sentence	subj_idx	verb_idx	verb_pos	verb	inflected_verb
the sri NNP NN is the country 's top NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN bears up to 7 flower heads which are each VBN in four or five RB NNS .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
this book has the same status in NNP literature as that of one hundred years of NNP in hispanic literature .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
murphy 's NNS are all the more remarkable as he was deaf .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when the letter `` z '' is encountered , a NN causes a blank space to appear in the message , thus VBG the original message with spaces .	2	11	VBZ	causes	cause
this JJ agreement appears to be in effect .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
a center track begins at a NN block near the tunnel portal and NNS with the two express tracks of the eastern parkway line south of NNP avenue .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP , this discussion is only about templates , not categories !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it shows NNP and NNP working out of a small office and holding group meetings in people 's homes , as group meetings are a core element of the NNP bank peer NN model .	22	23	VBP	are	is
as a scholarly treatment of a reformation in technical communication , the text is a contribution to the history of science .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
historic records mention the assistance and entertainment offered by him and his tribe towards the NNP and later colonists .	1	2	VBP	mention	mentions
the NNP NNP plant is the first of its kind in russia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the mark of a moderate man is freedom from his own ideas .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the course uses clinical cases to VB the teaching and evaluation of clinical skills with the basic science concepts in each of the blocks , and VBZ the william NNP NNP institute for clinical simulation and patient safety to aid learning through interactive clinical NNS .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the play takes the form of a dialogue between NNP NNP and NNP , who is VBG him about his background on the orders of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the corridor derives its name from the front range , the mountain range that defines the west central boundary of the corridor .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
direct quotes , statistics and facts need to be cited .	1	6	VBP	need	needs
his NNP comics NNS include the JJ the complete NNP library , the JJ NNP NNS , and the JJ NN NNP archives .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the history of NNP begins with the formation of the association for promoting the higher education of women in cambridge , in 1869 .	1	4	VBZ	begins	begin
the resort has 22 rooms and the buildings are low and made traditionally with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the legal definition of land area ( us ) VBZ slope .	2	9	VBZ	ignores	ignore
these entities are often NNS between banks or corporate NNS and investors and are called the shadow banking system .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fruit then grows to full size inside the bottle .	1	3	VBZ	grows	grow
the national basketball association ( nba ) NN plan VBZ if five or more players on a team `` CD or are VBN ' '' .	8	9	VBZ	activates	activate
the bride always wears a JJ JJ wedding NN .	1	3	VBZ	wears	wear
thus certain authors argue that any histories that do not focus on spectacular events are now deemed VBG to younger readers .	2	3	VBP	argue	argues
NNP 's witnesses use kingdom halls for the majority of their worship and bible instruction .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
currently , the rest of NNP is still under construction .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
another unique stop is the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
methods employed in cognitive NN include experimental NN from NNS and cognitive psychology , functional NN , NN , cognitive NNS and behavioral NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the selection of persons is to be made by the branch office of the ss race and settlement main office ( NNP ) in NNP ( NNP ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ character is a result of the NN of NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at the end , the left hand line joins the main circuit , but the right hand one stops short of the current NN .	7	8	VBZ	joins	join
l NNS are canon 's JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP 's editor is george peterson , former editor of mix magazine NNP communications , corp was founded by NNP president terry NNP in 1999 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are responsible for colour perception .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the company provides a comprehensive website where current listings of programming , VBZ from the various shows and other programming information can be found .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
NNP NNP NNP 's incomplete theory `` an RB simple theory of everything '' attempts to describe all known fundamental interactions in physics as part of the NNP lie algebra .	5	14	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the rules of botanical naming state that the spelling used in the formal scientific description has to be retained for the scientific name .	8	15	VBZ	has	have
next to the NNP , second largest building of the terrace and the final NNS , is the throne hall or the imperial army 's hall of honour ( also called the `` NNP palace ) .	7	16	VBZ	is	are
the rule is that whenever the is disagreement , even between later editors , the original style should remain unless there is strong consensus for a change on the individual article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name comes from the welsh saint NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the alpha NNP system has a total of 12 planets , among them NNP in orbit around alpha NNP a and newton in orbit around alpha NNP b .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the game allows for characters to be created with one of eight classes and offered the ability to choose the sex of each character .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
NNS may be held in jail for months , even as much as two years , before being brought before an immigration board , at which NNS need to pay for their own legal representation .	26	27	VBP	need	needs
i did it for NNP NNP , and the results appear to have been favorable .	9	10	VBP	appear	appears
NNS which have been around , and which are in current widespread use , include JJ NN , NN , NN NN , NN , NNS , NNS , NNS , NN , and NNS , and JJ NNS .	0	14	VBP	include	includes
regulations require use of an integrated antenna .	0	1	VBP	require	requires
in most JJ examples the NNS are the part that VBZ out most .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the poll is broken down into categories by , basically , levels of notability , and that the more obscure categories have a clear majority for deletion .	20	21	VBP	have	has
this article refers to a legal NN of sri lanka , now deceased .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
iranian agencies know this book as a valuable work for students and researchers in the fields of political science and history and also a guide for decision makers and NNS of foreign policy .	1	2	VBP	know	knows
now , most websites seem to recommend doing it more than that , but they mention doing it specifically to increase things like muscle development , NN , etc .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
so these brothers RB work together too .	2	4	VBP	work	works
today the women 's teams also use the nickname warriors .	4	6	VBP	use	uses
JJ adaptation ( from the greek word auto ) is a form of adaptation where the subject attempts to change itself when faced with a difficult situation .	16	17	VBZ	attempts	attempt
c - stops at NNP then express to NNP , then all stops to NNP .	2	6	VBP	express	expresses
to my thinking , this is a keep though the article needs to be expanded .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
most uninvolved users believe that tree NN is reasonably neutral and JJ over NNP .	2	3	VBP	believe	believes
at present , the total floor area of the library is 56 , 700 NN ft .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
no one in the usa wants their stores , which is why the chain is being sold off .	1	5	VBZ	wants	want
when he met NNP washington , the director and also an actor in the great NNP , in a follow-up NN audition , NNP says `` it was one of those moments .	11	24	VBZ	says	say
NNP stated that artificial intelligence has the capability to bring about human extinction , which is of course not what society VBZ for artificial intelligence to do .	20	21	VBZ	intends	intend
the son of singer jeff NNP discovers that his father was a drug NN by reading wikipedia .	1	6	VBZ	discovers	discover
classic examples of JJ problems include economic , environmental , and political issues .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
i agree the article is problematic and needs work .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the major factor that keeps the image of this elephant in the minds of elephant lovers is its wide ears .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
things get even worse when NNP cuts the NNP program from the state 's budget , a move that VBZ NNP .	0	1	VBP	get	gets
NNP 's ethics and language , written after ross 's book but before NNP 's and NNP 's , states that JJ terms are `` not always used for purposes of NN .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the town of bruce mines has a population of CD residents .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
published credits of gray include NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the articles on him are RB of very good standards .	1	4	VBP	are	is
no published albums ( JJ one is due in april ] ] .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ effect states that a person is more likely to believe a familiar statement than an JJ one .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some distributed data stores ( such as NNP over NNP ) use forward error NN techniques to recover the original file when parts of that file are damaged or JJ .	22	26	VBP	are	is
the central galaxy in the cluster contains vast amounts of hot gas .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
the discussion here is somewhat more general ; regarding classified material by any government .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
apparently every season of america 's top model is notable .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
at the mere ( lines JJ ) when NNP 's mother attacks the hall , the NNPS and NNP pursue her to the mere where she lives .	10	11	VBZ	attacks	attack
the port also sees various cruise ship calls bringing visitors to the dorset area .	1	3	VBZ	sees	see
the NN point for me is that NNS have one operator , but any admin can unblock .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
our xbox 360 article is not explicit about this .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as of june 2013 , the most recent NN smoking ban is north dakota 's , which was VBN by voters on november 6 , 2012 .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
current article needs considerable work , though .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
while these teaching NNS are effective , virtual reality simulation seems to have VBN the gap between them .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
the purpose of the NNP is to score bonus points .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP '' means formed as a ring and `` JJ '' formed as an incomplete ring ; both terms have a range of uses .	18	19	VBP	have	has
visitors are officially invited to use public transport , but RB arrive by private car , encouraged by the provision of parking spaces .	0	1	VBP	are	is
many scientists agree that if global warming continues , this disruption is likely to increase .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
this game is notorious for how bad it is , but that may not transfer to wikipedia notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some early texts refer to VB as RB being the oldest building in ireland .	2	3	VBP	refer	refers
NNP 's three brothers are physicians , and his sister is a teacher .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
long term plans include the construction of a digital NN and the completion of the JJ science hall .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP is married to fellow puerto rican fernando NNP , a nasa scientist , whose job requires the NN , design and implementation of JJ instruments used in the scientific observations of the earth and space .	15	16	VBZ	requires	require
his colors are blue and yellow and his player number is 5 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the building itself is a frame structure on a stone foundation VBN by a NN pitched JJ roof .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the most common view is that while god does not need prayer , humans do .	13	14	VBP	do	does
the church has several significant paintings on the walls .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
most JJ launch vehicles need to be continuously topped off as scheduled NN approaches .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
infrastructure is JJ ; there is no electricity supply , most water comes from traditional wells , and the JJ school system provides only elementary education in poorly equipped NNS .	21	22	VBZ	provides	provide
he had shown that some JJ elements have more than one atomic mass , although the chemical properties are identical , so that atoms of different masses occupy the same place in the periodic table .	6	7	VBP	have	has
i have no doubt NNP NNP is a sockpuppet , the only question is whose sockpuppet .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this area is home to the old fire station and subject of a potential NN project .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
she pointed out that the number itself , for all VBG agencies , depends very much on the way it is calculated .	5	13	VBZ	depends	depend
content of article has changed it may be verifiable but at the time of nomination was a poorly written NN ; NNS and NN 's are not suitable for wp inclusion .	21	25	VBP	are	is
a NN index allows the reader to generally find NNS by significant words in the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP NN is a technique used to reduce engine wear in large NNS by performing NN at less than full power .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another editor would not see the same problems you see , and it is likely that even after several NNS , the specific elements of the article that you VBP to be VBN would still remain .	23	29	VBP	perceive	perceives
a secure scoring program is available online although hand scoring forms are also available .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the number used in a font is a NN of two numbers .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
almost all current national team players play for clubs in the french championships .	5	6	VBP	play	plays
in falling stars , players control NNP , a young girl who lives in the peaceful land of NNP .	4	5	VBP	control	controls
the district contains JJ century NNPS , early republic architecture , and late victorian architecture .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the band combines influences from traditional heavy metal bands such as iron maiden , NNP NNP and thin NNP , and english folk metal band NNP .	1	2	VBZ	combines	combine
perhaps merging to NNP seed ( if the information is not already there ) would be best .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this author has five books out , received awards , and is a nationally syndicated columnist .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
VBN redirect is a product of a move .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of this forum is that it VBZ itself to VB knee NN voting , and is strongly JJ to discourse .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the village is the administrative center of union council 5 of NNP NNP , the village has a population of 3 , CD .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
delete this article is completely unnecessary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
maintenance , repair , and operations NNP operations can be VBN by whether the product remains the property of the customer , i .	14	15	VBZ	remains	remain
the term is particularly JJ when applied or JJ to people with strong ties to canada , such as those who have lived a significant portion of their lives , or were educated , in canada , and then relocated to the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP argues that the pa ( primary algebra ) reveals striking connections among logic , NNP algebra , and JJ , and the philosophy of language and mind .	7	9	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the hospital also provides JJ department and day hospital services for psychiatric patients in west NNP psychiatric centre , east NNP psychiatric centre and NNP psychiatric centre .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the only problem is that it might be difficult to find a source like that .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an editor is assisting the user in ensuring that no factual NNS remain .	11	12	VBP	remain	remains
these individual properties are not abstract and they do not create rules .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a leading NN in his entire body of work is the JJ NN of freedom and the triumph of NN and NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
and when the ceremony is over , we throw them into the street , but not because we hate them .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in the end , the monument consists of a vermont and italian marble NN with surrounding italian marble lions , each long and VBG 12 tons .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
large parties VBD the cut stems , and left them to dry for days or weeks .	4	5	VBZ	stems	stem
NNS are where wikipedians come together to focus on an article or task .	0	1	VBP	are	is
raw sugar has a yellow to brown color .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
currently its editors are dr NNP NNP ( university of sheffield ) , dr NNP NNP ( university of bristol ) , dr n .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NN of order 8 , while the second JJ group is JJ group NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i do n't know how that script works .	6	7	VBZ	works	work
its head office is in sydney , australia , with other offices in the australian cities of melbourne , brisbane , adelaide and canberra , as well as in new zealand and canada .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
not at all , but in these matters wikipedia policy makes as little appeal to common sense as do the laws of particle physics .	9	10	VBZ	makes	make
this category comprises templates used by wikiproject singapore .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
looking through various versions , one has to doubt notability .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
there are tons of JJ programs on all sorts of platforms ; such programs are not JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
his results are more likely to be quoted than VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the album features production from dr .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
in NNP 's words , `` the NN is that maximum NN VBZ political dominance .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the assessment measures 24 NN services VBG that only four have shown improvement over the last 50 years , 15 are in serious decline , and five are in a JJ condition .	1	2	VBZ	measures	measure
NNS detect the position and NN of the steering column , and a computer module applies VBP JJ via the motor , which connects to either the steering gear or steering column .	0	1	VBP	detect	detects
participation is completely voluntary up until the moment a community consensus discussion VBZ with an accept decision .	11	12	VBZ	closes	close
my hope is that the JJ NNS could play a larger role in the cleanup process , if they can become aware of articles in need of attention ( which is currently not that easy ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although the book is fictional , it is based on the early life experiences of the NN , joyce meyer , who was VBN by her parents when she was a child .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one web site makes the JJ claim , based solely upon a picture , that NNP anderson is going into competition with NNP .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
his weapon is a NN NN , taken from the NN that bit off his hand .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the few people in this category - and the many potentially in it - have little in common , so there is little value in them being grouped together .	2	14	VBP	have	has
his work spans many subjects , including privacy , race , information technology , media NN , media development , and educational NN .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
this NN plot style is particularly evident around the NN and on side streets such as silver street , NNP street and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the author wants to put it up on his userpage , fine , but delete here .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the word `` NN '' indicates that a line has five of these `` feet .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the nomination is in bad faith , and the article is still young .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
cities are the NN of human diversity ; their policies , structures and institutions can significantly contribute to VBG JJ , VBG , safe and JJ communities .	0	1	VBP	are	is
an expansion of the NNP assistance and NNP america programs , where states already have these NN programs in place , as in vermont , the fcc VBZ letting states determine their own NN requirements .	12	14	VBP	have	has
the next two edits occur at intervals of 12 hours , the third considerably after that .	3	4	VBP	occur	occurs
this image is identical to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the potential energy at the top is independent of the route taken .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
project is currently in planning stages .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
similar mainstream examples include `` host '' , as in `` host a party '' , and `` chair '' , as in `` chair the meeting '' .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the villa de NNP part is in honor of NNP NNP , a hero of the mexican war of independence .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP controversy reflects some of these issues and their political NN .	2	3	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the office of the mayor of NNP is a directly elected position .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
oil NN NNS take in only JJ NNS , they normally do not VB water .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
highland NNS are distinct both RB and RB from other NNP groups like the NNP , including the NNP , NNP scottish NNP , eastern european roma and welsh NNP groups .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP organs are only the left ones , in the JJ NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
sometimes a NN supplement is needed when feeding NN hay , if a horse is under stress ( illness , traveling , showing , racing , and so on ) , or not eating well .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia guideline is to avoid use of NNS in article titles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS cover the eastern and the central parts , where NN from the center of the island allows a higher water table and JJR soils than the dense VBZ found on most of the island .	0	1	VBP	cover	covers
NN '' even exists in a `` JJ writing '' version .	0	3	VBZ	exists	exist
after the other judges delivered their NNS , lord NNP concluded , the general law of this land is in favour of the NN of battle , and it is our duty to VB the law as it is , and not as we may wish it to be .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP denied the exchange took place via telephone , though both men agree those questions were asked later in the day before NNP commissioned fraser as prime minister .	11	12	VBP	agree	agrees
they often perform in new york , although the band is currently on a hiatus because hart is residing in los angeles for the time being .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in extremely high NNS and in rare cases `` JJ '' side effects are possible .	12	13	VBP	are	is
delete while the subject of this article is an important cultural phenomenon and JJ NN that is likely to be well documented .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
some games that feature save points also use a variation of a saved games called a NN save ; like save states , these saves are the complete state of the game and allow the player to resume from an exact point .	24	25	VBP	are	is
through shared artwork and letters of participants , the program encourages students to develop higher reading levels , cultural awareness , and international NNS .	9	10	VBZ	encourages	encourage
the parish of NNP da NNP is surrounded to the north and west by the parish of NNP , and east by the municipality of NNP do NNP ( specifically the parishes of NNP and NNP do mar , VBG the atlantic ocean along its southern border .	31	36	VBP	do	does
some physical spirits also have special abilities or spells that they can use once they are in play .	2	4	VBP	have	has
the themes section needs some attention paid to the organization .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families touched by these acts of terror in mumbai .	1	4	VBP	are	is
JJ policy relating to content disputes points out that surveys and votes of this sort are poor ways of VBG editorial conflict .	9	15	VBP	are	is
the governing body is the american NNP rugby union .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
no agents currently use this as the primary means of fire NN .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
the official mascot of the NNP division is NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
in central and northern alberta the arrival of spring brings the prairie NN NN , the three VBD NNS , golden NN , wild rose and other early flowers .	6	9	VBZ	brings	bring
the team colors are NN , blue and silver and their local rivals are the east coast NNP .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the map is right , the text was wrong .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
things take a NN point when fat tony orders him to make a hit , to which dan tries to get homer to stop him .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
a NN floor with a hard surface provides protection from serious injuries rather than minor injuries .	2	7	VBZ	provides	provide
sexual NNS are common across many cultures and historical periods .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a settlement ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article mentions NNP moving to the freeway .	1	2	VBZ	mentions	mention
NNP case happens to be the one where the accused fought back .	1	2	VBZ	happens	happen
the stadium features dual NNS with seating for 6 , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
other historians add that canadian nationalism and belief in independence from the british empire was strongest in french canada , whereas NN was strongest in NNP canada .	1	2	VBP	add	adds
execution in NNP consists of a JJ main loop that repeatedly VBZ each actor 's act method .	0	3	VBZ	consists	consist
when the team VBZ her , they discover NNP 's blood on NNP 's NN and an equally important NN .	2	3	VBZ	examines	examine
NNP NNP NN cross stone structure NNP NNP medieval the base is square below and shaped to JJ above into which a rectangular shaft is set .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
apart from the lake , several attractions on the shores of the lake are the NNP national park known for its scenic beauty in summer and the winter sports of skiing , the NN VBG centre at NNP , the active centres of NNP and NNP .	6	13	VBP	are	is
its finishing attack is the ; it VBZ its land galaxy mode to build speed and then VBZ its robot mode and VBZ a NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film takes place in a fictional central african country ( called NNP , `` the land of peace '' in arabic ) VBZ a civil war .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
projects include VBN burning and JJ species removal .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
a more accurate and JJ translation of pays would be district ( towns and districts of art and history ) , as the word pays refers to an administrative area centered on a town or village - NN to a district or subdivision of an english county .	23	24	VBZ	pays	pay
NNS may be broadly defined as JJ or JJ small molecules ; the JJ nature of some NNS allows them to form structures such as NNS , NNS , or NNS in an JJ environment .	14	18	VBZ	allows	allow
wikipedia to VB if the only penalty is that the language gets VBN down a little , and if it gives them the NN of knowing that all they have to do is post , and someone will jump to rewrite their article for them .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if the test results are VBN by unconscious shoulder movements of the patient , a second test course is performed , during which the VBG person holds the patient 's NNS with the hands .	25	26	VBZ	holds	hold
the combination of the behaviour and `` possible '' result is sufficient confirmation .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this editor is active enough in both the encyclopedia and the community that i am inclined to support .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the toy version is a NN of beast wars NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
virginia 's all-time bowl record is CD .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the most JJ aspect for recovery in patients with severe NN is rapid diagnosis and appropriate treatment .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
NNS have many beliefs and practices in common with the religion or party that they have broken off from , but are VBN by a number of JJ differences .	0	1	VBP	have	has
this estimate VBZ the NN required for social services including medical facilities , township etc .	1	2	VBZ	excludes	exclude
shopping , museums , and theatres are available by a public transportation .	5	6	VBP	are	is
four players emerge from the back of the NN , musicians like a cross between NNS and VBG NNS -- and their songs are raw musical wounds of violence and VBD which VBP the crowd into a NN .	1	2	VBP	emerge	emerges
the crop question was also raised on commons , but the image is like that .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the entries at the top of this page regarding what is happening on the new server are very useful , but would have more meaning if a date was added to each entry .	1	16	VBP	are	is
the date and name of the woman is unknown , but the marriage was soon VBN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the values and culture of us technology resources are its soul and identity .	1	8	VBP	are	is
author NNP leonard has stated names are important in the creation of his characters .	5	6	VBP	are	is
you can move pages yourself once your account becomes JJ , meaning once your account is 4 days old and has made 10 edits .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
county route CD NNS from albany street by heading south on route CD while route 27 and county route NNP continue east , VBG with route 18 ( memorial parkway ) a quarter of a mile later .	3	20	VBP	continue	continues
its cars are notable for being the first sports cars to be made in russia .	1	2	VBP	are	is
part of the NNP fort is now a heritage hotel , after its restoration by NNP hotels .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
although it has the same preservation and VBG as the fossils known to belong to the NNP skeleton , it is very NN , which may mean it does n't belong to the skeleton ; this bone is 7 .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
you revolution is NNP 's first mini album , and was JJ in early 2006 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN type and file extension is identical , thus applications reading this file format need to interpret the embedded information on the color model .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
when NNP 's NNP girlfriend , NNP finds out , she wants him to quit .	4	7	VBZ	finds	find
it is a VBG ingredients of open source NN NNS , although some variants consider it as optional , owing to the high cost .	13	14	VBP	consider	considers
when VBG plots for a school play , two girls talk about `` a normal girl , who 's beautiful .	9	10	VBP	talk	talks
players must find and VB the queen NN and her NN in a mere 15 days , before the NNS make an JJ attack on NNP NNP ( on june 15th ) .	19	20	VBP	make	makes
in the final part of the lecture , NNP VBZ the concept of NNS , citing the phrase JJ door as a recognized JJ phrase in english , adding that to his own taste , in welsh `` JJ doors are RB frequent '' .	39	40	VBP	are	is
finally , the food matrix itself can be protective like in the cheese , where the JJ environment , high fat content and VBG capacity of the matrix helps to protect the JJ cells both in the product and during JJ transit .	17	28	VBZ	helps	help
the process of arbitration is a positive way to resolve conflicts where NN and mediation failed .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the webster NNP high school building has 84 classrooms along with an auditorium , a media center , and a theater .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
route CD is the internal designation for NNP road , one of the two side roads in pennsylvania along with the bridge .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the course is designed to introduce you to some JJ tools necessary for policy analysis , explore strategies for making policy analysis relevant to the policy debate , and develop some understanding of how policy analysis fits into the overall NN process .	35	36	VBZ	fits	fit
another ending is similar to the first one but removing zero who still has not been found and has decided to stay in the shadows since he believes the world is safe with x .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the arms race continues and NN planning for war frequently continue .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the only issue here is the quality of the article .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the reason for deleting this article is that the topic itself is arbitrary and JJ , as VBN by the lack of google hits .	9	11	VBZ	is	are
despite efforts of NN , the NNP NNP can easily determine a subject 's origins and root language by VBG their speech patterns , NN , and NN , as jessica does when she realizes that a visiting VBG guild NN is a NNP agent .	40	41	VBZ	is	are
homer goes back to NNP 's RB to find the owner of the store and after much convincing from homer and NNP the owner opens up to sell homer a reed .	23	24	VBZ	opens	open
indefinite blocks are to force editors to VB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although housed in a 200 year old building , the theatre uses state of the art technology .	10	11	VBZ	uses	use
the goal of a shell balance is to determine the velocity profile of the flow .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
it should be noted , however , that this criterion talks about a significant history , not a long history .	9	10	VBZ	talks	talk
while RB JJ , the dialects differ in both NN and certain aspects of NN .	5	6	VBP	differ	differs
the body is gold with a green band crossing it RB right to left ; the color gold stands for the wealth of the land and green stands for the beauty of the valley which is a gift from mother nature to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBN at the source 's NN treatment of its most loyal NN , NNP demands to be killed as well and the source grants NNP 's request .	22	23	VBZ	grants	grant
the way it is now , is perfect for them ( an afd where keep NNS delete results in delete ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
that name is the x factor fan site , and this is its log .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is because the island 's main economic sector is tourism , and this parish is home to the island 's largest hotel , the four seasons resort , which is the largest single employer on the island , second only to the government .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
some diana NNS use a slightly different NN and plastic composition , while other models have a PRP ' setting for time NNS .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the school 's most recent additions include a music centre with an adjoining 1 , JJ hall .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
next , a screenwriter writes a screenplay over a period of several months .	3	4	VBZ	writes	write
letters describe findings of broad interest are generally five printed pages or shorter in length , while articles are comprehensive reports of research of `` immediate , broad , and lasting impact '' .	0	1	VBP	describe	describes
we never leave allegations floating , both sides need to be represented and everything about an alleged offence needs to be completely balanced , completely neutral and completely accurate and up to date .	7	8	VBP	need	needs
i was an active participant of spelling NNS until this year , and you will not believe how much stress these competitors have and how much nerve they have to even participate in the national spelling bee .	21	22	VBP	have	has
arizona 's JJ equivalent is `` setting aside '' a conviction .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the red NNP source seems to have a one line mention of the company , which is not significant coverage .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
as there has been no conviction for those murders , the legal system does not know who the killer is .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
independent NNS are usually unable to acquire catch shares due to financial limitations , and often can not financially survive within these systems .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in mathematics , JJ geometry is a small set of NNS based on NNS closely related to those VBG JJ geometry .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's costume is one of the more constant throughout the productions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its official colours are blue , white and red and the mascot is a NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
during festivals and in formal ceremonies , which involve dances for males , the long house space is VBN ; the centre of the long house is the most important area where the dance takes place .	21	26	VBZ	is	are
the player has the option of choosing either a male or female character .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
they held that external differences such as rank and wealth are of no importance in social relationships .	4	10	VBP	are	is
if the answer is `` yes '' then that person belongs in this category .	9	10	VBZ	belongs	belong
the moth therefore has the cellular NNS for JJ colour vision .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the content of the page in question seems hardly worth the NN , though i think we all recognize that the RB JJ interaction pattern needs fixing .	24	25	VBZ	needs	need
station is in NNP city , NNP prefecture .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the company is currently part of the JJ british american tobacco ( bat ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his special distance is 3000 metres NN , a distance in which he competed at the 2005 world championships .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
you might think it is unnecessary to illustrate an article about a company or organization with its logo , but most editors do not .	21	22	VBP	do	does
the NNP NNP site is one of the most prominent early new stone age sites discovered so far in kosovo , typical for NNP culture , respectively the sixth millennium bc , reflecting one of the most developed NNS of this time .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i believe a page they created was RB deleted , and their current behavior stems from NN .	13	14	VBZ	stems	stem
his history , however , is not all vandalism ; he has at least one constructive edit that i can see .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the usual format is to print a JJ picture of the stamp in each space , reduced in size so that a real stamp will cover it up , and add a thin frame around the stamp .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is not known how widespread the use of NNP is .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
we all know that this one is only here now because someone used it as a username .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP catalog contains over 250 albums , ranging from electric chicago blues and blues rock to acoustic NNP blues and west coast jump blues .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the river has a complex flow pattern .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the brook can now be seen at NNP NNP lane before the path goes under NNP road and over north circular road and then onto silver street where the path enters the grounds of NNP theatre .	29	30	VBZ	enters	enter
other threats include oil and gas exploration , road construction , NN of the rivers , logging , agriculture , and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
usually such JJ NNS are blocked until the owner agrees to VB the bot policy .	8	9	VBZ	agrees	agree
back and forth movement is typically less JJ than JJ movement .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
RB , JJR than the music 's NNP davies called `` this is a truly great debut from the JJ rock band '' , and said that the album `` has some great tracks to get your teeth into .	28	30	VBZ	has	have
the largest group in the region is the NNPS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this database has to include all securities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
it does seem that some pov has VBN in ; but a brief look at the books and scholar results is enough to indicate that this is significant enough to VB an article .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
the appearance of the game 's protagonist is not only nearly identical to the NN , but the game 's cave environments and plot , which VBZ around the main character VBG an ancient treasure , are very similar to his NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the lake VBZ RB through a 100 m creek into south bay .	1	2	VBZ	drains	drain
the employees suggest that michael start looking for another job .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the track was recently removed ( 2009 ) from the station to the NNP tunnel , however the two short station platforms still exist , although continued NN of the site may result in the remaining NN being demolished .	21	23	VBP	exist	exists
in addition , intelligent architectural objects maintain dynamic links with construction documents and specifications , resulting in more accurate project NNS .	5	6	VBP	maintain	maintains
the area now extends to approximately CD NNS of public space known as NNP community NNP .	1	3	VBZ	extends	extend
this sort of stuff is useless .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
on june 28 , 2010 , the court held , on a JJ vote , that the method through which NNP members are removed from the board VBZ the united states constitution 's separation of powers .	17	27	VBZ	violates	violate
JJ scan is a logical scan run by the user using attack surface NNP which VBZ the file containing the configuration of the system before this software is installed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the point is to RB separate presentation information ( font , alignment , etc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
typical coast guard ships include the 130 NN type CD patrol boat ( 100 boats ) , armed with twin 14 .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
JJ graph theory is also concerned with graph parameters that are defined via NNS of NNS of NNS associated to the graph , such as the colin de NNP number .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i also asked that you investigate the user who initiated this JJ complaint , to determine if he had VBN himself with those accounts , and that request appears to have been ignored as that original complaint was closed within hours , while this one has VBN into days .	27	28	VBZ	appears	appear
in its structure , the novel reflects NNP 's own life and his travels through italy .	5	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
notability is not inherited , and whatever the world needs to know about dan NNP can be in the article on his father , and on go .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
pink magazine is a united states business magazine for women .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
articles in this category are about software companies whose primary focus in the promotion of software is on promoting free software .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
also , [ the poles ] consider that the german influence in budapest and prague is too powerful [ .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
the next day , NNP 's attorney , arthur dean , informs gene that , as NN of the estate , he must look after NNP 's three NN boys .	6	11	VBZ	informs	inform
the stock VBN is a NN ( 7 ) style .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are up to long .	1	2	VBP	are	is
second , the card is RB better than NNP NNP and would replace the card in all formats where NNP NNP would see play .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a large segment of the NNP party maintains the viewpoint that the turkish empire should be based only on the principle of islam and NNP .	2	7	VBZ	maintains	maintain
there may be articles that were previously not under any form of protection that are now under pending changes , but these NNS are not a focus of the trial .	22	23	VBP	are	is
r ) JJ machine gun VBZ about 10 .	4	5	VBZ	weighs	weigh
unlike some more aggressive NNS , this NN is relatively JJ for the computers it manages to VB .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
one popular new testament false prophet is the false prophet mentioned in the book of revelation .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the restaurant offers american , french and italian cuisine .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
he says that `` things are tough all over '' and that he 's going to tell their story .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the final type of interaction of a ray with an atom is a `` reflection '' , designated by an `` r '' .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
reference to the washington post is JJ at best .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
native NNS and ruins are still visible at theodore roosevelt county park , just east of the village of NNP , new york .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the foot was unusually constructed in that the foot bones ( NNS ) lacked solid contact with each other , as in animals that can widely VB the NNS , and this arrangement also indicates the presence of a single foot NN , VBG any ability to run quickly .	32	34	VBZ	indicates	indicate
hungarian parliamentary party politics can be different declared that such words are not only offence of hungarian minority but of whole hungarian nation .	10	11	VBP	are	is
this page contains a list of dover f .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
most environmental groups involved with the NN plan , as well as the national forest service , believe that the long term benefits of removing the dam far VBP the short term damage done by JJ NN .	2	17	VBP	believe	believes
girls often reach full adult height before 16 , while boys may continue into the JJ year old range , and sometimes into the JJ year range .	0	2	VBP	reach	reaches
ok , ultimately up to you i guess how you think the colours work best .	12	13	VBP	work	works
the district encompasses CD contributing buildings and is primarily residential , developed between 1888 and 1945 .	1	2	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
in NNP 's recent poetry a concern for the specific nature of the political NN of poetry is a NN topic .	6	17	VBZ	is	are
VBG gear ( or `` turning gear '' ) is the mechanism provided to VB the turbine generator shaft at a very low speed after unit NNS .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
with more than 17 , 000 teachers , administrators and support staff , the district is also NNP county 's largest employer .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a climate change affects all the bronze age cultures in europe with NN and NN climate , and tribes from the JJ nordic bronze age cultures are pushed NNS into the european continent .	2	3	VBZ	affects	affect
after an interchange with west university parkway ( NNP ) , immediately southwest of utah valley university , the freeway heads north along the western side of NNP .	19	20	VBZ	heads	head
the film tells the story of a jewish family VBG to the NNP ( aka NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
NNP selected this variant , where the NN meets NNS , rather than others that contain NNS , because he believed the NN were probably an NN from germany .	7	8	VBZ	meets	meet
precious few things are JJ on wikipedia .	2	3	VBP	are	is
local school in the NNP has the most students .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the evolution article can be too technical for some readers , and i think that a more basic introduction has its place here , to complement the main article .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
the shopping centre also contains the area 's bus NN ' .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
this category includes football ( soccer ) players of australia who competed in the summer olympics .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the festival incorporates tribal NNS , tea heritage tours , NN , adventure sports , and wildlife pleasure trip .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
despite what amounts to a JJ character assassination by some media outlets and , RB , even some members of our government , i believe dr .	18	24	VBP	believe	believes
it 's not 100 percent that i agree with him , but you know where his heart is and where his values are .	21	22	VBP	are	is
this image is reminiscent of the artwork featured on no NNS and may be intended as a direct reference .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some people have articles that dont show the notability .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in the united states and in canada , when a child reaches the age of 16 he or she is allowed to drive and sometimes receives the responsibility of VBG their own car .	10	11	VBZ	reaches	reach
best development of mountain NN is on loose , JJ , JJ soils with adequate NN , and in british columbia , on thick and very JJ organic matter and JJ wood .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the composition of the editorial committee VBZ regularly among european legal network members .	1	6	VBZ	rotates	rotate
the area around the NNP NNP gate is one of the historic districts ( NN ) of milan ; the NN had its own coat of arms , NN red .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the library in NNP is part of the JJ public library system .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
their research suggests that NN may help the leaves retain water and enable the trees to fix more carbon during active growth periods .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the last point moses makes is that the jews had a right to kill him because they had a just judgment of jesus being a NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a quick google search shows up very few or no reliable hits for this subject .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show
popular sports in NNP include football , NN , NN and NN NN .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
job offers are mainly in areas of software engineering , NN engineering , NN industry and manufacturing industry .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the number of flames is usually either seven ( for the seven divine sisters ) or nine ( for the nine NNP ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the church is notable for housing the desk used by st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ancient historical sites include NNP fort , which dates from the sixth century , and NNP , which , according to legend , saint patrick once visited .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the county is part of the hampton roads metropolitan area based around norfolk , virginia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most hydrogen atoms bound in water molecules have a single NN for a nucleus .	2	7	VBP	have	has
their life source is the river , which forms part of the sea they live in , so it is unlikely that they would go far from it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the radar measures the distance to the NN by measuring the time of the NN from NN of a pulse to reception , VBG this by two , and then VBG by the speed of light .	1	2	VBZ	measures	measure
population trends in other lakes are unknown .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in some scripts , parts of NNS lie below the NN .	4	7	VBP	lie	lie
countries with registered fishing vessels that employ NNP generally agree to set up a fisheries monitoring center ( NNP ) , which has a data network connection to the NNP of other states .	0	9	VBP	agree	agrees
the origin of the description NNP or `` JJ great '' is unclear .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the most regular home ground is shown though some clubs play matches at other venues throughout the season .	9	10	VBP	play	plays
true natural clay courts are rare because they take two to three days to dry .	3	4	VBP	are	is
dolphins are actually the second most intelligent species on the planet , behind mice .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the cards contain JJ VBG blocking their use with north american systems .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
this article appears to be a VBN advertisement for `` NN research '' , to which the author has provided an external link .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
this format continues today , though with six teams the season now contains 31 matches , including the final .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
it goes against all conventional JJ wisdom to do such , especially on a project where the potential for promoting political agenda and bias is one of its greatest NNS .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
NNP duck cartoon , ali baba NNP , has a similar NN to the concept of the JJ magical cave .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
we tried to get the memory card out , but the ( for lack of a better word ) JJ NN is a 1 in metric .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
however , the history of JJ art is short , and can only be dated a couple of hundred years back .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the foundation 's principal goals are to foster the overseas study of chinese culture and society , to support international scholarly exchange , to promote widespread attention to and understanding of taiwan , and to promote academic dialogue on global issues .	4	5	VBP	are	is
these are things that fall under the definition of water efficiency , as their purpose is to obtain the desired result or level of service with the least necessary water .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
each desire feeds and VBZ on other NNS .	1	2	VBZ	feeds	feed
this category contains articles that have been assessed by the trains wikiproject and that have assessment comments attached .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the painting uses only JJ colors .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
per wikipedia instructions on the handling of vanity pages , `` an article should not be dismissed as `` vanity '' simply because the subject is not famous .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the NN of an NN matrix is itself an NN , thus the RB smallest possible magnitude of the NN of an JJ NN matrix is one , hence where NNS exist they do not become RB large ( see condition number ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the only source is the creator 's NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
tradition has it that she wanted him -- and only him .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
as for lower NN singles , sales get so close , it is hard to make out which singles have sold more overall , and it is usually not in a chart researchers interest to be aware of lower NN singles sales .	6	7	VBP	get	gets
kenneth has abandoned his faith , believing gods are all lies , bar his lord NNP , the closest thing to VB in existence .	7	8	VBP	are	is
one striking example of this is NNP avenue , where bottle trees have been planted .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the louisiana state university rugby team or NNP rugby team represents louisiana state university in JJ rugby .	5	10	VBZ	represents	represent
since the temperature is very mild , they were able to grow and make things very successfully and then trade and VB them to many different places around the continent .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the female then VBZ her wings and the male VBZ the female .	1	3	VBZ	spreads	spread
this result is similar in form to NNP 's law , where is the current density , is the NN and is the electric field .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS have practice at NNP central high school on NNP so that they can practice starts and turns since the beach is too shallow to dive into and has dark water so it is more difficult to do turns .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
his first appearance is in a study in NNP ( 1886 ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the strong NN is that any discussions relevant to professional wrestling articles should take place there .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
our NN has reached 90 so my children need the NN .	7	8	VBP	need	needs
event or not , i think you think such NNS are simply an NN to doing the good work of not writing about anything if it even RB refers to a living person .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the simple design of the language makes it easier to learn and use than most JJ NN languages , while complicated JJ processing is often done with one of the more JJ programming languages .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
the inner chamber of the NNP NNP contains the NN of NNP and shah NNP .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the material is a series of JJ diamond NNS , with NNS of between 5 and 20 NNS and lengths of around 1 NNS each .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i guess the short answer is yes , but rarely and RB , where there is a consensus to promote in spite of it falling outside the common range where promotions are thought likely .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
most accounts confirm that NNP technically quit , but only upon finding that van NNP had secretly been recording with their former vocalist david lee NNP .	1	2	VBP	confirm	confirms
the new stadium is JJ with an inclined JJ roof and fully JJ natural grass playing surface .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
students who have been expelled are no longer eligible to visit the school and attend or perform any activity with any students or staff who are with the school .	0	5	VBP	are	is
winters are long , cold , and NN , lasting from late october to late april , but JJR than more inland locations , with a january high of .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the highest point on the island is the tall NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN holds the edge of the NN JJ yes lets water freely flow to the rain garden beside the CD parking lot in minneapolis , NNP ( usa ) .	12	14	VBZ	flow	flows
several bus lines travel along NNP NNP street and stop near the station 's entrance .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels
the latin text of the NNP is a representative of the western NN in NNP NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
at the same time , the producer is attempting to lower the amount of NN and NNS used on the fields so that organisms and JJ activity have a chance to establish themselves in the soil and habitat ( green , et al .	23	27	VBP	have	has
other festival NNS include the berlin film festival , international film festival NNP , NNP short film festival , NNP festival , ottawa animation festival , NNP animation festival , hong kong international film festival , and edinburgh international film festival .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
these six churches , while being in NN with one another , are RB independent .	2	12	VBP	are	is
wikipedians have many of the same rights guaranteed to anyone by the laws and customs of centuries .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the arms are short and VBD .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it has been found that intensity has an effect on what fuel the body uses and what kind of NNS the body makes after exercise .	17	22	VBZ	makes	make
early examples include the adventures of NNP in 1913 and the NNP of helen , which ran from 1914 to 1917 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
words such as supposed , apparent and VBD can imply that a given point is inaccurate .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the second is the NNP NNP traditional music heritage preservation series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are also highly JJ , enabling NN to meet a wide variety of applications .	1	2	VBP	are	is
wikipedia is not a place for advertisements or publicity ; you should really keep this in mind if your goal is to spread the word about something , because there can be some significant JJ consequences of having a wikipedia article .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
every graduate student writes papers and presents them at conferences .	2	3	VBZ	writes	write
the executive functions are the set of related abilities that are responsible for working memory , JJ control and planning .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ advantage in chess is the inherent advantage of the player ( called white ) who makes the first move in chess .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the name is NNP saxon and means the ford VBN by NNS or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sometimes considered as a restoration job by the railway , this has yet to be carried out but NNS remain JJ that this may happen one day .	18	19	VBP	remain	remains
after the NN of the church and the NN of NNP and its colonies into the mainstream of medieval christian culture in the 11th and 12th centuries , native written sources begin to appear , in latin and old norse .	30	31	VBP	begin	begins
the conversation takes place over a span of four days in the year CD .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
males grow to a larger average and maximum size than females and , during the JJ season , develop fat deposits in the JJ fin and an VBN JJ JJ NN that often assumes a JJ colour .	0	1	VBP	grow	grows
consensus is that this list is redundant .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
for the most popular artist across the indian ocean islands whose career has VBN 40 years , i would argue that two samples are JJ .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the paintings are by JJ artists NNP NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his channel also appeals strongly to younger viewers , a group google refers to as generation c for their NNS of `` creation , NN , connection and community '' .	10	12	VBZ	refers	refer
arrangements have to be made to accommodate the case when two parties want to gain control at the same time .	0	1	VBP	have	has
a fast version of `` the death of NNP '' is the background music for level 8 of the video game descent ( 1995 ) .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
he included nature by leaving NNS in the NN , through which plants seem to grow JJ by NN , just as in the JJ environment .	12	13	VBP	seem	seems
not sure what your question is , but they are not mentioned in our extensive list of NN chains .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the current title is inappropriate since parts of arizona and mexico were also involved .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this may well be true that a lot of the coverage VBZ around NNP .	7	11	VBZ	revolves	revolve
keep - NN , most elementary schools are JJ but i think that this one has just about enough to cross the notability threshold .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
aside from that , the article appears to be a pov original research essay , and all but one of the links given as sources do n't work .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
a common NN states that the facial NN has no NNS , but this has been VBN by recent studies .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
lack of references is not a reason to delete - get some references .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
SYM - NNS in NNP fit the common fantasy role playing convention ; they are tall , JJ , JJ NNS who prefer living in nature .	2	5	VBP	fit	fits
this seems natural to me , as the deletion proposal contains no specific charges to VB .	9	10	VBZ	contains	contain
since the brand 's introduction , various NNS of NNP NNP have come and gone , and a current list is on the manufacturer 's web site .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
NN 's aunt comes to visit after the wedding .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
only one source used is not a primary source ( NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
such situations include JJ NNS , NN , JJ NNS , NNS , and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NN NNS are darker at the top of the lens where the sky is viewed and transparent at the bottom .	1	2	VBP	are	is
foundation and early years ( CD ) the history of NNP dates back to 1942 when a society called NNP de NNP del NNP was formed in the city of NNP to promote culture .	8	11	VBZ	dates	date
all the reader sees is a number in square NNS .	2	3	VBZ	sees	see
if the defense holds position on an island , a charge can be called against the opposition .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
students usually wear NNS for various parties and outside activities to create a certain feeling of NN .	0	2	VBP	wear	wears
those papers show the difficulties in VBG NNS to the path to an agreement , requires the present art of NN .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the river has a JJ area that includes the southern slopes of NNP volcano in the north and a large portion of land east of NNP national park .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
no one wants to VB him , at least i hope not .	1	2	VBZ	wants	want
NNP is warned to be more civil in discussions , as civility sanctions could be imposed in the future if the community VBZ it necessary .	21	22	VBZ	deems	deem
this part is JJ to actions that occur after shopping , such as putting change back into the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
track NNS , intended for indoor or outdoor cycle tracks or NNS , are RB simple compared with road NNS .	1	13	VBP	are	is
one NN method which can be used to VB iv estimates is JJ NNS ( CD or NNP ) .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the article needs a NNP of work , but those articles do indeed provide notability .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the males display longer and deeper heads , as well as longer NNS when compared to females .	1	2	VBP	display	displays
high levels of the JJ essential amino acid NN are a health NN to those born with NNS ( NNP ) , a rare inherited disease that prevents NN from being properly VBN .	1	9	VBP	are	is
at the present day no visitor to cuba fails to repair to that JJ JJ palace , JJ , perhaps , in the NN of its NN masses and the JJ detail of its NN NNS .	5	8	VBZ	fails	fail
sr 8 follows patrick street north to blue ridge street , onto which the state highway turns west and joins us 58 business in a NN through the downtown area .	15	16	VBZ	turns	turn
the university currently offers undergraduate and NN in NNP and animal science .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
one hypothesis considers the tubes to represent marginal NN that became surrounded by JJ shell material .	1	2	VBZ	considers	consider
seat NNS are a bad idea .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the railway station is a modern 1980s built on top of the original station , the level of which can be seen under the existing station 's two platforms connected by NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN 's sequence , more formally known as the central JJ numbers , describes the maximum number of pieces of a circle ( a NN or NN is usually used to describe the situation ) that can be made with a given number of straight cuts .	4	15	VBZ	describes	describe
the park lacks management , facilities , and roads .	1	2	VBZ	lacks	lack
the prison also offers the kansas wild horse program , which trains wild horses taken from land operated by the bureau of land management .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
utc on june 28 unless the other listed editors choose to join in .	8	9	VBP	choose	chooses
i recall a JJ ( probably from this book ) that most earthquake injuries are due to falling books and NNS , and falling glass from lights and windows .	13	14	VBP	are	is
it seems that NNS of the NNS have at some time switched from NNS by fire to NN of JJ NNS ; however , the reason for such change is unknown .	3	7	VBP	have	has
it belongs to the JJ family of instruments , together with the NN , NN , NN , NN , and NN ; its name means `` JJ NN '' .	24	25	VBZ	means	mean
its various tricks stem from its principal philosophy of the positive and negative and the five elements of the heart , liver , lung , NN and NN in the human body .	2	3	VBP	stem	stems
rolls '' ( as introduced in in the NNP 2 ) , which appear to be VBN , green and yellow holds , must be rapidly VBN ( like a NN , hence the name ) for them to count .	0	13	VBP	appear	appears
some authorities believe that this coat of arms was brought to poland from germany by a knight named NNP or NNP .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
the team gives female athletes opportunities to play in high level competition .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
the majority of the student body , especially troy 's best friend , chad NNP , VBZ troy to lead east high to victory .	1	16	VBZ	expects	expect
the JJ glass windows VBP the NNP of the blessed virgin mary , and the stations of the cross are bronze NN NNS .	3	4	VBP	portray	portrays
in addition to being the deity of NN and NN , the VBN NN god is also a patron of dancing and NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the default action here is to not take action until that threshold has been passed , as determined by a consensus of editors , after enough time has passed to allow a full discussion .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
NN are also normally complete or at least near complete , and since this is not something that could ever be considered complete , chances are low on getting this to fl status .	24	25	VBP	are	is
however , unlike NNP , conversation branches are extremely limited and do not significantly influence the course of the game , aside from accepting or declining missions .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the camp also offers JJ sessions for teens through the id gaming academy , which is held at stanford , harvard , NNP , NNP , the university of denver , NNP , the university of washington , NNP austin , texas christian university , and lake forest college .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the town of NNP is a statutory town in NNP county , colorado , united states .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
despite music that 's more JJ than JJ , brooks 's lyrics are bright and JJ .	11	12	VBP	are	is
and , when an admin says `` lots of blocks , no more NN , indefinite block '' , why do we assume the admin is JJ and has not investigated further .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the hunter tries to kill the NN , but the snow VBZ him and he VBZ .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
the degree to which each high level task is broken down into lower level tasks is dependent on the availability of NNP for the successive individual branches .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
the lakes are all VBN and follow the water flow .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most species shed their skin four or five times as their bodies grow , and they eventually VBP into an adult form .	11	12	VBP	grow	grows
the closing admin is RB wrong .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an NNP game it is the under arm throwing of the NN ( a NN shaped stick ) at a suspended target .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP habitat is a plus , too .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
rubber seed oil is oil VBN from the seeds of rubber trees .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its administrative center is the urban locality ( a work settlement ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another key part of this theory is that it VBZ the law of the excluded middle , which means that there are no partial members of a class , you are either in or out .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2001 census , the village has a population of 67 people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
its source is less than 1 NN south west of NNP bronze age settlement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if abuse continues , treat it like any other shared ip .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
NNS learn to take turns while VBG with adults .	0	1	VBP	learn	learns
NNP representations of partial NNS have many applications in VBG problems for systems of tasks with ordering constraints .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the only problem is that tony is on a mission from god ( or at least NNP ) , and appears totally JJ of understanding that courtesy is the NN that VBZ society .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
have a look at the article and judge whether the character you played fits into any of the NNS .	10	13	VBZ	fits	fit
such copyright as exists on this is likely very thin , as these people did not make up these relationships , but it is their structure that has been appropriate .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
queen 's two children are both male , as is the crown prince 's eldest child , born in 2005 .	3	4	VBP	are	is
since these batteries are expensive , i would get a good NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
other common JJ complaints , including NN , NN and mild NN are less serious and rarely require NN of NN .	3	12	VBP	are	is
the NNP line operates from the JJ terminus of NNP railway station south to NNP NNP , NNP , and la NNP , and west to NNP along broad gauge lines built by the JJ buenos aires great southern railway .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
RB , rules are often not followed , so as long as you are talking about understanding or producing speech , that would not be entirely difficult compared to russian .	2	3	VBP	are	is
baby type characters get skills with their parents .	2	3	VBP	get	gets
in the fall of 2011 , she announced that she would not be seeking NN after the current term ends in 2012 .	18	19	VBZ	ends	end
the NN process starts after the arrival of the secondary treated water from the collection basin to the NNP building , which contains 5 trains containing CD filter units in total .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
i think that neither would anyone else ) to read and VB the entire CD NNP article for grammar mistakes , but i think that the lead says it all .	26	27	VBZ	says	say
the discussion is an issue the involvement of iraq and turkey in the syrian civil war .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the input stream receives a new parameter , the skeleton program is processed to obtain a JJ flow graph .	3	4	VBZ	receives	receive
the purpose of the meeting is to establish a list of candidates for the village 's board .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the photo is from the collection of matt edwards , and was made available over the web by the coast defense study group .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article seems to be VBG the assertion that the number of scholars having this belief is small .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
it also occurs VBZ the call comes , at least in my case .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
some critics even include the film on their lists of worst films .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the general rule , as NNP says , is that the established style should be kept .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the architecture industry uses them to create models of proposed buildings and landscapes .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
most weapons give off heat when fired , indicated by a heating gauge .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
task structure , referring to the extent to which group tasks are clear and structured .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the view that the NNP NN is concerned with three related subjects , instead , leaves more room to NNS into the dates of the respective JJ portions .	1	15	VBZ	leaves	leave
an excellent use of our gfdl license , i am JJ that the creators of this site have taken effort to preserve the editing history of the articles , and made sure that the user links lead back to the original user pages .	35	36	VBP	lead	leads
the school he started with 60 students is now the top most school of NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
an NN boy from the neighbourhood tea NN identifies r .	2	8	VBZ	identifies	identify
new songs such as `` almost NNP '' , `` get to you '' and `` murder at the disco '' show a significant change in style .	16	21	VBZ	show	shows
the term JJ helmet ' is an exception , as it was employed by NNP it is therefore of contemporary usage .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN influence is evident in much of the music of the clash and the NNP , for example .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the miami JJ track , produced by the black mob , has NNP making some serious demands on her men in a slow and steady florida flow .	3	11	VBZ	has	have
leaders of both countries have been meeting on the NNS of some of the international forums of which both the nations are part of such as the united nations and the JJ movement .	20	21	VBP	are	is
a complete list of NNP 's CD printed papers is in NNP ( 1896 ) .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
this image is a cover of NNP plain , the debut album by the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the upper surface of the lateral part presents an oval NN , the JJ NN , which VBZ the NN canal and is sometimes crossed by an JJ NN for the NN , NN , and JJ NNS .	2	7	VBZ	presents	present
one such project is the creation of a JJ NN by a team of canadian students under the guidance of NNP staff developers .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
even if the results are modest , this can VB JJ social movements and their focus on social justice and NN ; and instead spread JJ ideas based on JJ NN , racism , NN , NN and NN amongst NNS activists .	3	4	VBP	are	is
some theories concerning king arthur make him a leader in this area .	1	5	VBP	make	makes
the NNS are NN with the aforementioned four black bands each .	1	2	VBP	are	is
her previous husband , NNP NNP , is the father of her daughter , NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
because her father always pays the NN , no matter how large , NNP has been kidnapped many times .	2	4	VBZ	pays	pay
the main comic book is VBN like any other comic .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; 23 children or 5 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the us 12 '' version is unusual in that the pattern of beats in the song produces a JJ NN effect in the vinyl .	10	16	VBZ	produces	produce
a street posting box is available at near the opposite side of the street .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in short , each user contributes to the NN and is able to select NN based on individual interests .	4	5	VBZ	contributes	contribute
united kingdom relations date back to the 19th century .	2	3	VBP	date	dates
a long-term field study of the green NN , NNP NN , provides support for this hypothesis .	3	12	VBZ	provides	provide
the major landmarks at NNP are west bengal state archaeology museum , NNP NNP , NNP airport , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP temple etc .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the members of the tribe are small to medium in size , and all are native to NNP , australia in particular , but also new zealand , new NNP , and nearby islands .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as NNP is not a recognised state it is neither a member of fifa nor uefa , and the team therefore is not eligible to enter either the world cup or european championship .	19	21	VBZ	is	are
the main plot is NNP 's tale about her journey to earth , the people she meets , and her journey to find the prince .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP syndrome '' ) is a JJ condition characterized by a prominent NN NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
many NNS wear the JJ NN in NNP movies .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
children as well as adults experience feelings of NN , worry , and fear when facing different situations , especially those involving new experiences .	0	5	VBP	experience	experiences
in the long term , i suggest finding more reliable sources , and VBG the cultural references into the reception , where reviewers note them .	22	23	VBP	note	notes
other sample surveys on the adult population of NNP showed that residents of some urban areas have NNP levels that are JJ times higher than reference values .	11	16	VBP	have	has
the institute is from the railway station , and from the bus stand .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for a time the advocates of jewish NN seem to have lost heart .	4	8	VBP	seem	seems
san diego , the cast VBZ NNP made up as NNS in order to pass out promotional NNS for the house of blues , where they worked as part of their season work assignment .	4	5	VBZ	attends	attend
the firm also takes the wage as given and decides how much labor to buy .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take
m inc , ) the JJ NN typically occurs in both parts of the brain and is RB based .	6	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
on arriving , he VBZ of killing her with his straight NN , but is interrupted when her lover arrives home .	18	19	VBZ	arrives	arrive
lyrics for `` the NN '' are on the other side along with individual sketches of the band members by dave jeffrey .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the local government consists of twelve elected members and a mayor .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP space is not the same definition as random variable , but involves the dual space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the same material likely exists on NNP , and i think the wikipedia and star wars communities could be best served by being redirected there for articles about things such as devices and items that are not relevant outside of star wars .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
the arms of maryland VBP the state 's historical roots , while the submarine indicates the present-day uss maryland is an JJ submarine .	13	14	VBZ	indicates	indicate
an automatic train operation system allows a single individual to operate the train .	4	5	VBZ	allows	allow
individuals are often the worst source regarding themselves , they are RB self serving , they are the perfect example of a primary and an involved source .	0	1	VBP	are	is
along with the basic principles and NNS advocated by spiritual ecology , some indigenous traditions hold the same evolutionary view VBN by the western spiritual teachers listed above .	14	15	VBP	hold	holds
a live version of `` zoo station '' from the NNP tour also appears as a b-side on the NN single for `` window in the NNS '' .	2	13	VBZ	appears	appear
in the course of the pursuit by the NNS , JJ to get hold of him again , the five children visit the secret island from the previous book again , and hide there for some time .	20	21	VBP	visit	visits
the story VBZ around the `` big shell '' , a massive offshore JJ facility that has been seized by a group of NNS that call themselves `` sons of liberty '' .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
suggested fa criteria concerns are organization ( 4 ) , NN ( CD ) , and mos issues ( 2 ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the plan VBZ out a vision for a u .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
the only thing remaining of the old competition is the three NNP cup competitions , who now function as a qualifying round to the NNP cup .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the melody lines are nearly identical and RB they are similar , although the latter has an extra bar in the NN , giving it nine bars .	2	3	VBP	are	is
oppose , nearly every article has at least one information box .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
in the NNP area in NNP agency , more than 600 NNP families still reside .	12	14	VBP	reside	resides
the diesel engines which NNP group previously manufactured and installed are in the list of discontinued NNP group diesel engines article .	2	10	VBP	are	is
note this is just nine days old .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP does not attempt to explain why style is the form in which resistance and NN NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
a giant version exists in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the NNP knights are now only two , NNP VBG herself as the most powerful of the NNP knights claims she would defeat NNP , NNP claims that if NNP could defeat NNP he would n't `` .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the border runs from the NNP NNP to NNP NNP , reaching an altitude of 2 , CD metres at valley floor .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
RB VBN purple NN is acceptable substitute when NN NNS are not available .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the women wear the NN or NN or NN , VBP NN or a closed NN and the heavy NN or NN and the NN or JJ NN on the head .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
some ways of scoring trees also include a `` cost '' associated with particular types of evolutionary events and attempt to locate the tree with the smallest total cost .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
so in CD 20 verse 4 it says the cloth that was around jesus head was folded up and place in the same area where his head would of been .	4	7	VBZ	says	say
smoking is a risk factor , although alcohol use is not .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
blue line uses a fleet of 2 NNP NNP and NNP douglas NNP for longer NN services , with the NNP being used for the longest range services .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
both partners are JJ of the time and bond shared by the NNS , especially shown in NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
items are never found within these NNS , and the points are doubled if the player has the `` 2 '' item in their inventory .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
films in this genre include american NNP 2 and even wedding NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
a senior minister from NNP region admitted that even if facts were known , they were n't likely to reveal since the issue is JJ .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the stakes are raised when their NN friend NNP NNP is murdered and her NN RB challenges the police to rescue his hostage .	14	16	VBZ	challenges	challenge
the school has a designated speech and language centre that serves NNP pupils with statements of special educational needs .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the idea is that people did travel less when foreign country names were first learned .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a bad NN is very unlikely to result in a JJ or JJ situation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to local NN , the name `` NNP NNP '' is a hebrew NN for teacher , clerk , and author , reflecting the JJ population of the early years .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the mass of the NNP NN is proportional to h , so the NNP NN becomes RB massive and NNS , so is not present in the discussion .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
article needs NN , but extremely prominent club in milwaukee ; membership alone makes it notable .	11	13	VBZ	makes	make
the difference in NN current is several orders of magnitude .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
relatives also say that the soldiers were held under guard for almost two days , although an army NN VBZ the claim .	0	2	VBP	say	says
the fact that a rape might be important in a particular story is irrelevant .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
controlled by two by gates , the tunnel has a capacity of per second .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the house was entirely rebuilt in the early part of the twentieth century , and , RB , no trace remains of the house which anna NNP would have known .	19	20	VBZ	remains	remain
the term is an NN of the hindi word NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
article titles are to be rendered as they are usually in english .	1	2	VBP	are	is
contracts that VBP `` unlimited '' data usage often have limits detailed in a fair usage policy .	0	9	VBP	have	has
route CD is a numbered state highway in the u .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
ok so CD sports NNS is surely a big enough number to justify having something designed for purpose not a general organisations template .	21	22	VBP	template	templates
services also go as far VBN as NNP , south shields , NNP , newcastle , stanley and durham .	0	2	VBP	go	goes
users also RB remove warnings right away when the warning is wrong .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
also , at first the music video is of low NN , but towards the end , a light hits the camera and the colors become more JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the main highway from the malaysian border west of NNP NNP to NNP town passes south of the municipality .	2	14	VBZ	passes	pass
NNP , the live action version features NNP performing the song on guitar on a NN river bank , VBN with scenes of a grandmother and several different NNS VBG the scenes described in the song .	5	6	VBZ	features	feature
sources may have been VBN , which could end lives directly or RB , intelligence operations may have been VBN , and the plans of the government that should not have seen light for many years are now in the open .	23	36	VBP	are	is
JJ NN , NNP 's other characters rely more heavily on language .	6	7	VBP	rely	relies
an important work of art is the 16th century sculpture of the NNP preserved in the church of san NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
our main aim is to VB the western australian flora and the principles of flora conservation outline how we think this should be achieved .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think that the candidates of specific parties are a viable encyclopedia topic .	4	8	VBP	are	is
evidence shows that the life skills acquired in social development programmes can reduce involvement in violence , improve social skills , boost educational achievement and improve job NNS .	0	1	VBZ	shows	show
if populations are discovered , the planning branch states that the local habitat needs to be protected from modification and potential collecting , and some kind of monitoring for this NN should be initiated .	12	13	VBZ	needs	need
the site includes documentary films produced by national geographic and pbs and titles such as super size me , the times of harvey milk and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the union 's JJ officer is the president , elected for a term of one NN , who VBZ the union 's daily affairs and provides leadership in any given NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
she also states that the use of NNS implies trust - that we have to trust the NNS not to do data mining ( this is correct ) .	5	8	VBZ	implies	imply
both practitioners use a single long sword .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
NNP district is famous for the NNP , NNP and sri NNP temples .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you VBP the game into the NN and then VB the NN into the box where the game goes .	17	18	VBZ	goes	go
since the effect is also JJ it is used as a means to detect VBG in those VBG hearing loss .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he believes that this event is a great opportunity for his students to present their works as composers .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the first act takes place outside a spa overlooking a NN .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
ok lets go for weak delete as it fail to demonstrate notability in licensed country like france .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
the foundation ( NNP ) is an active one .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
unless the husband of the bride , that is NNP , returns her before the month is up , then all of NNP would be saved , except for her husband who must die .	2	11	VBZ	returns	return
NNS has also emerged as an important technology in the JJ search for NNS ; however , significant technical difficulties remain .	19	20	VBP	remain	remains
reactions with other NNS , such as carbon , nitrogen , NN , silicon , and hydrogen , are generally JJ and proceed upon heating .	0	18	VBP	are	is
two plays of the medieval NNP NNP cycle contain an account of the flight into egypt , and the one found in the NNP NNP contains the only dramatic representation of the return from egypt .	1	8	VBP	contain	contains
then you must head back upstream to the starting point and the next team does not start until the team finishing reaches a point close to the start NN .	19	21	VBZ	reaches	reach
members of the NNP family still attend the church services .	0	6	VBP	attend	attends
the NNP method bases its cost flow on the JJ order NNS are made , while the NNP method bases it cost flow in a reverse JJ order .	2	3	VBZ	bases	base
JJ NNS include international award winner , big a NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP , a black NNP named for craft NN pioneer greg NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the people VBG the NNP district are predominantly JJ farmers VBG mainly food and cash crops such as rice , VB , wheat , NNS , NNS , NN and vegetables .	1	6	VBP	are	is
if NNS are different NNS the only possible duel is knowledge .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the star has a total proper motion of 0 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the city has almost of NN along the NNP river , and an atlantic NN on which the JJ neighborhoods of hills beach , NNP pool , NNP rocks and granite point are located .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNP programs do not VB computer problems not due to memory ; a problem due to a cpu or NN problem is likely to make NNP crash .	14	22	VBZ	is	are
as of 2005 the population is 2 CD .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
every deck has three ( 3 ) NNS and they are places at the bottom of the deck between mixing of the cards and the beginning of the game .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's ancestors also include german NNS frederick iii and william i , danish king christian ix , greek king george i , and russian emperor nicholas i .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
subject is not , to me , special .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
generally , these topics are NNS of the main west virginia article , vital for the understanding of west virginia or extremely notable to people outside of west virginia .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i think the article is still quite JJ NN , but then i 've spent the past six months getting to know every NN and NN of the topic well in depth , so i probably do n't know what i 'm talking about when it comes to NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( marquis de NNP ) , VBZ that a woman is unable to become pregnant if she is VBG in intense pain during NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
retail media networks now offer considerable levels of NN in providing audience measurement techniques in the same way as traditional broadcast or print media .	2	4	VBP	offer	offers
the township has its southeastern border along the NNP where its principal town , NNP , is a port .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this way , if the problem is either the specific hardware , or the manufacturer 's drivers , you 've replaced both , and should have a decent test bed for comparison .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the many fish species that live in the NNP , the river is also home to other wildlife including NN , NN eagles , NNS , and various species of NNS , some who winter in michigan .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
however , on the way to the meeting , NNP is killed by a car bomb , for which a west german JJ group claims responsibility .	23	24	VBZ	claims	claim
the most important crop is rice , while other important products are cotton and NN .	10	11	VBP	are	is
your usage of edit summaries is JJ though .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the music video consists of my chemical romance RB VBD into a room where they play their instruments in very little color .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
its seat is the settlement NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in may 2012 it was agreed that newport county football club would VB from newport stadium and play its home NNS at NNP parade in an initial three-year deal , the first time that the stadium would host association football matches on a regular basis .	32	40	VBZ	matches	match
the most JJ building in the cadet area is the JJ cadet chapel .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the african methodist NN includes other major churches such as the first a .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
polish but my friend has confirmed that the sources above are correct and this is well known in poland .	8	10	VBP	are	is
newport railway station serves the village of newport in essex , england .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
perhaps the best way to state our differences is with a diagram of the JJ functions .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
at the comic store , NNP VBZ that there are no more issues left to help guide them , but the comic book owner tells them he heard a legend about the last 9th NNP story .	23	24	VBZ	tells	tell
the book VBZ the pressures placed on the birth mother by family , adoption agencies , and society at large to give up the child for adoption , and the long-term psychological consequences for this event on her .	1	2	VBZ	examines	examine
i have just demonstrated that your JJ JJ opinions are not worth the NNS they are written in .	8	9	VBP	are	is
fuller state park , the location includes a museum and important JJ sites .	5	6	VBZ	includes	include
but a page ban for a day even is not appropriate .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
it can be played almost anywhere on short notice ( provided the NN are at hand ) , and games are quick to complete .	19	20	VBP	are	is
moreover , see this google search for evidence that the term is almost always used to refer to terrorism related to the NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the product database offers NN , search and compare features .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the most recent NNP bowl winners are sir james NNP ( winner of the northern bowl ) , notre dame ( winner of the golden NNP bowl ) , st .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the attraction of insects to artificial light is one of the most well known examples of the effect of light at night on organisms .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
if it has a long history , notable members and matches , then i think the club itself is notable .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
more mountains dominate the northeast and the central part are NNS .	1	2	VBP	dominate	dominates
an NN relates that the painting , JJ by name or letter of instructions , was delivered to benjamin west ( whom mrs .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
the return of NNP seems to have VBN the NN of NNP NNP , who was consul , CD bc and is said to have desired the command of the province in which NNP was VBG NN .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the objectives of the NNP project are to enhance the JJ warfare capabilities and to meet the operational requirements of the turkish navy .	1	6	VBP	are	is
also called the NNP , the book is the basis and an integral part of the jewish celebration of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the song is about speed , and was inspired by michael monroe wild behavior as a child .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
actually no , a redirect is entirely different from a disambiguation page .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
manufacturers employ a variety of technologies to reduce or VB these NNS , such as engine balance NNS , rubber engine NNS , and NN NNS .	0	1	VBP	employ	employs
the mine is circular with a distinctive JJ shape .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they language of the population of NN speaks the language central atlas NNP .	1	7	VBZ	speaks	speak
in telecommunications , the term VBG means JJ phone call NNP information exchange , for example of telephone numbers .	4	6	VBZ	means	mean
the main settlement on the peninsula is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
because this page has little relevance to the project , and because it is highly offensive , i oppose NN or a move to a NN of wikiproject anime and manga .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the comic books and NNP are VBN in NNP toy sets and are also available on the fisher price planet heroes website the dvd episodes are JJ .	24	25	VBP	are	is
flowers occur on the upper branches in a scattered fashion .	0	1	VBP	occur	occurs
the area is still largely rural in character and landscape , VBG a RB elevated position which is VBN by the high NNP landscape trail .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if you are going to VB that these links are citations and not external links - then they need to VB by the guidelines ( which you continually cite ) for references .	8	9	VBP	are	is
if any editor subsequently finds information giving rise to the NN of notability for the subject of this article , it can be recreated later .	2	4	VBZ	finds	find
the book in question is a study of a book NNP , which is written by NNP in CD a .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this challenge corresponds to a resolution of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
often , starting at the beginning to VB such a trend when the technical NNS just begin to drop often produces the greatest results .	14	16	VBP	begin	begins
after he learns her secret , he agrees to help NNP during the day when her vampire family is unable to watch over her .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the island has two landing strips suitable for landing small planes on the island .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP block is a revenue block in the NNP district of tamil nadu , india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in south africa , where hiv infection is JJ , alcohol NNS exposed themselves to double the risk of this infection .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if you want to VB your apartment to potential NNS the place to do so is on your own web site .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
web , and the attempt at outside NN is JJ JJ .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
if we find a certain disease is more prevalent in a certain population , looking at what that population VBZ , for both NNS and NN , is key to VBG the problem .	18	19	VBZ	eats	eat
NNP nation people travel long distances from all directions to participate in the NN ceremonies and to VB the young .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels
many people remember their JJ passion for NNP NNP the way they remember JJ NN parties .	1	2	VBP	remember	remembers
often a station has an official mandate to keep NNS in touch with the home country .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the article says that they are as bad for your health as regular NNS .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
a new student , chase collins , arrives at NNP from california , and he is a champion swimmer .	2	7	VBZ	arrives	arrive
NNP parish ( ) is an administrative unit in the western part of the NNP municipality , latvia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this particular climb has many outstanding views .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP games almost always provide a side bet called insurance , which may be played when dealer 's NN is an ace .	1	4	VBP	provide	provides
the theatre department offers varying programs including NNP ( NNS ) , NNP , rock house , and coffee house .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the first seal is broken and the first of the four living creatures introduces a white horse whose crowned rider , equipped with a bow , goes out to VB .	19	26	VBZ	goes	go
i remember as a kid in new york state that used to air these commercials saying `` not me not now what smart kids say about sex '' trying to VB kids and teenagers not to have sex .	23	24	VBP	say	says
this last time , his medical records show that the cancer had VBN to his liver and beyond .	6	7	VBP	show	shows
finally , the collapse of a few walls and part of the roof of the NNS seems to have VBN the end for the complex some time in the JJ period .	3	16	VBZ	seems	seem
the JJ syndrome often presents with NN .	2	4	VBZ	presents	present
many services are available to residents in italian , in addition to english language and french .	1	2	VBP	are	is
traditions like this and linguistic NNS with the NNP dialect of JJ language spoken in NNP and the standard NNP dialect , compared with the southern JJ dialects in which JJ features are more JJ suggest that NNP was principally settled by settlers from NNP or northern NNS .	31	32	VBP	are	is
this NN is not surprising , given their inability to detect any problem of NN with the JJ regime in afghanistan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since 1988 , the former spa hotel in NNP serves as the educational facility for the 300 plus students at the college of applied sciences .	6	9	VBZ	serves	serve
if any information in the article is potentially harmful to mr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ fit this definition and NNP deserves to be VBN ( and have an article ) .	1	6	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the purpose of the continuous harassment is not totally clear , but it might have something to do with the pa 's declared NN against NNP and any of its NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
examples of stages include the throne room , torture chamber and the ghost ship .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the park is part of the first phases of the kolkata riverside NNP project .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for example , united states diplomatic plates have the NNP letters , which in arabic reads NNP from right to left .	6	7	VBP	have	has
a NN is performed comparing the NNP to the NNP ( many online NNS are available for free ) to determine the actual NNP that was produced .	13	14	VBP	are	is
her secret is that she thinks that other people think she is JJ around the office .	8	9	VBP	think	thinks
a telephone exchange is a telephone system located at service centers ( central offices ) responsible for a small geographic area that provided the switching or NN of two or more individual NN lines for calls made between them , rather than requiring direct lines between JJ stations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
letter NNP last chapter is about a more ambitious project that NNP started with student gary NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
prisoners are sometimes intentionally housed with inmates known to have VBN other prisoners , or protection from known NNS may be RB VBN from the prisoners .	0	1	VBP	are	is
if one community is on a JJ system and the neighboring community is on a conventional system , a talk group or NN may be designated to communicate with the other community .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are variable in size , mostly long but occasionally just or as much as long .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when the local school VBZ them to design and manage a kitchen garden , the whole community learns that a little garden can go a long way .	3	4	VBZ	invites	invite
anyone can edit and admins are sick of protecting , therefore the person who has the most free time to waste will win the JJ ( by being on the internet 20 hours a day ) .	4	5	VBP	are	is
a longer time period gives us a better chance to observe how he VBZ with others and to see how he VBZ NN .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give
google search VBZ only 77 results .	1	2	VBZ	yields	yield
code banks in the home NN are usually JJ , or even JJ if they contain no constant data , but all activities will have the right to VB them .	1	6	VBP	are	is
utility NNS are a major provider of water services , especially in small towns and rural areas private NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ chamber is similar to a cloud chamber in application and basic principle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this latest work is a NN of NNP NNS and related phenomena , including crop circles , alien NNS , NNS and deaths in an attempt to VB any kind of meaningful overall pattern .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when NN VBZ the horizon , NNS use artificial NNS , which are JJ levels reflected into a NN .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
the general method of VBG NNS is still effective here .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
close relatives of the gulf JJ snake are the JJ JJ snake ( regina VBP NN ) and the delta JJ snake ( regina VBP NN ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is
this specific battle is impossible to win , as shots fired by the player do not deal damage .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia is JJ and that the paris urban area is not JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the current open cut operation dates back to 1995 .	4	5	VBZ	dates	date
if the birds are well enough to return to the wild they are released , otherwise they are kept in the zoo .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the route covers almost 50 miles .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the component library manager holds models for real life devices ( e .	3	4	VBZ	holds	hold
its primary focus is to teach NNS to move through the water RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
employees sit in an open community , where they can wave to teammates for a quick question , share a NN , or VB an idea off the ceo .	0	1	VBP	sit	sits
the museum NN also serves as a base for the society 's rail operations .	2	4	VBZ	serves	serve
though the kerala government provides the funding and support for the academy , the administration of the academy is autonomous according to its constitution .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
uncle tom 's children has its full share of violence and NN ; violent deaths occur in three stories and the mob goes to work in all four .	14	15	VBP	occur	occurs
to the first question the answer is it depends .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the VBG party has the right to fashion the arrangements , including search at a nearby port , under which passage of humanitarian goods is permitted .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the only catch is that NNP can not be involved with the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the german language used by prussian NNP belongs to the low prussian dialect of low german , NNP des NNS VBP .	2	18	VBZ	des	de
the shield to the power alignment is a type of bomb weapon that VBZ the ship in a ring of NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
isbn then the wikipedia template filling is JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the only alternative is to require every NN to be a NN engineer ; or to require that every program is VBN and certified to only run on trusted hardware NNS , VBG that no configuration could ever run out of memory .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it also is the first style to really incorporate linked fa jin striking , whereas styles such as NNP NN chi NN , NNP , and NNP tend to use singular or dual fa jin strikes .	15	27	VBP	tend	tends
the society is an affiliated , non-profit special interest group associated with the national space society .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original driving force behind this race is alex NNP of edmonton , who was the first north american NN to wear the yellow jersey in the tour de france .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the title is comparable to spain 's catholic and france 's most christian majesty .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the direct cause of the reduced habitat is partly due to improvement of land management practices and control of fire in the NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
that demonstrates that the information is not of encyclopedic value , and should be omitted even if RB true .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at the moment the script has some bugs and not every error on this page is an actual error .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
princess of wales ( ) is a british courtesy title held by the wife of the prince of wales since the first JJ prince of wales in CD .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
most sources say that it was during this period of time ( circa 1879 ) that he created what came to be known as the phillips code .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the goals of france NNP are to provide french courses abroad , to achieve all these projects , the universities will created a summer program in embedded systems and a master in NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this enzyme is a member of the NN NNP family and is similar to JJ NNS , which VBP the JJ NN from JJ NNS and JJ proteins .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first major port they reach is NNP , where the women , led by their queen NNP , have recently murdered all their NNS , including NNS , sons , brothers and fathers .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
as the name suggests , the character is female , and is a JJ working of the robin hood story in which the NN VBZ banks with the assistance of a gang of teenage girls and then VBZ the wealth .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
fusion reactions are much more JJ per unit mass of fuel than NN reactions , but starting the fusion chain reaction is much more difficult .	1	2	VBP	are	is
their strip ( uniform ) colours are NN and white .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNP 's other line extends from midland east to bay city , and then south , through NNP to NNP .	3	4	VBZ	extends	extend
NNP 's daughter , NNP NNP , resides in switzerland , has visited ukraine several times , and has been honored for her historical writings .	2	7	VBZ	resides	reside
another similarity with the NN is the narrow head , which might indicate a selective diet consisting of NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
it depends on where you download it from and what their stand on the matter is , most will let you create a normal cd version but some wo n't , VBG the track to your pc or an NNP player .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
larger mammals such as humans and horses are usually JJ hosts or play a minor role in JJ transmission , however in the case of NNP VBP VBZ the virus is mainly VBN in horses .	1	7	VBP	are	is
entire awards section ( a JJ 4 sentences ) sounds like a JJ auto commercial with the NNP NNP commodore ss also claimed motor magazine 's 2006 bang for your NNS award for best value performance car .	2	9	VBZ	sounds	sound
this finding reveals no significant difference between roman catholic institutions and other institutions .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the head is pretty similar to that of the common NN ; but the animal has long black hair , and likewise a long tail , with strong NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
how the protein reaches this structure is the subject of the field of protein NN , which has a related NN called NNP 's NN .	2	3	VBZ	reaches	reach
the size of the NN is only 1 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other villages in NNP include NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the other one also seems a bit trivial .	2	4	VBZ	seems	seem
NNS believe that in order to win or succeed , any NN or terrorist campaign must first transform into something more than a NN or terrorist movement .	0	1	VBP	believe	believes
the summer school aims to enable the students to improve their english and to develop academic and social skills .	2	3	VBZ	aims	aim
the orchestra performs a JJ series at alice NNP hall , lincoln center and is recognized for programs which VBP an international array of contemporary works with JJ compositions by the great masters .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform
the cross , erected by the scouts in time of national NN after the polish air force NNP crash before the presidential palace in warsaw VBZ .	1	25	VBZ	disappears	disappear
the laws define all aspects of the game , including what may be changed to suit local competitions and leagues .	1	2	VBP	define	defines
the serbian language comprises several dialects , the standard language is based on the JJ dialect .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
this count is proportional to the soil 's water content , since the hydrogen in this water ( NNP ) is responsible for almost all the hydrogen found in most soils .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however if the population is substantially VBN and the sample size is at most moderate , the NN provided by the central limit theorem can be poor , and the resulting confidence interval will likely have the wrong coverage probability .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
set in a future when humanity has forgotten its origins in earth , the novel describes the political equations and power struggle between the emperor , a JJ group , a JJ computer named the NNP and the lord commander .	14	15	VBZ	describes	describe
however , these facts relate almost entirely to his career as a NN and the plays contain few clear and JJ NNS about his personal beliefs or his private life .	3	4	VBP	relate	relates
the form in which NNP grey is published now is the revised 1853 edition , which was severely VBN and , according to critic NNP burton , lost much of the NN and NN of the 1826 edition .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
although the exterior of the NNP du NNP is rough and relatively JJ , the NNS took care to ensure that the interior of the water NN was as smooth as possible so that the flow of water would not be VBN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the album 's title comes from the lyrics to the latter .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
some NNS create window displays , while others go further , VBG authors of banned and challenged materials to come speak at their stores , as well as funding annual essay contests about freedom of expression .	1	2	VBP	create	creates
this unique master aims to overcome NNS of language and culture in the field of international law .	2	3	VBZ	aims	aim
in this instance , and to my scientific brain , the duck test fails due to JJ NN .	12	13	VBZ	fails	fail
the present day NNP central college is a result of evolution over one hundred years .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in the example address CD the most significant NN is CD ( NN ) , the binary form of which is CD , where the JJ bit is 1 .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are atp and NN , whereas its two products are NNP and NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is
a modern example is the NNP screen in the NNP cathedral , made by george gilbert scott in 1862 in a variety of metals where brass VBZ ( cf .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several theater companies in hawaii produce plays written and performed in NNP .	2	5	VBP	produce	produces
has n't seen references in several years and a google search turns up nothing of interest .	10	11	VBZ	turns	turn
a swimming hole is a place in a river , stream , creek , spring , or similar natural body of water , which is large enough and deep enough for a person to swim in .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
also , the majority of your nominating statement is not relevant -- everything after the first sentence -- and should be struck .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the college is now simply called CD college ' instead of JJ NNP and computing college ' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is successful , although while the portal to the zone is open the NNS are forced to drive back the entity NNP , who attempts to escape the zone .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
this technique is important in the identification of the true JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this support includes assistance in completing the application process , applying for NNS and financial aid , and having access to an assigned education specialist who is available to help the student find resources which address other NNS to education .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
early signs often include NN of tongue and mouth muscles , NNS , and gradually increasing NN of NN muscles with muscle NN .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the opening credits state , `` the sounds of the NN are by boris NNP .	7	11	VBP	are	is
and your VBN personal attack is ridiculous .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
if the accused believes , RB but RB , that his person or property is in danger , his conduct in defence of it is not private defence .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
he also discovered that JJ objects would VB each other and that JJ objects attract .	13	14	VBP	attract	attracts
the answer appears to be that they use mostly metric ( to avoid confusion when working alongside allied forces ) , but with some exceptions .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
police vehicles for riot control often have the regular glass replaced with NN to protect the NNS from thrown objects .	1	6	VBP	have	has
another article on this band exists .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist
NNP NNP has only changed the speech VBZ to more dirty speech , the pictures are intact , in some cases it 's entire stories .	14	15	VBP	are	is
set in the 21st century , the board game begins with the NN that during the cold war , nuclear NNS destroyed much of the middle east 's supply of oil .	8	9	VBZ	begins	begin
the NNP road is a road in england which runs from the city of leicester to the market town of NNP in NNP via the towns of NNP and rugby .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the river was badly VBN by NN of industry and population centers along the river , but since 1980s the river has been starting to recover and currently the river sees also recreational use like fishing and water sports .	29	30	VBZ	sees	see
the family name NNP is NNP in vietnamese .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
RB , this record comes from an area where NNP NN NN also occurs , suggesting these NNS are JJ , or at least nearly so ( based on data from photographs of b .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the NNP 's wing has an area of and is equipped with NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
if a man claims to be a great roman leader , he is called a NN .	2	3	VBZ	claims	claim
prince of waterloo is a dutch rank of nobility , held by the duke of wellington .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP cuisine makes extensive use fish , JJ and NNS of which there are plenty of varieties growing in the archipelago 's different islands .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the song also features two JJ lions , the creation of which , according to NNP NNP , is a professional secret .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
i do see that the organization exists , and that it may in the future be notable by wikipedia standards .	5	6	VBZ	exists	exist
the principal debt may be intended to be a secure future NN , in which case it will be suspended until that NN VBZ .	22	23	VBZ	arises	arise
RB , this NN form is often effective because in a large organization , the original reason for an activity can be long forgotten , similar to NNS which came into use in the CD , but eventually had no useful purpose and became NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in july 2006 he argued that `` nuclear weapons are RB less important in our foreign policy than they were in the days of the cold war '' and `` i do n't think we need nuclear weapons any longer '' .	8	9	VBP	are	is
it is not known how many individuals exist , as only 11 have been recorded alive .	6	7	VBP	exist	exists
popular for skiing and NNP , this tourist destination offers amazing views of the snow JJ peaks of the JJ NNP range .	8	9	VBZ	offers	offer
as of 1986 the school holds an annual fair .	4	5	VBZ	holds	hold
the team plays at NNP field ( 2 , 800 seats ) and is coached by austin davis .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
only the primary NNP port needs to be connected , but if both ports are connected they become a redundant NN .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
friend of the sea is an international JJ organization which seeks to VB the marine NN by working with fisheries and fish companies .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
unrelated to VBG discussion ) the initial CD block is JJ , but can not be considered a mistake .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
his appearance is that of a spider , but he can take any shape , including that of a human .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
blp , and ( c ) the editor works within behavioral guidelines to build a consensus with other contributors consistent with those policies .	7	8	VBZ	works	work
the village has only about JJ blocks of sandy streets going inland from the sea and is only about JJ streets wide .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
is there a source that says this information is incorrect , out of context , does not reflect the consensus of all newspapers etc .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the gravity model VBZ the NN relationships between places ( say homes and NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
his histories of northwestern people are valuable for modern day folk because they show the opinions of the time , which differ from the opinions of our own .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the major classification for finding law cases is the west american NNP system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
although her relationship with lee NNP reflects this aspect of her personality , NNP is also revealed as a firm NN and an JJ individual in her relationship with NNP , who is the p .	2	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
poverty in the developed world is often one of perception ; people compare their wealth with neighbours and wider society , not with their ancestors or those in foreign countries .	11	12	VBP	compare	compares
the JJ district includes all or part of NNP , crest hill , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
NN VBZ that this mission is more important than his mission to NNP because NN is a matter of supreme NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
unlike the NNP , clubs in the football league do not get relegated if the club fails to obtain a license .	15	16	VBZ	fails	fail
the quoted text is from their latest visit .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
items include pepper NN , NN guns , emergency NN NNS , work boots and more .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
other names in common use include JJ NN VBZ a NN , JJ JJ NN , JJ JJ NN , JJ NN , and JJ NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
fair use rationale for the NNP ( novel ) and NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this VBN elsewhere allows us to construct a broader understanding of the world , where our immediate community is not the only lens that serves us the construction of this concept .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in 2008 , her debut album sea NNP VBD the single `` NNP '' , a choice music prize nomination , two NNP music awards nominations and a mercury prize nomination .	4	5	VBZ	album	album
i agree and NNS why i jumped in to the editing but the editors who dont seem to want to allow the material have protected the page .	13	16	VBP	seem	seems
the problem i have is not with NNP 's itself , but with VBG actual texts afterwards ( including when the texts use forms that i know from NNP 's , but not with confidence ) .	21	22	VBP	use	uses
overall dimensions are in width by in length .	1	2	VBP	are	is
wind energy is one of the fastest growing energy technologies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they include compression and NN of data block by block using NN at sending and receiving ends , and support for NNS such as NN that enables JJ transmission of JJ and efficient differential data using NN algorithm .	19	26	VBZ	enables	enable
its head office is in montreal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as its common english name suggests , its long , white fur has a JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
so , unless someone can VB sources now , the article has really little chance to expand .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the company recently turned its attention to the video game space where its technology forms the basis of a unique input mechanism that enables new JJ game experiences .	13	14	VBZ	forms	form
july 2006 user admits to 3rr violation before 4th listed revert .	2	3	VBZ	admits	admit
basque NN NNS kill NN NNS ( NNS ) in an NN of tobacco leaves before VBG them in NN water for transportation to market as NNS , a seasonal NN .	2	3	VBP	kill	kills
some sources say that the meeting between bruce and douglas took place on the crown of scotland hill .	1	2	VBP	say	says
nearly all articles within the scope of christianity are also within the scope of this new NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is
while social security is portrayed as an NN ' program , some people believe the program is effectively JJ , especially at lower NNS levels .	12	13	VBP	believe	believes
additionally , acts such as the planning act , the NNP resource act and the ontario NNP act are also implemented when specific NNS occur during archaeological NNS .	23	24	VBP	occur	occurs
as a NN of language , the written word is the most JJ to control .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
each year , the supervision authorities deal with CD to CD complaints about these services and rights .	5	6	VBP	deal	deals
NNS must not be too basic in order to avoid excessive NN with the lewis acid ; JJ NNS such as NN , NN , and NN VBP slowly or not at all under NNP conditions ( although their JJ NNS VBP more rapidly ) .	40	41	VBP	react	reacts
here , the character is renamed henry NNP ( a later film shows his NN bearing the name `` heinrich '' ) and is played by british actor colin NNP opposite boris NNP as the creature .	11	12	VBZ	shows	show
the two roads remain alongside for the next few miles as the east branch VBZ into NNP reservoir .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
the yard is at denver industrial estate , ferry lane , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the company color is a bright orange ( NNP CD , NNP CD , NNP NNP ) , on signs , equipment and employee NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
higher education is almost JJ of , although certain universities in egypt and south africa have excellent NNS .	9	15	VBP	have	has
the zoo hosts academic NNS and student research at the NNP center , located in a facility inside the main entrance .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
men fear that they will speak while sleeping and reveal their secret names .	0	1	VBP	fear	fears
because of the narrow , JJ shape of the NN in which these drops occur and the lack of public access , they are rarely noted .	13	14	VBP	occur	occurs
the request was dismissed by hitler , who , pointing to an earlier success in a similar situation at NNP , demanded that the JJ formations stand fast while the NNP NNP from the north and 20th VBN division from the south JJ to open the NN .	25	26	VBP	stand	stands
the NNS appear at or near the tips of the branches and each holds one to seven bright NN flowers .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the NNS also allow the article to be read on two levels ; casual readers can VB over them , but they are useful information for scholars and other JJ readers .	1	3	VBP	allow	allows
these carriers make several daily scheduled flights , weather NN .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
factors VBG NN include the presence or absence and quality of NNS , NNS or other JJ NN , traffic and road conditions , land use patterns , building NN , and safety , among others .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
velocity measurement of blood flow in NNS and NNS based on NNP effect is an effective tool for diagnosis of JJ problems like NN .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
cooperative social relationships contribute to develop individual who is the real measure of social progress .	2	3	VBP	contribute	contributes
the program allows users to send the finished cartoons to friends through email or save it onto a hard drive or a JJ disk .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
anyway , i 'd say that among those people who RB use the internet - and i think wikipedians fit that description by default - the majority knows at least enough english to get by .	21	27	VBZ	knows	know
the primary issue with all legislative proposals is whether the congress has the constitutional authority to grant the district voting representation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
however , the effects of NNP on JJ NNS are still largely JJ .	3	9	VBP	are	is
consequently , the image that was briefly traced out by the main gun continues to be displayed after it has occurred .	3	13	VBZ	continues	continue
this image is in the public domain because its copyright has expired in the united states and those countries with a copyright term of life of the author plus 70 years or less .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
environmental standards are JJ criteria that specify a maximum acceptable mercury concentration for different media , based on scientific or JJ criteria .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although everyone thinks it is a miracle , the truth is she VBD to she could have some time to find a NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the work depicts NNP cook , a `` respected camden vocalist .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
the members of the group all come from NNP and NNP NNP counties .	1	6	VBP	come	comes
the park features JJ areas , a NNS stand along with several small rides including the NNP park NNP , train , and NN boats .	7	8	VBP	stand	stands
NNP NNS michael to invite his parents to his next play , although his father is RB JJ of his homosexuality .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
all these smaller attacks VBP me of smaller NNS before a massive earthquake .	3	4	VBP	remind	reminds
JJ championship NNP children , the NNP warriors are manga how much the spirits VBP , than for before the time they compete in an official championship with of the mini CD that NNP had not produced .	7	8	VBP	are	is
this case demonstrates the confusion of the set of legal procedures in place regarding appeals .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the area is and there were 2 , CD residents in 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the material is too extensive to be treated properly in the general state article , and it ; s important part of the necessary information about any state or similar entity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article about an internationally acclaimed film appears like a JJ fish , but has the potential to become great like a dragon .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
the most common , passive NN NNS , are small point of use units used under three NN NNS within the kitchen .	6	8	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP tracks tend to focus on steadily building energy throughout , using changes in percussion patterns and more JJ and JJ JJ parts as the music VBZ in order to build a JJ and intense feel .	2	3	VBP	tend	tends
in information theory , a relay channel is a probability model of the communication between a NN and a receiver aided by one or more intermediate relay nodes .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the main access point to the islands is at NNP an NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of CD ( 2001 ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the third reference that supports the claim is to a NNP magazine `` what we 're reading , '' article , other `` what we 're reading , '' articles found on the magazines NN do not contain reviews of the books they mention .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
to explain how withdrawn objects make contact with and relate to one another , NNP VBZ the theory of JJ NN , whereby two JJ entities meet in the interior of a third entity , existing JJ until something occurs to VB interaction .	25	26	VBP	meet	meets
the given source is not JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it should continue to be a redirect to whatever the eventual title of this article is .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
a table of contents of another five books , continuing the history to the death of leo vi the wise in CD , also exists , but whether the books were ever actually written is JJ .	1	24	VBZ	exists	exist
the term is still popular in the amateur radio community and in us federal communications commission regulations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ hotel has CD hotel rooms , and is operated by the NNP hotels group .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
only players who have participated in the previous season 's NNP championship are eligible for selection ; this makes it effectively a NNP all-star team .	1	12	VBP	are	is
its NN has a painted wooden NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the content itself has been the subject of multiple and JJ published works whose source is independent of the site itself .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
her films give a voice to the NNS of society and provide hope , NN and NN to individuals dealing with JJ and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
weak keep on the understanding that the article creator is serious about expanding it into a full article , taking in good faith NNS that sources are likely to be present in the finished product .	25	26	VBP	are	is
with the end of speedway at NNP , the JJ corners are no longer as pronounced as they once were .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the cover story is a longer story that requires a jump ( readers must turn to another page in the paper to complete the story , usually the next page of that section ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
under this theory if NNS are too rapidly released without being safely eliminated ( such as VBG fat that stores NNS ) they can damage the body and cause NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
but some dialects , for example , dialects of northern NNP and eastern NNP , typically have a JJ low tone in JJ words ; VBN NNS have a high tone , with low tone on either side , rather like english stress accent .	2	16	VBP	have	has
rides usually consist of several different routes , VBN by NN , and with a certain number of rest stops that usually include NNS , first aid and maintenance tools .	0	2	VBP	consist	consists
it 's as if the director , the gifted brian de NNP , rises to the occasions but the screenplay gives him nothing much to do in between them .	19	20	VBZ	gives	give
singapore airlines JJ nomination VBZ the singapore airlines flight numbers nomination .	3	4	VBZ	accompanies	accompany
set up an rfc and confirm that your position has consensus , or stop VBG articles in this fashion when that consensus is unclear .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
as the story VBZ , it becomes clear that she , like mr .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
most large roller NNS have the ability to run two or more trains at once , and the block system prevents these trains from VBG .	3	4	VBP	have	has
it could be good that people that put such notices have a basic knowledge about the domain they are talking about .	5	10	VBP	have	has
the fact is , pc is all about some peoples desire to control what others can or can not do on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as mrs NNP asks for news about the family , the letter reveals that the older brother had been married and had a child , and also that the NNP will have to VB their planned visit till the next month .	11	12	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the NN NNP ( united states volunteers ) means the grade was awarded in the volunteer army which constituted almost the entire union army .	1	8	VBZ	means	mean
in a distant future , earth lives in chaos and the only order that rules resides in the battle game , where the winner takes control over the world .	23	24	VBZ	takes	take
not sure what the requirement is for notability .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the only telephone provider in NNP guinea is orange .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the task of replacing it with the appropriate NN tag is completely JJ and thus is RB suited for a bot , but would be JJ and NN for a human .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
belarus , a NN , generally flat country ( the average elevation is above sea level ) without natural borders , occupies an area of , or slightly smaller than the united kingdom or the state of kansas .	7	21	VBZ	occupies	occupy
NN after NNP turns on the lights in the trophy room , a knight comes to life and attacks him .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
NNP 's tree frog ( NNP NNP ) is a species of tree frog of family NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
a more recent example is the support for the national NNP program by the european union , france and germany .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the qualifications themselves typically meet the expectations for higher education qualification at level 7 ( the uk master 's degree ) .	1	4	VBP	meet	meets
one reason for the sudden increase in the discovery of NNP species is improved analysis methods , often based on prior finds , dna work , and a better understanding of where such remains might exist .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ cites no sources and the topic is barely JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP only ) , while other 1st class municipalities are JJ cities ( municipalities ) ( NNP NNP , da NNP , NNP NNP ) .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this article VBZ NNP as a broadcast network which is not .	1	2	VBZ	treats	treat
as for NNS - every wikipedia user is essentially a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
however , in heroes iv they do act as regular units and can be `` killed '' ; these dead heroes are transferred to the nearest town 's NN where they can be freed if their team VBZ the town .	36	37	VBZ	captures	capture
the wikipedia page on world war ii has a short NN , though one hardly adequate to the importance of the subject .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
federal route CD or NNP NNP NNP johnson ( formerly NNP NNP state route ) is a major federal roads in NNP NNP , malaysia .	13	15	VBZ	is	are
the title of the article is hanover , new hampshire , and the logs do not show that the page has ever been moved .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the story is about a couple who discover two trees in their NN that grow money .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i can remove the university statement , if that helps ; i think the article has enough reviews as it is .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
this JJ range generally VBZ from west to east .	2	4	VBZ	stretches	stretch
often the justification for VBG or leaving out an opposing viewpoint is that it is merely one contributor 's pov , even when it is a published one .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
capital formation is a concept used in NNS , national accounts and financial economics .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sources seem to exist and JJ editor making good faith effort to address concerns .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
the above translation is rather JJ compared to the punch in the original danish quote .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the stadium has two courts with acceptable quality which has been a good foundation for the league over the years .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
months later , the new fashion line is a success thanks to betty 's ideas of modeling her friends ( the ugly NN ) and business NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
there are also 2 VBD animals with massive NN ( humans possibly have the longest walking NN of any land animal ) and 4 VBD ones that are almost as good ( horses , for example ) .	10	12	VBP	have	has
the upper west NNP constituency is in the eastern region of ghana .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
that said , almost all users choose to play using a JJ client , called an interface .	5	6	VBP	choose	chooses
NNS with higher NN content and growing the crop in large field blocks are solutions used to combat the birds .	0	13	VBP	are	is
the map in the book is under copyright ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the major areas within which NN is practiced ( industry , government , NN ) provides the framework for the three forums within which NNP members may raise items for discussion by the NNP board .	9	15	VBZ	provides	provide
fair use in beyond NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
chennai schools , but also to make learning an interesting experience by making the students learn along with singing and dancing .	14	15	VBP	learn	learns
previous grounds include NNP cricket field and NNP park .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
if the expression takes 5 times longer then whole program would take about CD time longer - a second becomes an hour .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
this text is patent nonsense and a blatant hoax -- - JJ folk music , originally invented in 1997 by al NNP and later VBN by folk artist NNP , is pretty sweet .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another small time gang is the NN mall gang in downtown NNP it is VBN not to walk alone past the mall at night .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the process NNP uses creates an unusually intense quality of light , and the images are formed using NN with a technique similar to the NN photography developed in the late nineteenth century .	1	4	VBZ	creates	create
state routes include route 15 ( part of the `` NNP bypass '' ) in the southwest , route 23 in the northeast ( as it VBZ along the NNP county line ) and route CD in the southwest .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the museum has a collection of more than 200 , 000 items , including CD NNS , 5 , 000 uniforms and 30 , 000 books .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNP railway station ( ) serves the town and NN of NNP NNP , in the NNP region , northwestern italy .	3	6	VBZ	serves	serve
his brother ( originally JJ ) is uncle john the baptist .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
routes CD and CD continue RB west .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues
attacks are hybrid NNP shoot , NNP shot , NNP galaxy shot , hurricane shot , and NNP shot attacks .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNS NN page instead of the his page is an excellent solution .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
if an article needs help , then help it .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
there has been ongoing debate regarding which kind of type is more useful in a case like NN .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the first of the german type NNP i submarines of world war i to enter service .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the objective of the game is to take care of a virtual baby through certain tasks as feeding , NN , and teaching just like a real father or mother would do .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the people have everything they want and do not need to work .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the park 's administration building contains all the administrative offices where visitors may book guided walking tours , get information , or reserve one of the facilities .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
however , the government of NNP has a status equivalent to that of a JJ city , which is a JJ above a JJ city .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
sport is encouraged in school , and local sports clubs receive financial support from the local governments .	9	10	VBP	receive	receives
the NNS ( sea NNS ) form an interesting NN in that their NN comprises a single row ; they feed by VBG on cell contents , rather than VBG at tissue , and most species feed on a single genus or species of NN .	35	36	VBP	feed	feeds
records for his NNP estates relate that his death was `` after the feast of st peter and to the feast of the NNP st NNP '' .	0	5	VBP	relate	relates
as seat , the town of NNP is the local government for NN communities , which together cover an area of CD .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
my impression is that contemporary editors here pay little attention to article rankings .	5	7	VBP	pay	pays
the problem is to VB the NNS of an image so as to VB a certain potential energy function , which causes similar colours to attract at short range and NN at a slightly larger distance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the model also allows individual and cultural differences to be taken into account .	1	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the RB arranged leaves are each divided into several pairs of JJ JJ or linear NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a NN code is a small NN of html used with social networking websites - its purpose being to facilitate the `` adding '' of the user as a `` friend '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the agreement allows NNP to broadcast some of its local NNS at the location , with NNS to the studio for such use completed in june 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
some women who are listed at NNP requests are .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the article and section ancient egyptian religion uses a commons image ( la FW de NNP VBD .	1	7	VBZ	uses	use
the current mayor of warrior is johnny NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the principal NNS of the NNP river are NNP creek , mill creek , and little NNP creek ; they VBP into the NNP river watershed in the order listed .	2	7	VBP	are	is
this is defined as the time of life that learning can take place , in other words when the brain has the most NN .	19	20	VBZ	has	have
VBN by this , NNP attacks NNP , but is encountered by NNP , and a violent fight takes place in an JJ hall between various building materials .	17	18	VBZ	takes	take
no source provided for this image and no description , shows characteristics of being an independent illustration , and not something done by the u .	1	10	VBZ	shows	show
afd process works , but i would imagine if we are the only two interested parties that our agreement would VB .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the modern village has just under 100 NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
with a canal fully VBG a portion of the island from the rest of it , davis islands is technically an archipelago , hence the plural form `` islands '' in its name .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
this middle school is not notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
d level is through the NNP research school , a collaboration between the university and the royal institute of technology stockholm .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , this might be seen as a way to moderate color NN - models display color NN only as far as the von NNP NN law displays color NN .	14	15	VBP	display	displays
if the wine is fit for consumption it will be served by the glass with our food .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS achieve higher accuracy especially if used by experts .	1	2	VBP	achieve	achieves
also i think that many people want to know RB what a `` NN '' is .	5	6	VBP	want	wants
ignore all uses of `` ignore all rules '' as pointed out some time ago , the title makes no sense .	17	18	VBZ	makes	make
another example is at NNP NNP bach in NNP , wales , where NNS , primarily those related to battle , were thrown into the lake from a rocky NN in the late first century bce or early first century ce .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his aunt is NNP NNP of chicago 's CD ward .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the architecture of houston includes a wide variety of award-winning and historic examples located in various areas of the city .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
by definition , good faith edits are not vandalism .	5	6	VBP	are	is
her husband , dr john hall , is suspicious of their relationship , but stands up for his wife when she takes her NN to court for NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
if any JJ object is found between the surface and the light , the surface is in shadow and the light does not VB it .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
their major rivals are the rochester americans and the hamilton NNP , located down queen elizabeth way .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the plot follows the NNS , who are go to the moon in a NN shaped like candy in order to assist the queen of the moon .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the most widely known interpretation of quantum mechanics is the copenhagen interpretation put forward by NNP NNP .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
effective temperature of a star or planet is the temperature of an ideal black body that would VB the same total amount of electromagnetic radiation .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the stories all deal with the JJ relationships of humans and other animals , most often how a NN animal comes into the life of a person just when it is needed the most .	3	20	VBZ	comes	come
the NNP 's track him down and NNP 's team follows .	3	10	VBZ	follows	follow
derby 's flower beetle ( NNP NNP ) is a JJ species of flower NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
she proceeds to ask him to dinner , meanwhile the cadets attempt their mission .	10	11	VBP	attempt	attempts
other locations include the NNP mountains of russia ; sweden ; NNP NNP , brazil ; NNP , madagascar ; ontario , canada ; and in arizona , wyoming and colorado in the u .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP NNP is used as a NN , which is flooded in a controlled way when the river is unable to discharge into the NNP because of high water levels , which are themselves often the result of high levels in the river don .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
as the name suggests , the style is thought to have originated , or at least become common , in the imperial court during the JJ period of japanese history , when noble women would sometimes grow out their hair for their entire lives .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
he was responsible for the design and construction of the company 's first iron works during the years 1861 through 1863 .	5	14	VBZ	works	work
a wing of the NNP contains the NNP theatre since the reconstruction of the NNP after world war ii .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the sample game below RB demonstrates her NN to tactical possibilities .	2	5	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the video ends with NNP returning to the dining room where all other women lie dead , VBG his suit .	13	14	VBP	lie	lie
although the term is NN of `` NN '' , its common use in basque mainly refers to basque nationalism , and this is the only specific meaning of this word in spanish .	12	16	VBZ	refers	refer
these car park providers provide cheap NN some distance from the airport , by transferring passengers in shuttle buses .	3	4	VBP	provide	provides
in regard to religion , as in the rest of the country , the population is mostly catholic , being the host city of the diocese of santa ana , which occupies the departments of santa ana and NNP .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
this type of german school , the NNP , is generally an JJ public vocational school , controlled by the german federal government .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the autobiography gives us details of muslim attitudes towards the christian NNS who went to the middle east .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
this page probably is n't the best for that sort of thing ( the NNP page mentioned elsewhere could be dedicated to that ) and something this severe should be structured better .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
from the afd discussion , it was said that the article has no reliable sources , and if so , it should have been deleted .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
although the custom is relatively recent , larvae are used frequently by several brands of JJ to give NN to the drink .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the cry of NN is the NNS to relief .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
columbia story has both substance and sources , whereas this case it has neither ( only the NNP themselves are real sources on the current subject ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the book is now housed in NNP palace library under the reference ms 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
should the railway systems be connected by this bridge , the narrow gauge ( ) tracks on the island would be converted to the gauge of the mainland .	12	15	VBZ	tracks	track
another excellent piece of work is his JJ statue of john wesley in front of wesley church , melbourne .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the b 96 federal road between NNP and NNP is also connected via an access road to the a 20 motorway .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
metro manhattan office space , accessed july 22 , 2011 the building goes through the block west of broadway so that it also VBZ on NNP street , which is parallel to broadway .	11	12	VBZ	goes	go
the province 's far eastern is where the NNP meets the NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the current mayor is randy NNP , who has been serving since 2001 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
personal attacks are not welcome in wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for g compact , this is done by the NNP theorem ; in that case the JJ dual is a JJ space , and the measure VBZ an atom to each point of mass equal to its degree .	25	26	VBZ	attaches	attach
the most famous example of a flying bomb is the german NNP , many of which targeted london in 1944 during world war ii .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
book 1 is in JJ format .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
reliable sources exist to create a short encyclopedic article , which might later be expanded to discuss the JJ climate of the late 20th century which resulted in the NN of these little JJ signs .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
its purpose is to get your opinion on changes that have the potential to affect everyone who uses NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the event continues to grow and currently ( 2011 ) stands as one of the top tier festivals in the united states and one of the biggest on the west coast ( 3 ) .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
finally , the NNP protein NN promotes cell survival through two NNS .	5	6	VBZ	promotes	promote
given that i edit the anime news network encyclopedia , moderate the forums for NNP and live in the uk i think i have the confidence to say without a NN of research that no such thing exists , at least not as the infobox presents it .	44	45	VBZ	presents	present
the NN that detroit fans prefer , VBN .	4	5	VBP	prefer	prefers
per above comments , the candidate needs to have a better developed track record of VBG with other editors .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
a citation is an NN in the validity and NN of a publication ( otherwise ignored ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
president NNP 's media adviser told the NNP news agency , `` we believe that the american cinema system is JJ of all culture and art and is only used as a device .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the municipality now bears the name NNP .	1	3	VBZ	bears	bear
the NNS with JJ one are exactly the NN unions of NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the rescue is the fourth studio album by american NN band NNS in the sky .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the irc website contains over 50 electronic database resources for quick and up to date information for daily research classes .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
but JJ page deletion and NN is not enforcement .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
within the civil service community the service is RB known as box 500 ( after its official wartime address of NNP box 500 ; its current address is NNP box CD , london NNP CD ) .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
its name means `` received teaching '' and was a tribute to imperial rule .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the north side of the nave contains a blocked NN with a NN window to its right and a JJ window to the left .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
this article needs more info and references .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
ultimately i think the term in question is a regional NN that will serve little purpose .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
this group is essentially the old touring car class , which until 2010 had become a NNP affair .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since NN cables are very good at controlling NN and noise , they reduce the need for differential NN , which better NNS VBP NNS and noise interference .	2	3	VBP	are	is
editors who repeatedly VBP unsourced or poorly sourced material about a living person are subject to a block from editing , and edits which remove such content are JJ from the JJ rule .	0	13	VBP	are	is
although the film could probably pass as family entertainment , disney chose to use their hollywood brand for distribution considering the fact that the film has all adult main characters and many disney films VBP typically around adults and children .	24	25	VBZ	has	have
the smaller model is approximately 2 feet by 2 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
no one thinks big of you .	1	2	VBZ	thinks	think
oh , my reference is my partner , who VBZ vehicle NNS for a financial institution !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the history of NNP NNP dates back to the early 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
a hot spring is a spring that is produced by the emergence of RB heated NN from the earth 's NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at the most formal level , minutes from committee meetings are posted on the website so that members are able to follow the work of the committee and - if they feel moved to - provide comment and influence policy .	17	18	VBP	are	is
as the NNS lack a NN group that is required for their further conversion and NN , they VBP inside the cell .	2	3	VBP	lack	lacks
the french duo les NNP recorded a song called `` NNP '' on their 1998 album NNP NNP , credited as a french adaptation of `` the NNP NNP '' , although the lyrics are significantly different .	33	34	VBP	are	is
although extremely rare , jury NN does occur in canada , however , as the prosecution has powers to appeal the resulting NN , it lacks the NN found in other systems .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
although NNP 's works are neither numerous nor JJ , they are among the classic products of JJ literature in the 18th century .	3	4	VBP	are	is
support , as this is JJ international news .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
future projects include a series of audio NNS , and his first commercial cds , to be recorded in the summer of 2008 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i can see where the NN ( error function ) comes from , JJ force can lead to things which are hard to VB .	8	10	VBZ	comes	come
its origins lie in the 1941 project to VB three NNP ( CD , JJ and JJ ) with the continental NNP VBD VBN engine .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
drug studies are mostly RB funded .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the piano employs many JJ devices such as parallel NNS , rapid NN and scale figures , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
the JJ spaces are about as wide as the NN , crossed by JJ , equal and RB VBD spiral lines which are about JJ as wide as the spaces enclosed between them .	2	3	VBP	are	is
several JJ retail parks also exist , in locations such as newport road , NNP cross , cardiff gate and cardiff bay .	3	5	VBP	exist	exists
some parts exist only in the JJ series , some only in the original series .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
physical therapy often helps prevent joint NN .	1	3	VBZ	helps	help
the district includes NNP , cedar rapids , and waterloo .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the national park is the only one in NNP covered by forest , VBN in the small NNP dry forests NN , which exists only in a few NNS in the south west of the province extending a little over the border into angola .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
diamond is the most commonly used material for NN due to its properties of NN , thermal NN , and chemical NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
my set of NN has no categories as far as i know .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the question of whether a JJ preparation can ever be effective is a topic for another article .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP edition includes with the album , 2 NNP ( disc 1 with japanese music videos and disc 2 with a selection of korean music videos ) , JJ album NN and a JJ special NN .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
mt father is doug NNP , the author of this book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some metro services VBP at regent centre metro station due to its proximity to the metro depot , which is located between regent centre and south NNP .	2	3	VBP	terminate	terminates
the mine has the form of a long narrow line along the edge of the leaf for about 25 mm and then turning RB suddenly VBG out in a large JJ NN nearly covering the entire leaf .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its commercial name is NNP and is in use by commercial NN NNS throughout the world .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
though white NNP can not understand why jack is trying to push him away , jack 's efforts finally succeed in VBG white NNP off .	17	19	VBP	succeed	succeeds
a form is JJ ( NN to space ) and JJ ( NN to time ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
again , no one party is to blame for this unique situation , but RB this is just how things are in this case and a very few others .	19	20	VBP	are	is
their exact origins are unknown but they are thought to be early NNS from southeast asian countries , VBG to the philippines in small NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the primary NN , perhaps , for VBG JJ from other types of erosion models is the use of the NN continuity equation discussed below .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the other two refs never mention NNS .	3	5	VBP	mention	mentions
in NNP 's NNP , the punishment for the JJ is to have their eyes VB shut with wire because they have gained JJ pleasure from seeing others brought low .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP through the local `` rubber baby NNP NNP VBG service '' ( however , they have to call themselves the `` NNP '' , since their kids have a rather bad reputation with the NN service ) .	27	28	VBP	have	has
her works are in both private and public collections .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my job is not to sit there and be JJ and say CD NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
based on the JJ changes of NN and production volume values we can explicitly conclude on which part of the production function the production is .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
downtown NNP 's newest attraction , is center city , which is a shopping mall built at CD main street .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
my way of doing things is simple .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his personal best throw in shot put is 20 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
after the defeat of NNP , NNP VBZ control of herself , and the two sisters return to a somewhat more normal life .	15	16	VBP	return	returns
the lithuania national rugby union team represents lithuania at rugby union .	5	6	VBZ	represents	represent
the island rises to only about , and the area is RB active .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
but the article needs to do a much better job of VBG notability .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
for more details on the internal revenue service provisions for JJ groups - including on the CD ( 3 ) and CD ( 4 ) provisions see the u .	25	26	VBP	see	sees
glory NNP '' video , the lamb appears on the door before jesse NNP enters the bar .	3	14	VBZ	enters	enter
this image is of a reasonably low resolution .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the seminary is not a JJ institution ; NNS in their collegiate or JJ studies attend classes at NNP university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete if no one comes up with something better .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the burden of proof is on the author .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
thus the approach goes beyond the JJ consideration of edgar NNP .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
the effect of tolerance means that frequent use of the drug may result in its JJ effect so , when safe to do so , the NN may need to be increased to maintain effectiveness .	1	4	VBZ	means	mean
the term NN novel is sometimes used RB with NNP , but its use is usually wider and less technical .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
elementary and high school students in the area have the opportunity to discover their musical skills through the north peace performing arts festival which runs for almost two weeks in march .	4	8	VBP	have	has
the word means beyond the rocks in russian , referring to its location beyond the JJ mountains .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
as the team VBZ NNP 's harbor operation , captain NNP visits NNP with NNP 's NN to determine what he told NNP 's team .	2	3	VBZ	investigates	investigate
if a source makes a connection it is obviously not or .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
NNP NNP is a name most independent music labels know by heart .	8	9	VBP	know	knows
the route passes through NNP at its southern tip before continuing into dover .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
regardless of the total number of visits , the researcher simply records the date of each capture of each individual .	9	11	VBZ	records	record
the idea of god within is an idea NN to most interpretations of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this means businesses pay the newspaper to have their advertisement placed on a page - either in the form of a static or animated image .	2	3	VBP	pay	pays
later NNP 's mother gets to know this and gets VBN by this news .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get
but , in the end , i think the relationship between the project and irc is one that VBZ NN .	9	15	VBZ	is	are
NN of the NN leads to JJ NN terms JJ NNS due to chronic exposure to the pressures of NNP NN .	0	4	VBZ	leads	lead
reflection ( 1885 , oil on canvas , 8 x 10 '' ) depicts a JJ lying on NNS before a pool of water .	4	13	VBZ	depicts	depict
weak support candidate has sufficient content contributions to satisfy my criteria , and otherwise seems JJ and mostly JJ .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
a NN NN is a JJ NN in which no union of k NNS is larger than the union of the k largest rank levels , or , RB , the NN has a maximum JJ consisting of k rank levels .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
source list is due by october 4 , 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is even more clear that new contributors are simply not welcome .	7	8	VBP	are	is
it is a real-time strategy game whose resource management techniques carry the NNS of the business world .	9	10	VBP	carry	carries
this explains why the first n elements of each of these families define sets of JJ NNS in n variables that are free JJ NNS of that ring of JJ NNS .	6	12	VBP	define	defines
the last team member is the NNP , equipped with a NNP NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
with JJ administration and fewer beds , the hospitals have an average patient stay of two days .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the plot VBZ around a `` machine '' which came from space 10 , 000 years ago .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
NNP wire is JJ gauge , solid or VBN , VBN wire , used for making internal connections inside electrical or electronic devices .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in either case , i think a major university hospital is notable ( at least as notable as schools , community colleges , suburban railway stations and most NNS ) , even if it would be founded only in 1928 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the sea keeps winter temperatures slightly higher and summer temperatures a little lower on the coast than at places inland .	1	2	VBZ	keeps	keep
larger towns include NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the tourist industry is present but has been VBN by a lack of infrastructure .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i very much wish to stress how important i think the advocacy process is for wikipedia , specifically in regards to essentially JJ issues such as these , that are very JJ if not addressed at the time .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
recent developments include opening of big retail outlets and banks like NNP , axis bank , standard chartered , NNP bank , state bank , etc .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the album features one track , `` all for you '' by janet jackson , that had gone to number one on the billboard hot 100 .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this category is for members of the society of the united NNP NNP JJ irish republican revolutionary organisation involved in the irish rebellion of 1798 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the hills range from 62 to CD metres above sea level ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
jewish prayers refer to PRP as a nation .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers
the paper made money in the 1920s , but saw circulation fall in half and profits VBP in the great depression .	15	16	VBP	disappear	disappears
those citations need to be removed .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the issue appears to be with script that was only recently VBN over from wikimedia , which had the same problem .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
another reason for municipal NNS is the assumption that larger municipalities are more efficient in performing their tasks than smaller ones .	10	11	VBP	are	is
this article is close to completing its peer review and should be up for fac soon .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the atlas beetle , NNP atlas , is a species of beetle belonging to the NNP family .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the characteristic tree crop is the olive .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
numerous bird species either live in or visit the park , including the grey NNP ( NNP NN ) , NNP NNP ( NNP RB ) and the NNP NNP ( NNP RB ) .	2	4	VBP	live	lives
its NNP product provides collaboration to help users work together more effectively ; reporting is JJ and easy to access and VB .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
a person with severe NN has difficulty VBG everyday sounds , some of which may seem RB loud to that person but not to others .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
a student takes a test , the NNS of NN in all concepts VBP on incorrect answers in all questions can be calculated using NNP ' law ( these VBP learning methods are often called JJ algorithms ) .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the only JJ NNS on the island are seals , specifically the southern elephant seal and antarctic fur seal , which both breed on the island .	3	7	VBP	are	is
lloyd also refers to a suggestion , by leon NNP , that the ballad is an ancient solar myth , relating to the sun and the seasons of the year .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the christian ritual of NN traces back to the NN of jesus by john the baptist , who the bible says VBN jesus in the jordan river .	2	5	VBZ	traces	trace
although records are vague after this point , he was one of the first settlers to arrive in corn island and may also have served as a representative of NNP county in the kentucky state legislature in his later years .	1	2	VBP	are	is
good user , knows policy , seems civil reading through talk page history .	1	3	VBZ	knows	know
some NNS argue that draw cuts are not RB sound techniques and make cutting a due NN ( `` double time '' ) action , whereas a JJ cutting action would be in JJ NN ( `` single time '' ) .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNP i VBP NNP and NNP when the NNP prince is away to visit his VBG father .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS tend to define inflation in terms of the money supply , rather than in terms of prices .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
when handling an JJ , the processor saves the status register on the stack and VBZ the JJ bits .	6	7	VBZ	saves	save
while such rapid change is JJ today , and is taken for granted , this was not always so ; in fact , VBG technology changed very little in its first 80 or 90 years .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
every club over a certain size has a network of supporters ' clubs or similar , but RB few such organisations have a chance of being notable .	20	21	VBP	have	has
order of saint barbara is a military honor society of the us for both the us army and the us marine corps artillery , including field artillery and air defense artillery .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
some observers believe the NNS were made because the NNP were worried that they were going to be made the NNS of an NN propaganda campaign .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
some NN NNS have NNS with no NNP and , thus , are sometimes referred to as JJ rna .	2	3	VBP	have	has
quite right , the reasons for deletion are lack of notability , absence of independent sources and promotional tone .	4	7	VBP	are	is
this particular road is no exception to that .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the word `` JJ '' is a NN of the words `` information '' and `` commercial '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
filter through basin of clean river sand if water is not clear , though a simple fine NN regularly is mostly good enough .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
each summer , musicians from the five active naval reserve bands come together to form the national band of the naval reserve and perform throughout canada .	3	11	VBP	come	comes
each owner has an JJ right of access to the property .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the student government association ( NNP ) vision is to serve as the relevant , representative voice of the student body before the wider community within and outside of st .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
temperatures remain relatively high throughout the year , with the summer months of april to early july having average daily temperatures of around .	0	1	VBP	remain	remains
a JJ JJ NN gauge determines sample NN by measuring the amount of time it takes sound to VB from the NN through the material to the back end of a part , and then measures the time which the reflection takes to get back to the NN .	40	41	VBZ	takes	take
the park VBZ the river basin of the river NNPS , near NNP and includes one of the largest remaining populations of wild NN NNS in the country .	1	2	VBZ	protects	protect
with no financial NN to keep up their properties , NNS let their buildings NN .	10	11	VBP	let	lets
in the group program a student takes JJ teaching units of german language instruction for each level .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
as for artificial intelligence NNP feels the best defense is to increase the `` values of liberty , tolerance , and respect for knowledge and diversity '' in society because `` the JJ intelligence will be embedded in our society and will reflect our values '' .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
it is another hollywood movie channel whose main competitor is NNP asia .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the request for a picture is of little importance but the inclusion of the importance assessment would be nice but not all editors agree .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
she VBZ american cultural NNS , from the NNS on our NNS to the NN NNS on our cars and then VBZ american NNS to korean , japanese , and european customs and describes how cultural practices differ in many parts of the world .	36	37	VBP	differ	differs
students are able to write , act in leading roles , direct and design , as well as serve as a production board designing an entire season of shows .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP , but the NNP 's rounds seem to be around 3 .	6	7	VBP	seem	seems
the diocese has 15 parishes and about 55 mission centres .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
each episode has at least one guest star ; a television or film celebrity , who play what NNP and merchant have referred to as `` JJ '' versions of themselves ; an JJ or VBN parody of their famous public NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
legend is the 13th album by the country rock band NNP , released in 1978 .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the lateral ridge of the NN NN is very rough , and runs almost RB JJ to the base of the greater NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the final parts of NNP saga make NNP son of NNP a contemporary of NNP NNP of denmark .	2	6	VBP	make	makes
shared memory is an efficient means of passing data between programs .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS lake community is also the location of NNP NNP [ 1 ] , a JJ RB diverse property .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other significant organizations include the prohibition party and NNP legion .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
that list is unsourced making it an unreliable source of information .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the three species have different combinations of black NNS on the face , back , and wings .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the NN structure of the production department , with component NN , NN , assembly and the electrical department as well as an international marketing network , permits the firm to cover every part of the VBN value chain .	2	27	VBZ	permits	permit
this is why every russian president visiting the republic takes part in the NNP held in NNP .	5	9	VBZ	takes	take
this tool significantly differs from mentioned diff tool in sense that it is a generic tool suitable for NN of arbitrary binary files in efficient manner .	1	3	VBZ	differs	differ
the winning team of the nba finals receives the o'brien trophy , and has since the portland trail NNPS won it in 1977 .	2	7	VBZ	receives	receive
commercial productions have much much shorter NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
writers include local poets , musicians and anyone in the local community who may be interested .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these questions get at the heart of some of the major problems with JJ physics , and were the NNS for the development of special NN .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
in this case the group of fixed points is also the group of points of a VBN ( NN ) form of x defined over a finite field .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the church has a shopping complex and a community hall along with it .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a short trail around the mill connects historical exhibits about life in rural virginia .	2	6	VBZ	connects	connect
players own a virtual farm where they plant fruits and vegetables .	0	1	VBP	own	owns
not all confirmed copyvio , but large portions are JJ and the rest reads the same way .	12	13	VBZ	reads	read
the stage manager keeps a master list of all the NNS in the show and keeps track of them in the [ [ NN book ] ] .	2	3	VBZ	keeps	keep
there were no singles , nothing comes up for charts , and no NN notes are available either , so it fails that criterion .	14	15	VBP	are	is
machine is the second live album by english indie rock band florence and the machine .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
an example of this is the NNP gap , which she wrote specifically official site , 'the story behind the story ' section .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the historic NNP brothers factory is a prominent feature on the main street .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i believe the article is comprehensive and NN and there are other articles based on NNP ( for example ; albums , band members , tours ) that go in to further detail .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in one of his speeches , he is quoted as saying , `` many people say i am not a JJ myself .	14	15	VBP	say	says
the monument is of an angel standing on a ship which is breaking through the concrete NNS of the ground to rise above the earth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP stem cells , but not red blood cells or JJ NNS , are JJ to tissue culture plastic within 24 to 48 hours .	2	13	VBP	are	is
NNS can be recorded by NNS up to great distances , because JJ waves travel through the whole earth 's interior .	13	14	VBP	travel	travels
after a JJ meeting with the queen , and a face off against NNP , the queen escapes on a NNP .	16	17	VBZ	escapes	escape
the objects of thought are classes of shapes , which the child has learned to VB as having properties .	1	4	VBP	are	is
known for most of its length as university boulevard and NNP road , the state highway runs from md CD in NNP east to md CD north of upper NNP .	15	16	VBZ	runs	run
jenkins models are JJ least squares and maximum NN NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as the list grows , perhaps each NN would be VBN more , to span just 4 letters of the alphabet , rather than 6 letters NNP .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow
performers in this style include the NNP , the NNP , the NNP conservatory band , and the maxwell street NNP band .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
instead of focusing on the start of the us financial crisis , NNP and NNP focus on bear markets , the periods during which NNS ( as measured in NNS ) were in a JJ trend or where each successive peak is lower than the previous one .	40	41	VBZ	is	are
the statement is `` i will apply for the benefit of the sick , all measures [ that ] are required , avoiding those twin NNS of NN and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these parties are likely to vote for a single candidate .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the story takes place in boston where NNP was raised .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
in the morning , NNS , knights , and the lady of the underground kingdom appear from out of the fountain .	4	15	VBP	appear	appears
the park faces criticism from what many believe to be a poor design .	1	2	VBZ	faces	face
that material is RB relevant too and might be added .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
numerous cold war NNS remain including JJ NNS , water towers , NNS and NNS .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
some users seem to feel that being in the right as far as content gives them permission to VB others .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
increase in JJ size , wave height , JJ height , and JJ zone NN from the up coast NN generally VBZ the NN NN curved part of the beach .	14	21	VBZ	characterizes	characterize
thus , one can not fully VB where the atoms go , which can lead to NN problems .	9	10	VBP	go	goes
every edit has to be `` approved '' by NNP , who , in addition to all of the above , quite RB has little to no actual understanding of the subject matter .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the meanings of these bits depend on what type of VBG is VBN on the channel .	1	5	VBP	depend	depends
consistency currently the bio pages use completely different styles and terminology .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
anthony 's children , johnny NNP and NNP NNP , hate trevor and blame him for their pain and anger towards their father .	2	10	VBP	hate	hates
a river walk runs through the town from east to west , and just outside the town is NNP wood , a popular area for walking owned by the forestry commission .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
the treasure hunt in NNP is a game played by local people in NNP and takes place two weeks before carnival .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the centre of the village contains a CD foot handball alley .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
these actions often VBP that the favored home team is being VBN by , or has lost to the much JJ road team .	1	3	VBP	denote	denotes
cliff schools are part of the silver consolidated school district .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a more recent development ( which suits a small number of applications better ) allows for NN VBG to be used to apply a NN seal to a container without the need for a closure .	3	14	VBZ	allows	allow
other reviewers , like publishers weekly , while calling the book a `` JJ NN , '' suggest that NNP 's main target are `` scholars who dominate american universities ( most notably eric NNP ) '' .	1	17	VBP	suggest	suggests
NNS then attack his funeral , killing at least two other people .	0	2	VBP	attack	attacks
the NN district includes all or parts of the cities of NNP , NNP , cairo , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , marion , and vienna .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the NNS are JJ and named upon creation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
post office material sounds like an ideal source in this case .	2	3	VBZ	sounds	sound
i think constructive discussion helps reduce the need for rushing into action regarding wikipedia issues .	3	4	VBZ	helps	help
the truth of his NN and trigger is obscure , because most who have seen it are dead .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
two notable new buddhist NNS are NNP NNP and the NNP buddhist movement , which were developed separately in the 20th century .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the song appears on their uk debut album , trinity .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
it turns out that the baby is her daughter and she VBD him to take care of her daughter .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
when an opportunity comes , he takes it and makes a name for himself and a fortune as a pirate , and gains public support for his revenge on the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
his extensive practical experience enables him to VB students in all areas of communications technology .	3	4	VBZ	enables	enable
satisfied with victory , the NNS begin to leave .	5	6	VBP	begin	begins
this discussion seems pretty RB split , we may be able to come to a NN .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the system requires 6 and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
please check that all sources used are reliable .	4	6	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP 've rewritten the opening paragraph and will try and VB the page over time , but i 'd like to get a sense of what other people think needs to be done .	28	29	VBP	think	thinks
cell fusion is an important process where two individual cells come into contact and are combined to form a JJ cell .	9	10	VBP	come	comes
proposed construction floor area is approximately 44 , 000 NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reaction is JJ and JJ selective and one of the two products can be VBN by changing reaction conditions , such as temperature and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people always say with respect to new music , that though it may be popular for a year , nobody will care later on .	0	2	VBP	say	says
another relationship also begins in the subway between da ming ( NNP NNP ) , a young man , and a JJ NN , JJ ai ( NNP NNP ) .	1	3	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP personality traits , such as NN , NN , NN , NN , NN , JJ behavior , and a need to be VBN are also generally considered NN .	2	25	VBP	are	is
the file has been VBN so the text is largely JJ .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the information could be VBN into several sentences ( negative the track listing ) and hence the article serves little purpose .	17	18	VBZ	serves	serve
sources ( such as they are ) are trivial and fail to establish the importance or significance of this site .	0	5	VBP	are	is
this section deals with notable cat characters that appear in literature works of fiction including books , comics , legends , NNS , folklore and fairy tales .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
NNP the JJ question , because clearly it add nothing to the debate .	3	8	VBZ	add	adds
the district 's boundaries parallel that of simpson county .	3	4	VBP	parallel	parallels
international system of units ( si ) , for example , the base unit of length is the meter .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
RB NNP 's most fierce rivalry is with their local NN , the JJ tigers .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
doubles are higher than `` 65 '' , and what would be the lowest roll JJ , is a `` mexican '' and higher than CD .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the game features a cast of NNS who were not previously featured in the movies .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
if you believe a statement with an inline reference is incorrect then never change the statement in such a way that it RB looks like the reference supports your change .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
NN it is unclear whether he is stating that his father , minister NNP , gives him authority to VB NNP or he is revealing to the readers that NNP is his own father .	10	15	VBZ	gives	give
oh yeah , keep now that the article is less of a NN and is definitely more encyclopedic .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP is based on the NN of schools around the world , and is organized to investigate how students are provided educational opportunities , and the factors that influence how students make use of these opportunities .	30	31	VBP	make	makes
year 7 pupils have the opportunity to visit NNP NNP , an NNP NNP NNP owned welsh language camp .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the art form dates back to the early 9th century , a period dominated by the NNP rulers , who encouraged art and literature .	2	3	VBZ	dates	date
the argument is for inclusion under criterion 3 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
transfer NNS sometimes have separate manual NNS or electric NNS which VBP to the VBG sheet and pull ( or drag ) the patient off the bed and onto the chair .	1	3	VBP	have	has
a large section of JJ NNP NN NN et NN NN .	2	8	VBZ	et	et
because the film follows the play so closely , and the play did not have an NN , the NNS chose to eliminate the JJ film NN played before the beginning of most motion pictures shown in a JJ presentation .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
the church is open to visitors throughout the year from CD - CD ( july and august CD - CD ) , except christmas day and boxing day , when it only opens for JJ services .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the complex is a candidate unesco world heritage site , nominated in 1989 by the ukrainian representatives , serving as an important regional and national tourist attraction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city becomes an independent NN - the NNS in the basilica of st .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
the name means `` group of tall trees '' .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the highest counts for sole or primary NN are 31 , 23 , 17 .	2	8	VBP	are	is
VBN when the airline fails , the group start a second airline in key west , florida , to deliver mail throughout the caribbean .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
according to mike d , the title was chosen `` to let the kids know , it 's eight songs but only ten minutes .	13	14	VBP	know	knows
many sailing schools and yacht clubs own a number of them and they are the first boat most NNS will sail .	2	6	VBP	own	owns
keep for all the reasons stated above , namely , some people prefer not to be VBN and other are willing to make that difficult for them .	11	12	VBP	prefer	prefers
the next scene is that of the NNP , whose NN has scenes of the NNP , NNP and NNP to the NNP , NNP of the NNP and the flight to egypt .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a political philosophy which advocates property rights and voluntary association as the foundation of society , and generally VBZ NN and NN .	2	18	VBZ	opposes	oppose
when represented as NNP ( speaker ) , his attitude is consistent with the attribute .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the ticket to observation deck is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
thousands of print shops and digital NNS now offer services to painters , NNS , and digital artists around the world .	0	8	VBP	offer	offers
NNP 's film credits include midnight express , superman , raise the NNP !	3	4	VBP	include	includes
JJ dwarf pine VBZ this JJ zone .	2	3	VBZ	inhabits	inhabit
his only response is that he does not wish to be a `` drama partner '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ meanings are very often only regional .	1	2	VBP	are	is
camp students , along with the accomplished musicians who make up the faculty , perform each year during the w .	1	14	VBP	perform	performs
his stories appear in the online literary journal NNP NNP and in other journals .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the following table is a list of films produced in denmark or in the danish language in the 1930s .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
now days , there is modern NNP NNP , whose head is NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
if NNS are JJ , they have a bone core .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some stands of pure pine exist on the highest ground , some above sea level ; the lowest NNS are at , around the confluence of the two rivers .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists
the main NNS of the NNP river are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP on the right , and NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and tom on the left .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the flowers open in the afternoon .	1	2	VBP	open	opens
in most countries , the drug used to treat NN is JJ .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
the second half is exactly what i was trying to ask .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the list includes female video game characters appearing in a major role in a notable video game , such as NNS , NNS and JJ characters .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
another search for is about CD .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the houses are in two NNS with NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for a brief period at the NN of the republic , jewish people also have the option of VBG to israel , as they are regarded as sons of jacob and therefore NN of special treatment .	12	14	VBP	have	has
this article has some references you may find at your library .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the flowers possess a sweet , JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	possess	possesses
no one gives source questions the benefit of the doubt , it always seems to generate a JJ response , like i 'm not really trying to improve the article , but that i 'm out to `` stop the fac '' or something similar .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
people speak predominantly telugu and all muslims speak NNP .	0	1	VBP	speak	speaks
unlike energy conservation , which is VBN in behavior , energy efficiency is JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the color sequence , blue then yellow , is the same as given by NNP in world VBD at tennis .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the most important crops are rice and coffee ; also seeds of NN are an important agricultural product .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the beaches are the biggest tourist attraction and the NNP NNP , or middle beach of NNP is the longest .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my NNS include cars , computers , electronics and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
all those JJ tables make it look worse .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
completely lacks context ; reader is much better served with a good article on NNP and its treatments than one short article about one trial comparing some of its treatments .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
sometimes things need to be structured a bit better or moved around , but the content is good .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
sentence 2 still seems NN , being an introduction to one specific aspect that is not followed up until much later .	0	3	VBZ	seems	seem
monster trucks remain the top bill , and with the addition of freestyle back into events the series now VBZ two champions each year .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
the nose in this one has a NN and his top hat is curved here and there is a NN in the NN .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the only thing that will reverse this is another hit in the head .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
mini dental NNS are particularly useful in the JJ arch with minimal remaining bone RB .	2	3	VBP	are	is
wrong side of the road is a 1981 NN feature film made in south australia in 1980 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the result is the same as it was for companies before reform in 1989 , so that whole chains of agreements could be declared as JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN tracks are `` NNP 's NNP '' , `` indian woman from NNP '' , `` black magic gun '' and `` one day i walk '' .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the vertical axis is the strength of the magnetic field and the horizontal axis is the chemical potential , which VBZ the electron density .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the four houses are NNP ( blue ) , NNP ( yellow ) , NNP ( red ) and NNP ( green ) , all named after four former NNPS from the school .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP also looks briefly at his NNS with carl NNP and alfred NNP , indeed one of his NNS for writing this was probably to show that the concept of NN offers an alternative to NNP 's JJ NN ' and NNP 's JJ protest ' .	28	31	VBZ	offers	offer
games between the basque clubs and NNP club usa NNP are always hard fought .	0	10	VBP	are	is
most of the RB VBP heads occur at the same level , just as one would expect if water came out of an NN .	5	6	VBP	occur	occurs
some JJ NNS and bike lane opponents advocate for NNP instead of bike lanes , arguing that NNP provide most , if not all , of the benefits , without many of the NNS that bike lanes VBP on a person just because they are traveling by bicycle .	6	7	VBP	advocate	advocates
the falls have small NNS to accommodate tourists , and NNS are sold on the premises .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the leading hypothesis for their formation is NN , the rising of `` NNS '' of less dense material through a NN of NN material .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the song 's character , tracy NNP , takes `` the first train to NNP '' and stands `` on the NN '' .	3	8	VBZ	takes	take
JJ NN is rare in the NNS , but light amounts sometimes fall in the nearby mountains .	10	12	VBP	fall	falls
on a clear day the view from NNP watch at hill NNP extends up to the southern coast of sri lanka .	5	12	VBZ	extends	extend
the sources given do not seem to prove that this person is notable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
she added , `` the international shipping community is quite pleased .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
it turned out that not only did safety improve , but it was also easier to VB than before as the JJ sections provide safe VBG opportunities .	22	23	VBP	provide	provides
as an JJ observer who has no relationship with the band and who has read articles on other bands , i would say the article is just as encyclopedic as any other band with a similar amount of notability .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
this JJ , JJ article on a band , that only says that they were JJ '' , was NNP under a7 .	4	11	VBZ	says	say
the maximum temperature that NNP salmon can survive for short periods is .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the note i left was clear that just adding links to the NN page would not solve the problem ( i could have done that ) ; the automatic population of the archive template is what needs to be restored .	29	34	VBZ	is	are
the last two paragraphs are short enough that they would benefit from combining into one larger paragraph .	3	4	VBP	are	is
his illustrations include two of the original 1894 magazine publications of stories from NNP NNP 's the second jungle book , the 1910 edition of charles NNP ' the NNP papers and the bunch book ( 1932 , about bunch , a NNP NNP ) by james douglas .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
his screenplay credits include NNP and safety .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the class NNP includes NNS ( water bears ) that have JJ NNS and legs with four separate but similar NNS or NNS on each .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
according to new york times editorial page editor andrew NNP in an interview ( story begins at minute 16 ) with allan NNP , `` the one thing that makes NNP NNP crazy is when nobody gives her the credit for having written NNP .	27	33	VBZ	is	are
the statistical area `` NNP '' , which also can include the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 700 .	2	15	VBZ	has	have
properties in the process of being sold or let are likewise JJ .	0	9	VBP	are	is
a NNP language instruction book reveals NNP 's real name as NNP .	4	5	VBZ	reveals	reveal
rush wins NNP over by promising that the air force will provide his mother with the best medical care they have to offer .	0	1	VBZ	wins	win
one instance of this is the popular JJ service NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
both cars are now on display in the NNP museum in NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the construction is of timber platform frame to improved efficient and cost effectiveness and also used JJ materials .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
syrian NNP student who assassinated general NNP is also there .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a structure ( mathematical logic ) of which another structure is a NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the work attempts to take the NN through sounds of nature in and around the gardens during the period in which it was written .	1	2	VBZ	attempts	attempt
many letters from NNP soldiers were published in 1941 and entitled `` german soldiers see the soviet union '' ; this publication includes authentic letters from soldiers on the eastern front .	21	22	VBZ	includes	include
true , but your sources add nothing to the notability .	4	5	VBP	add	adds
description this photo is of the original NN `` t .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its appearance in north america thus VBZ the bulk of the JJ exchange between north and south america .	1	6	VBZ	predates	predate
the NN VBZ professionals from different fields in the industry , in order for the NNP to openly ask questions and get a NN of their possible future careers .	1	2	VBZ	invites	invite
overall , i have to say , the whole piece is JJ and badly written , and have no idea why it is considered to be a NNP ' article , or what your criteria are for passing such a judgement .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the ruins of the large NNP ranch are in NNP state park east of NNP valley .	1	7	VBP	are	is
assume good faith ] ] says that we should assume other editors are here to improve wikipedia , and there 's been no evidence to the contrary .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the surviving original gothic inventory includes a stone JJ font , a JJ cross , and a late gothic sculpture of the virgin mary .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
sri NNP NNP NNP temple is a hindu temple located in NNP , hyderabad .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are dark grey with a white fringe .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a recent development is the release of a double studio album in which the two NNS contain different NNS of the same tracks .	15	16	VBP	contain	contains
but , the subject is ( from my understanding of statistics ) of relevance .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the challenge is to deal with cases in which multiple updates are initiated RB ( sometimes called an edit conflict ) , or where a failure VBZ an update while it is still in progress .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i still think an article is JJ , albeit unlikely , but you make a good point about the overlap with paint and with all the other possible colors .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP system has two NNS , harry barnes and dave NNP , who first thought of the system after their favourite team , bolton NNP , was relegated due to a RB VBN goal .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the subject looks at letters or symbols , and the sequences they form .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
actually the content of this product is similar to VB typical not only for greece but also for turkey , macedonia and bulgaria , and still differs in its taste and health benefits of real bulgarian NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it is difficult to compare the two cases directly , as their behavior depends on the situation .	12	13	VBZ	depends	depend
the NNP ( NNP or NNP ) people are the original inhabitants of the state of NNP in north east india .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the first is that stars and planets maintain the existence of all physical things on earth , acting as the means by which spiritual forces are transmitted to physical entities .	4	7	VBP	maintain	maintains
the base takes its name from the resident CD regiment of the 15th special forces division , one of the main government units fighting in the battle of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
that page is also a good indication that i need to get a life .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
tram tracks in the hague have been adapted for the longer and wider NNP vehicles , and both lines use the new NN tram tunnel under the NNP .	18	19	VBP	use	uses
the article is long enough , but not detailed enough .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the road is a secondary route , hence has been given the state route designation of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his heart is in JJ 11 in the NNP in the NNP and he is buried in tomb 37 in the imperial NNP in the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the objective is to teach and train a focused group of people on specific subjects of islamic sciences and train them how to teach their communities on the same subjects .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reserve is accessible via quebec route NNP , east of the village of NNP and west of downtown NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mirror image is an optical effect .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the VBG NNP 's principal theme is JJ to an extent not encountered in the previous movement , while the VBG themes tend to be NN .	21	22	VBP	tend	tends
if the material is to be included it should be moved to sixteen NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
they fell out of favor due to manufacturing NNS , maintenance issues ( door NN due to weight ) and cost , but a few examples are still available .	25	26	VBP	are	is
at a first NN , one might think that the second variant of the algorithm is slower than the first , since it changes the value of some of the entries twice .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
soccer matches in africa are governed by a special rule which states that when teams are level after the two legs , the team which scored more goals in the second leg NNS to the next round .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the european settlers intend the destruction of the aboriginal population and society and NN of their land .	2	3	VBP	intend	intends
lake of the woods is a world class NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
carrier concentrations and NN NN of NNP are similar to NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
IN the NN , young JJ warrior , rick , falls in love with JJ princess , NNP .	6	10	VBZ	falls	fall
the central core of the system is a series of enclosed shopping centres , and the city 's flagship department stores .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
or if the redirect has only one version , you may be able to move over the redirect .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
each competitor faces a JJ NN NN about things that they learned throughout the series thus far .	1	2	VBZ	faces	face
the constituency he represented , the first of the northern NNP is the biggest in NNP , having about 16 , 000 people .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
i 'm nominating , but precedent shows it 's NNS for most of these articles .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
the fertile volcanic soils are rich in minerals and hence require no artificial NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
only independent source is a news listing showing that they played once at a local music festival .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the 19 cattle breeds listed include eight in the critical category , two in the threatened , three in the watch , five NN and one in the study .	3	5	VBP	include	includes
the brothers ' plot fails , mainly because the brothers see themselves as NNS and JJ men , not NNS .	4	10	VBP	see	sees
JJ constraints are constraints between JJ bodies that result in the decrease of the degrees of freedom of JJ body system .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the gameplay is similar to that of the puzzle league series , but with a more traditional JJ gameplay where pieces fall from the top of the screen .	20	21	VBP	fall	falls
a ferry comes to entry twice a day from may 1 to december 31 .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
article needs to be checked throughout to ensure sense of time is proper and consistent e .	0	1	VBZ	needs	need
the spiral interior of the shell acts as NN , and a NN is created either by breaking off the point of the shell ( JJ NN ) or by VBG a small hole in the body ( JJ NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	acts	act
as such , all NNS are NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the video then shows him as a young boy riding a bike with the robot behind him and then on a motorcycle through a NN when he 's older .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the part of a base load represents NN .	1	6	VBZ	represents	represent
however , some NNS VBP that this does not represent a rise in the NN of ethnic conflict , since many of the NN wars fought during the cold war were in fact ethnic conflicts VBD as hot spots of the cold war .	3	4	VBP	contend	contends
this call is a quick , harsh , VBG sound that sometimes VBZ an attack on a competitor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this misleading information was probably added by editors in good faith , VBG that any station that makes up the circle is on the ring line .	15	21	VBZ	is	are
in NNP NNP , the player travels in time and photographs images of NNS and other ancient NNS for the `` national NNP society .	5	6	VBZ	travels	travel
two separate translations appear for the surname .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
once a rename is agreed , a bot goes around changing the category tags in the articles for you .	7	8	VBZ	goes	go
VBG actual truth from that NN of confusion is simply not going to happen .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP railway station ( ) serves the town and NN of NNP , in the NNP region , northwestern italy .	2	5	VBZ	serves	serve
no scientific study supports NNP 's position that shock NNS can cause `` injury ( ranging from burns to VB NN ) , and psychological stress .	2	3	VBZ	supports	support
in roy , the route continues north until just after CD south , turning to the northeast along midland drive .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the question is whether someone who does n't VB should be JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fort is also a good structure of stone with a NN all round .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the park contains a vast and JJ network of more than 2 , 000 kilometres of lakes and rivers .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the primary producers of these NNS are vehicle emissions , power plants , and industrial activities .	2	6	VBP	are	is
debate on pakistani english , this article refers to NNP ahmad , and focuses on the use of english in pakistan and does not make any claims to it being a separate dialect .	6	7	VBZ	refers	refer
NNP 's father says , PRP ' , the flow of `` jazz '' music ( and JJ speech ) VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
promotional sources are JJ as references to the subject itself if they do not VB independent sources .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fee structure is both a filter against JJ NNS and a revenue generator .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this plant grows in aquatic habitat , such as NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
due to the great difference in NN intensity , this single molecule is capable of carrying out an JJ operation ; NN at a JJ level .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP stated that `` the experience of NNP shows that such a legislation is completely JJ because no cases in violation of the act have been brought to the notice of the courts '' .	6	9	VBZ	shows	show
the most common type of NN , in which a player puts his shoulder into his opponent to muscle the opponent out of position .	10	11	VBZ	puts	put
variable weather effects in fall , winter and spring months affect the movement rate of combat units .	2	10	VBP	affect	affects
the show is completely informal ; it has no rules , no fee , no prizes , no formal competition , and no NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
she also finds out that her mother is not dead but kept prisoner on another planet called NNP , where there are NNS , NNS , dragons and many other creatures .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if the behavior is problematic in a long-term way , someone will notice it eventually , at which point blocks can be issued or a user rfc started , where the behavior can be VBN in detail .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the present-day population of NNP is around 4 , 000 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
generally house prices are above average for the oxford area , from average in its east ( similar to much of dean court ) , to very expensive towards where the settlement VBZ NNP hill , in its south .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in result , the service life of this kind of drawing dies is greatly longer than the general grade NNP .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
the episode starts with an author , timothy moore , making a NN to his soon to be JJ .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
despite the limited results , many NNS VBP that the evolution of such systems will eventually replace manual classification systems .	6	7	VBP	predict	predicts
no , that first source is a CD page in chinese .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
its population is 13 , CD ( 2004 estimate ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ addition reaction of hydrogen NN to 1 , JJ above room temperature leads predominantly to the RB more stable 1 , 4 NN , JJ , but VBG the reaction temperature to below room temperature VBZ the JJ 1 , 2 NN , CD .	3	14	VBZ	leads	lead
this is not the case because the reviewers of such publishing NNS usually catch factual mistakes .	7	13	VBP	catch	catches
most international students come from vietnam , which is located only a JJ bus ride from NNP .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
article consists almost entirely of show summaries .	0	1	VBZ	consists	consist
the references are not correctly VBN and expanded to a consistent and thorough JJ style of citation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a musician of south asian descent named NNP NNP , wears one on a regular basis .	1	10	VBZ	wears	wear
NN ; no evidence of multiple JJ coverage in independent sources to establish that the term is in widespread use .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the `` 22 '' video features a cast of swift 's real life friends , which includes former NNP girl actress jessica NNP .	4	5	VBZ	features	feature
strong rain makes them fall despite the silk .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
when an option is written , the premium received by the writer is an immediate capital gain .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the main thing of this city is city park .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a new album is in progress for release in 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
every london underground line has stations in zone 1 .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the song `` when it hits home '' draws influence from the 1997 film the devil 's advocate .	1	8	VBZ	draws	draw
the film ends in the NN with NNP and NNP playing guitar and singing together , followed by a kiss .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
more than 1 million patients visit these NNS each year .	4	5	VBP	visit	visits
the design NNP technique requires only standard NNP tools to VB many of the benefits of explicit programming .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
the ruins of the NNP FW NNP ( NNP ' palace ) and of the older church of santa maria are also present .	1	20	VBP	are	is
the king is not a member of the association 's committee , however .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , but few people speak standard NNP as a native tongue .	4	5	VBP	speak	speaks
another possible technology that can aid in reducing space debris is JJ NN of satellites .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
because the motion to VB is a JJ stage in the course of a rule JJ case , the NNS for NNS and NNS argue RB over the rules that VBP such motion to VB .	19	24	VBP	argue	argues
the covered bridge is in NNP township on covered bridge road ( township road NNP ) , which is north of pennsylvania route 87 via NNP dam road ( NNP CD ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
she has dark hair , sometimes wears NNS , and her face is slightly JJR than most girls in NNP comics .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
other notable species reported are NNP NNS , NNP barbara , NNP NN .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ nature of NN allows it to VB well into areas of NN .	2	5	VBZ	allows	allow
however , a paved road goes a short distance past the NN before turning RB to the northwest at a railroad crossing .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
the stadium has a maximum capacity of 22 , 000 people .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the content is JJ and meets general wikipedia inclusion requirements for images .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one song she sang in her final at the NNP NNP grand prix and the other is a piano version of her own song `` NNP e no NNP '' .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
america 's blood centers ' members supply blood products and services to more than 3 , 500 hospitals and healthcare facilities across north america .	5	6	VBP	supply	supplies
now , a NN is a JJ and JJ idea , so .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if anyone is interested , the discussion is here and mostly here .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the album even contains a little country music in the song `` NNP no ha '' .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the JJ measures include the NN and the NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this will cause NN damage , thus it is important that treatment begins as soon as possible .	11	12	VBZ	begins	begin
services include a restaurant , golf course , NN field , sport complex and swimming pool .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these matters are subtle and difficult , and the technically precise NNS might not always have immediate practical consequences .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the average head VBZ 12 pounds , as studied in the university of sydney .	2	3	VBZ	weighs	weigh
the village is residence of people of many NNS and religions but the majority are NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
apparently , some cities with a large historical japanese presence have a VBN version of their name .	3	10	VBP	have	has
but meadows ' lack of critical distance from his subject pays off in NNS by allowing him to capture the passion the roses NN in their fans .	3	10	VBZ	pays	pay
its administrative center is the urban locality ( a work settlement ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the operating profit is prior to interest and taxes being VBN , which makes NNP equal NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
increase and reduction of the heat transfer area is simple in a plate NN , through the addition or removal of plates from the stack .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
the only facility which is still used for railway research is the JJ JJ test facility .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the film starts with a proposal of VBG NNP ray 's famous NNP by a JJ director and NN NNP ( NNP NNP ) to famous bengali actor NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
south park elementary is the school that all the children attend and has appeared in nearly all episodes since the first season .	9	10	VBP	attend	attends
its official name is the `` central criminal court '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its members include over 40 volunteer NNP college student NNS , several volunteer community NNS , and about 5 paid NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
currently , the only JJ residents are defence personnel ; a variety of conservation workers , volunteers and scientists spend time there in the summer months .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the main building within this castle is the governor 's house ( raj NNP ) in which gerald NNP , the first governor of bombay used to stay .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the image is an accurate NN scan of a JJ JJ promotional photograph distributed by the studio , which intended promotional use .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the information is JJ sent an email at such time to a user -- we see a NN of the username so that we can identify multiple NNS to the same account , which could be JJ of abuse .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , brain activity was not measured and as a result the study fails to establish exact timing of the experiences as related to the period of clinical death .	12	13	VBZ	fails	fail
numbering system is two letters and ( up to ) four NNS , e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the square cut or square leg style suit is a JJ male NN used as a slightly more conservative style than swim NNS for water polo and diving , or for recreational wear .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
although the name suggests that the dutch rabbit is from the netherlands , it was actually developed in england .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
these airports combine to make the fourth largest domestic origin and destination market in the united states , after new york city , los angeles , and chicago .	1	2	VBP	combine	combines
once the evidence is JJ , then the article can be proven to be not guilty of NNP , since small children are also described in other articles , such as in `` brad NNP '' and `` tom cruise '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
IN an and NNP NNP ( 1996 ) also provided an explicit solution for the important case in which the NNS of outcomes follow arbitrary ( i .	20	23	VBP	follow	follows
september 2009 ( utc ) will VB the candidate if time allows .	10	11	VBZ	allows	allow
like many NNS that hunt at night , its eyes reflect light ; the reflected light is orange in NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the most common symbols are the elephant , the tree in VBG symbol and the mountain .	3	4	VBP	are	is
although it is clear that the editor is edit warring , the editor may have avoided violation of 3rr in a 24 hour period , depending on whether the first deletion of material is considered a revert , i .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this page has no real purpose .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
fair use rationale for the cream of eric NNP ( dvd ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the irish shipping market connects irish industry and our economy with the world ; in this regard it is one of our most RB important industries .	3	4	VBZ	connects	connect
the name applied by [ [ united kingdom antarctic NNP committee ] ] ( NNP ) is JJ of the island in plan ; it is deeply JJ , with steep cliff faces .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
the forest also provides facilities for JJ tourism and high quality training and research .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
he cited social science research that has shown that a community that is more diverse is more successful economically and felt that passing the resolution would be `` a small step toward making our community known nationally as one that is JJ .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
the disc 's special features include two new audio NNS , one by peter jackson and NNP william cook , the other by NNP in conversation with his NN tony NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
while development in the area today includes numerous residential communities and commercial sites along the major NNS into town , many of the older structures from its past remain within the town limits .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include
the game VBZ around the adventures of field agent michael NNP .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the NN of the three men towers above the ground , measures 90 by , and is VBN into the mountain .	1	11	VBZ	measures	measure
if the cost of removing these NNS of production and distribution is more than the gain , then it is not JJ to remove them .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
NN VBZ that these feelings are mutual , though she does n't say whether she VBZ the students or just NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this targeting works regardless of whether the opponent is behind walls or too far away to be seen directly .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the drainage basin for NNP is very small and only includes a few storm NNS on memorial drive .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
several nations , especially in the caribbean , have their own NNP languages , derived from european languages and various african NNS .	1	8	VBP	have	has
an JJ island is a type of island formed from an JJ clause .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the valve hall also VBZ the NNS from weather and dust .	2	4	VBZ	protects	protect
the first is to recognize that the purpose of a citation is to provide an explicit reference to the statement it 's attached to .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the heir apparent is the present holder 's son charles NNP , whose heir apparent is his son arthur gerald NNP , whose heir apparent is his son arthur NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP terrace , erected in 1883 , is a curious NN of the anticipated 19th century population boom .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS national defence force soldiers fire rubber bullets at police officers VBG in the capital NNP who are VBG an order by president NNP NNP to VB down on protests .	4	5	VBP	fire	fires
click the content NN , then where it says settings beside NNP .	3	8	VBZ	says	say
in NN , the JJ NN theory VBZ the importance of NN in criminal punishment .	6	7	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
it is believed that the site is one of the few places on the continent with an JJ occupation from 200 bce to CD ce .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
personal attacks on american , japanese and south korean leaders are not unknown .	9	10	VBP	are	is
also , NNP and n NNS ( quick lock or VBN ) are very important to the NNP and NNP industry , and have nothing to do with internal cell phone electronics .	5	12	VBP	are	is
andrew NNP , a labour mp whose constituency includes the bbc television centre , arrived to support the protests , RB attacking the bbc 's `` NN '' , saying that local people on the estates were `` RB VBN '' .	7	8	VBZ	includes	include
ab band is popular for its JJ NNS and VBZ that 's usually VBN to NNP city and NNP district for trade and exchange for goods .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ approach to the study of JJ functions is the consideration of NNS they satisfy .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
how this particular incident falls into that larger piece is yet to be determined .	3	4	VBZ	falls	fall
its opening melody is played with electric guitar ( as opposed to acoustic on the album ) and the vocal and JJ lines differ .	22	23	VBP	differ	differs
cord JJ car is here '' , the new york times .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
object , history section is extremely JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN pages often provide information about NN , but that is not their main purpose .	2	4	VBP	provide	provides
examples include NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the former ammunition stores are still there , in a JJ state , and the NN provides good habitats for NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
mine is a 2005 NNP press copy , the british print of the book .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
in this work , NNP tried to show that changes in material conditions , such as the introduction of steam power , produce changes in intellectual development .	9	22	VBP	produce	produces
the basin occupies much of the central and northern parts of NNP oblast , as well as parts of NNP district of NNP oblast .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the city is a popular travel destination , for its spanish NN buildings as well as elite 19th century architecture .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
surgical treatment for JJ benefit is an option in some cases after the disease has been inactive for one to two or more years .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the film is a NN of the events leading up to the NN of jesus christ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is JJ NN , and the one who invented the NN realizes this .	7	12	VBZ	realizes	realize
the problem has a solution , but that solution may not be unique .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as i suspect there may be other accounts out there it may also pick up other socks - especially if this account uses another machine with a different ip .	21	22	VBZ	uses	use
angel 's girlfriend ( NNP NNP ) , who rides a motorcycle NN , recognizes NNP and shows him a poster she made of newspaper articles about his police career .	2	14	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
this disease is an NN of the NN in the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the settings include the four seasons ( winter , spring , summer , and autumn ) that make up the NNP world of NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
my result is an archived google news search limited to 1997 that shows several pages of clear and obvious press sources specifically about the pilot episode .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
different countries ( and even different universities in the same country ) have different names for their degrees .	1	12	VBP	have	has
the founder of winners ' chapel , bishop david NNP believes that a divine vision told him to hold such a gathering .	1	10	VBZ	believes	believe
its name is spanish for NN , in reference to the pitch of the NN pine which was used by the spanish americans as a folk medicine and a substitute for VBG NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what the frog 's eye tells the frog 's brain , proceedings of the NNP , vol .	4	5	VBZ	tells	tell
one common size is about 6 inches ( 15 cm ) across .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the young NNS seem RB with their NN of CD !	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
given that the confidence levels surrounding all of the NNS are wide , virtually all NNS are effectively VBN within the uncertainty previously indicated in the NNP .	4	10	VBP	are	is
r clearly says that satellite launches are to be posted in NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the JJ tiger is the largest of the extant tiger subspecies as well as the largest NN , VBG in an exceptional specimen .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article is here as part of the series from the template .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the factory has of floor space over of land .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
unless appropriate sources exist , that would be original research .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
mail originating in the new york region used to move more slowly than that from other regions , but the experience behind that statement is now a couple of decades old .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
JJ plantation is a historic home located at marion , somerset county , maryland , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fields also appear in many other areas of mathematics ; see the examples below .	0	2	VBP	appear	appears
the central arguments in the abortion debate are JJ or JJ .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP manuscript consists of twelve volumes and relates the first part of the long NNP epic .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the album is notable for being the first with new drummer steve NNP , replacing bob NNP , and for showing signs of the band VBG away from their no wave past and toward a greater alternative rock NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her mother NNP is a NN and her father NNP NNP is a businessman .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
critics argue that this important legal instrument has not been enough to completely address their social and developmental needs .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
the woods are full of NNP ( 1937 ) , she was VBN as a NN NN NN named NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	Are	Is
greg admits his grades are n't good enough and that he dropped out of school to join the army .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the goods perform the same basic functions but have differences in qualities such as type , style , quality , reputation , appearance , and location that tend to distinguish them from each other .	1	2	VBP	perform	performs
the book is mentioned multiple times throughout the 2007 NNP film , away from her , in which several passages are read RB during the film .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a corn dog is a hot dog NN VBN in a thick layer of NN NN and deep VBN in oil , although some are VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
redirect since content was moved to NNP than words gfdl makes it problematic to delete this but the person is otherwise non-notable .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
other work includes setting up NNP public school in new delhi and also a network of centres all over the country to train boys and girls from poor families , specially NNS , so that they can compete in open job market .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
but that aside , the real issues are reliability ( first and foremost ) and then notability ( a secondary issue for the NNP movement itself ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is
institutes report directly to the NNS concerned on matters pertaining to academic policies and programs .	0	1	VBP	report	reports
the JJ ratings come in from allmusic , NNP , and it got one NN from cross NNP .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
none of this means that a planned film is JJ to be released .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this crater has a circular , JJ shape but the rim is worn and does not project very far above the surface .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a JJ derivative of JJ acid , NN is in the JJ family of NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are the same shape , but made in two pieces ( front ) and three pieces ( rear ) with small covers hiding the joining NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the conflict of interest article also explains why creating pages about things related to you is generally a bad idea .	1	6	VBZ	explains	explain
on 28 february 1902 a NNP to rose grove goods train broke into two due to a broken NN , resulting in the rear half eventually VBG at high speed into the front half in NNP tunnel .	9	10	VBP	train	trains
the procedure of the NNP is only a study preparatory to the examination of the document itself .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the town today relies mainly on the industries of forestry and tourism .	1	3	VBZ	relies	rely
the case is now under `` checked cases VBG administration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
powers claimed that `` the best moments of this album are those when vintage NNP styles are VBN with new expertise .	6	10	VBP	are	is
some contributions include NNP and NNP , NNP , NNP garden in the campus .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a team photograph with relatives of current NNP players still survives .	2	10	VBZ	survives	survive
the polar bear is the most JJ member of the bear family , and throughout most of its range , its diet primarily consists of VBN ( NNP NN ) and VBN seals ( NNP NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
voiced by dan NNP , NNP first appears in episode 3 of season 1 as a new recruit , whose JJ personality tends to VB other members of the blood NNP red team , a group of soldiers engaged in a JJ civil war against the blue team .	21	22	VBZ	tends	tend
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` NNP '' by the college football wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the production is a cooperation of the british bbc with the german NNP NNP and NNP NNP , executed by NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
three english ladies hear about the death of an NN of PRP .	2	3	VBP	hear	hears
the JJ NNS of more than just military training with inclusion of political and purely educational matters gave cadets form the commonwealth a better understanding of fed NNP officers ' inner thinking .	18	19	VBP	form	forms
the vehicle runs off the runway and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
i can understand the normal desire to wait for hard results in cases like this , but i think that this case is a little different .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the city is JJ with hidden underground tunnels beneath the castle and in the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the systematic name of this enzyme class is NNP ( NNP ) NN NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS used in phrases fall after the noun they are VBG , such as in `` ( the ) great god '' ( '' '' ) .	1	5	VBP	fall	falls
the district has a total of 26 municipalities , an area of , and a population ( ) of about CD , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
doubt the zoo project wants to add the parameter .	3	4	VBZ	wants	want
this list falls RB into all of those aforementioned NNS .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
if the window is an odd shape , you may be able to cut an appropriate shaped NN from NNP type sheet NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
execution of a program proceeds NN , VBG r , NNP , and ( q ) as they are encountered , until there is nothing more to VB .	0	4	VBZ	proceeds	proceed
the town VBZ its collection with an annual `` NNP festival '' held each spring since 1981 .	1	2	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
the song features NNP wayne , and was performed by the duo at the bet hip hop awards .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this can be seen when the bot 's location updates automatically in the NNP , and also when the bot 's account owner actually logs in to NNP as the bot itself .	22	24	VBZ	logs	log
in the same section , lake george cold be linked to again , and if an article exists lord john murray could be as well .	16	17	VBZ	exists	exist
green NNS show high areas of NNS .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the source of the NNP color list strongly appears to be wikipedia itself !	1	8	VBZ	appears	appear
our discussion VBZ to using an already valid image across multiple articles .	1	2	VBZ	pertains	pertain
the video features NNP sitting in a bar watching people come and go .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the representations of local customs on family NNS are particularly interesting .	1	8	VBP	are	is
many mountain roads require heavy equipment operators to remain in gear and not shift while passing down a steep grade .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
in this mode , the player moves from level to level , travelling all around the world .	5	6	VBZ	moves	move
to reduce the NN required by the vision computer so that parts are quickly VBN it is a good idea to use a type of mechanical NN known as NN or NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the council consists of 79 councillors elected for a four-year term from 21 wards .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
according to the 2003 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
nearby airports providing scheduled flights are NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP ( in switzerland ) and NNP al NNP airport near NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the road winds to the JJ through more rural areas before entering suburban residential development and crossing george street .	1	2	VBZ	winds	wind
a critical challenge of the internet era is the ability to meet the other human being .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
sometimes such an issue will also be repeated and , therefore , VBD , by someone passing on an incorrect NN if the following person makes the same kind of mistake again ( of course , the error might also be reversed ) .	24	25	VBZ	makes	make
abuse of civil hall of NNP list of actions or comments that NNP NNS with in some way , serves no encyclopedic purpose whatsoever , only serves to promote NN or NNS .	0	19	VBZ	serves	serve
into this scenario comes jo ( NNP das ) who is RB in love with NNP .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
common mammals include deer , NN , mountain lion , black bear , douglas NNS , red tree NNS , and VB NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
their web page seems to show that they provide digital television , so you should contact them .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the academic degree awarded is master of science , NNP ( nursing sciences supplement ; evidence based nursing and JJ ) .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
although we may never know with complete NN the identity of the winner of this year 's presidential election , the identity of the NN is perfectly clear .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
when the VBG branch from the NN nerve is large and continued to the NN of the leg , the JJ branch of the JJ NN is small , and NNS in the NN , occasionally giving off a few JJ NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the published text of the play includes a NNP , in which the actor speaking the piece is interrupted by three of the audience members sitting on the stage of the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
though the site is in JJ condition now , a well , a muslim NN and a tunnel located at the eastern gate are still visible .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this method looks at citations on NNS prepared by students ' and faculty 's written work to see if the resources used are included in the learning institute 's partner library .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
however , contemporary newspaper accounts make no mention of a connection between NNP 's death and the warehouse district fire .	4	5	VBP	make	makes
the same procedure follows for 1000 , too .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
arabic is a major language , names of places in this language have significance , sourcing will be readily available .	6	12	VBP	have	has
JJ architecture or JJ architecture is a unique strain of art and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ oil company is the main industrial enterprise in the settlement .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
superman and NNP 's `` overly JJ '' designs are also objects of a degree of NN .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the first episode is the NNP game .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the french title `` NNP JJ NNS se NN '' literally VBZ into `` when our NNS shall VB '' , but in the english version of the lyrics , by NNP ' wife NNP brand , it became `` when the spring comes round '' .	42	43	VBZ	comes	come
under its current rules , NNP members are national and international organizations that agree with its main principles and any of its objectives and pay membership fees .	6	7	VBP	are	is
for example , power plants licensed in the united states require a negative void NN of NN ( this means that if water is removed from the reactor core , the nuclear reaction will tend to shut down , not increase ) .	4	10	VBP	require	requires
this album is the third in a trio of robin NNP albums on NNP records .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while his NN shots encourage people to find differences ( from themselves ) in physical characteristics of criminals , his crime scene photographs revealed similarities to the public .	3	4	VBP	encourage	encourages
noted physician and collector hans NNP develops a milk chocolate drink in jamaica which is initially used by NNS , but later sold to the NNP brothers .	1	6	VBZ	develops	develop
weak support original , support NN 1 the NN is JJR and shows the tail .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
that full moon thing is one of the many NNS that people who work in hospitals tend to believe .	11	16	VBP	tend	tends
large JJ NNS help maintain board control and strengthen your existing army .	2	3	VBP	help	helps
thus , for example , the JJ representation of NN ( 2 ) is the defining NN of so ( 3 ) .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
the property covers , and consists of a VBN valley with a stream running the length of the property from north to south .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
her stage name , selected as NNP NNP ' while at dramatic school at 14 , is a composite of theatre actress lynn NNP and author j .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
also , issues such as NN and environmental impact need to be taken into account .	2	9	VBP	need	needs
its western limit is the great NNP range .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the college follows founder NNP cohen 's JJ education philosophy .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
i actually oppose the need for this rfc because whether people think i am ready to be a NN or not , i seriously doubt any logical and informed person could have reasonably concluded i was power NN .	10	11	VBP	think	thinks
the flag is simply to VB the mail carrier that there is VBG mail .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a forward freight agreement ( NNP ) is a financial forward contract that allows ship owners , NNS and NNS to VB against the NN of freight rates .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
nowadays , the NNS sometimes differ , because NNP carries some translated programs that its english counterpart does not , as they are aired on other cable networks .	3	5	VBP	differ	differs
the gardens are also the subject for the cover of NNP NNP 's 2012 album NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
about user NNP and what he said can be easily checked , if necessary , and the conclusion of that discussion is a little different than what you are saying .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
completed in CD or CD , the painting was previously called woman NNP gold before JJ evaluation VBZ that the balance in her hands is empty .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
things get JJR later on as time goes by , but things get better .	0	1	VBP	get	gets
further if another editor continues to remove properly and RB sourced information from an article then reverting that is not considered edit warring .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
its harbour , situated on the NNP strait , provides services for marine fishing , VBZ NNS and tour NNS along the coast , especially the rocky shore of NNP to the north .	1	9	VBZ	provides	provide
the one most people know of .	3	4	VBP	know	knows
a separate , JJ title , woman NNP ( NNP ) , is also available , but is something of a NN .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the goal of the educational system of the college is to VB its members with JJ literacy in the field of economics and social sciences , which makes them competitive anywhere in the world .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the cult of NNP at NNP is ancient .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
according to another interpretation , however , the association with NNP is merely JJ , since the name actually found in NNP VBZ is `` NNP '' ( NNP 2009 ) .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
this secondary sector includes basic industrial businesses involved in NN , industrial NNS and lumber industries .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
as such , the intellectual property of this NN belongs to all europeans across the european world and can be distributed and translated without limitations .	5	9	VBZ	belongs	belong
again , the purpose of NN is to allow for the web of wikipedia articles and its NN sources to stay dynamic .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the decoration of the NN 's summit includes a statue of the `` madonna with child '' , between two circles and NNP bands VBG the upper edge .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include
part of the reason for the NN of NNP NNS is that mount NNP sits on a major deposit of copper .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
the constitution also allows the election of such other officers as the society may VB necessary to conduct its affairs .	1	3	VBZ	allows	allow
some trucks are all one VBD piece while others are JJ versions of regular NN trucks .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he VBZ himself well but everything is still too new for him to be able to answer questions by others as admins have to do .	21	22	VBP	have	has
NNP , north carolina , usa , the station serves the NNP area .	8	9	VBZ	serves	serve
this category contains railway stations in NNP county borough , one of the principal areas of wales .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
likewise , israel NNP proposed that the polish underground might have attacked the camps and blown up the railway tracks leading to them , but as noted by NNP , such ideas are a product of NN .	31	32	VBP	are	is
i think the question is whether a genre of music played only by one band deserves its own article .	7	15	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the east facade of the church , facing route 94 , is a JJ NN with JJ corner NNS and NNP columns .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the numbers refer to the atomic mass number for each NN , or the number of NNS and NNS in the atomic nucleus .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers
men 's head coach is barry NNP and women 's head coach is sandy NNP both entering their 21st season in 2014 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP graph is JJ , and plays a key role in a proof by that it is JJ to determine whether a JJ JJ graph is JJ .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
NNP content has to comply readily not just with u .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
so in short , foreign scripts in NNS are something we just have to learn to deal with it .	5	8	VBP	are	is
this approach falls short if the computer is connected to more than one network at the same time ( as for a computer with both an NNP and a wireless interface ) .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
the NNP trophy itself is a JJ NNP strip with NNS inside it .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
popular bars in NNP NNP include NNP bar , rocky bar , amy 's bar , NNP 2 house and NNP bar .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
a NNP NN drives spiral density waves both in NNS ( where stars are subject to forcing by the spiral arms themselves ) and in saturn 's rings ( where ring particles are subject to forcing by saturn 's NNS ) .	31	32	VBP	are	is
the two missing NNS are the devil and the tower .	3	4	VBP	are	is
just as importantly , the bill VBZ that the agencies have the staff and resources to enable them to meet those NNS by creating a dedicated revenue stream through solar and wind NN NNS .	9	10	VBP	have	has
only change is that these people sell NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
regardless , the washington times article in question is the only article that has multiple references to VB that appeared in a newspaper published outside the state of washington .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the list of uses is synthesis -- a collection of primary sources used to advance a secondary point .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the chief dispute VBZ around israel 's occupation of east jerusalem , while broader agreement exists regarding the israeli presence in west jerusalem .	2	3	VBZ	revolves	revolve
there are multiple internal reviews , and the court has the final oversight .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
such a thing can happen when the engine runs very rich , VBG JJ fuel and particles on the NNS and NNS .	7	8	VBZ	runs	run
can not help all the NNS , as even NNS have to start RB .	9	10	VBP	have	has
performers are international , and established , acknowledged professionals in the field .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the show features rick and his father , richard harrison ( generally referred to on the show as `` the old man '' ) along with his son NNP ( `` big NNP '' ) and NNP 's childhood friend and employee austin `` NNP '' russell .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NNS and NN appear to be more common in wilson 's disease .	0	3	VBP	appear	appears
the painting depicts NNP , a character from shakespeare 's play hamlet , singing while floating in a river just before she NNS .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
a subsequent review of these tests by the federal NNP , NNP , and NNP act scientific advisory panel points out that while `` the negative results decrease the probability that the NNP protein is the cause of NN symptoms in the individuals examined .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
flowers are pink with long NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
their parents have long since disappeared , although their exact fate is not described .	1	2	VBP	have	has
reservoir de NNP and then east passing over a ridge where the road meets NNP and the a 38 .	12	13	VBZ	meets	meet
the NNP solution , for example , is a special case of a solution class that contains three physically arbitrary coordinate functions .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
newer , medieval farms are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the first intersection is with union deposit road , near the NNP city limits .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
of course the admin seems to never have the time to VB even at such actions being reported .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the NNP code of NNP is CD .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in the spring , students are able to volunteer their time to try out and participate in the pit orchestra for the annual musical .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the campus is now large enough to accommodate future growth of the church and the school if need be .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP restaurants also only offer JJ plates , NNS , NNS , NNS , etc .	2	5	VBP	offer	offers
the length of the NNS is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN by itself does not define these features ; rather , its focus is JJ and NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
road NNP 's recreational vehicle includes a kitchen , a NN , a bedroom and a living room .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
nitrogen waste products become toxic to fish and other NN inhabitants above a certain concentration .	2	3	VBP	become	becomes
the article needs some cleanup , but presumably that will come in due course .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
in addition , the university has an affiliated middle school .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
because NNP depends on a knowledge of ( sometimes natural ) human communication , many aspects of NNP are NNS of human communications topics that are much older than NNS per se .	15	18	VBP	are	is
the rock was charted in 1935 by di personnel on the discovery ii but the name appears to be first used on a 1948 admiralty chart based upon this survey .	15	16	VBZ	appears	appear
one of the police visits most feared by many villagers is the JJ examinations to see if the houses are clean .	18	19	VBP	are	is
an example of a NN is lead NN ( NNP ) , which occurs naturally as lead is formed in the alpha decay of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN himself , who however RB denied it and whose acknowledged works have little resemblance in style to those of martin , to sir michael NNP ( by the historian a .	11	12	VBP	have	has
figure 8 shows a filter using JJ NNS .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNP parish ( ) is an administrative unit of the NNP municipality , latvia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it uses low frequency signals transmitted and received as described above , with the difference that the signals are continuous wave and the signal 's frequency determines its code meaning , which results in much faster response time .	17	18	VBP	are	is
an electric storm VBG in france as a result of the breakdown at one of the electric stations accidentally puts in contact george NNP and NNP NNP who meet each other via the NN .	2	19	VBZ	puts	put
british spelling makes a relevant point .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the front cover artwork features an original illustration by respected NNP and NNP artist , NNP NNP ( also known as `` NNP '' ) .	3	4	VBZ	features	feature
the many characters played by JJ actors VBP the story the feel of a documentary .	2	7	VBP	lend	lends
making it bigger also means making it harder to use specially if the `` topic '' is a combination of different things - like science .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
it is the second promotional single released from their third studio album , a JJ NNP , and first to go for radio adds .	22	23	VBZ	adds	add
could everybody please NN for NN , this post is very hard to follow this way .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
most JJ results for perennial and JJ crops conclude that NNS can supplement JJ energy demands and VB NNP emissions to the atmosphere .	2	8	VBP	conclude	concludes
low JJ comedy often shows the social elevation of the hero or NN and often ends in marriage .	2	4	VBZ	shows	show
some comments of this debate illustrate why the article is needed .	1	5	VBP	illustrate	illustrates
SYM - white side panel of notes has NNP gandhi NN .	4	7	VBZ	has	have
another way is to change a password daily , and publish it in the restaurant so that only genuine NNS can use it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at the north end of the triangle are first presbyterian church , whose distinctive NN VBZ the village 's NN , giving the district its name .	14	15	VBZ	dominates	dominate
NNS RB or RB from the guideline range are appropriate for cases that VBP from the NN of cases .	0	8	VBP	are	is
finds VBN from NNP are at the NNP archaeological museum .	0	4	VBP	are	is
this list of systems engineering books gives a JJ listing of the most general publications on systems engineering since the 1950s .	1	6	VBZ	gives	give
as a result , mickey and hope 's relationship appears to be about to break up .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
a common contest practice is for a JJ station to contact a rare station and then ask that station to change to another frequency band to contact the other JJ operator on that new , different band .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the last section contains a url to the NN article .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
as this trend continues , he believes he is VBG and sees his physician , dr .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
north korean cinema is difficult to find .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
publicly protected areas in the watershed include james NNP state park off the NNP parkway and the NNP multiple use area nearby .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
the difference operator acts on two relations and produces the set of NNS from the first relation that do not exist in the second relation .	2	3	VBZ	acts	act
the idol of the VBG deity NNP is JJ as it is the only known one in the world to VB NNP in human form .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN of the NNP moth , as discovered by NNP , is in NNP 's phrase `` VBN in relation to [ its ] attitude '' , i .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the front face of the main is a JJ steel plate , which produces a large number fragments when the mine is VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i was VBG better arguments in this afd than the fact that other articles exist .	13	14	VBP	exist	exists
NNP as an island group includes NNP proper , the NNPS and NNP groups of islands to the north , and the JJ islands of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
they remain JJ , desperate to survive , to the point they have let the NNP 's rumors come true .	17	18	VBP	come	comes
a pace stick usually consists of two pieces of wood , VBN at the top , and VBG towards the bottom , very similar to large wooden NN NNS used on school NNS .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
while components sold by these companies have much in common with other audio applications or may market the same products for non ice applications , they are noted for marketing their products specifically for ice use .	1	6	VBP	have	has
if the player manages to find both of his friends along with mr .	2	3	VBZ	manages	manage
the bottom third of the extension is transparent , the middle third VBN and JJ , and the top is a solid JJ box .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately south-east of NNP and west of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
pipeline accidents are not common enough for statistics to be relevant .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP is VBN into completing the ritual , and the NNS begin to VB all of the girls in the school .	10	11	VBP	begin	begins
the field is estimated to contain of proven natural gas reserves however more recent exploration and analysis suggests that reserves could reach with potential up to .	14	17	VBZ	suggests	suggest
her NNS include writing and playing music .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP whose mind is pure machinery !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the total number of students in NNP VBZ 100 between the ages of 10 and 16 , with 13 teachers .	2	7	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
summers are extremely hot , reaching and overnight NNS of with very high NN making the night extremely hot and heat NNS may reach in the day .	0	1	VBP	are	is
some editions combine the entire work into a single volume .	1	2	VBP	combine	combines
the female of NNP NN VBZ her eggs in the soil .	1	5	VBZ	lays	lay
only when it is made an article is this of interest , and then the or is removed rather than a reason to delete the article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
when the subject of a marginal blp like this one objects i think that keeping the article does more harm than good , which is why i nominated this for deletion the first time .	2	10	VBZ	objects	object
another legend has a player and his servant dying of cold in NNP , noted by welsh JJ edward NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNP has a sunday school in which children that attend learn how to read , write , and speak thai .	8	11	VBP	learn	learns
NNP has left the NNP dean 's position , and a new election is to be held in autumn 2010 .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
with the border removed , the images are each - and combined - way less than CD .	6	7	VBP	are	is
this article was nominated IN it talks about a very important world issue and people need to be more aware of what is going on with the JJ water supply .	14	15	VBP	need	needs
the title track is based upon the NNP 69 song `` if the kids are united '' .	13	14	VBP	Are	Is
measuring by , the eggs are pale pink , sometimes JJ , with NN and NN NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
when low lying areas of land are VBN , the general method is to dig drainage NNS .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
page 8 of this pdf gives some information on NNP .	0	5	VBZ	gives	give
due to size and weight limitations , heat NNS are not common in NNP aircraft electronic speed controller ( NNP ) , therefore the NNP is almost always smaller than the motor .	8	9	VBP	are	is
because every case is unique to the patient , it is important that you discuss your treatment options with your physician .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the vertical parts of letters are thick .	2	5	VBP	are	is
finally , the image has to be used in the main article namespace , and nowhere else .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
it seems that she is actually the fourth alien , and that is proved in NNP ' , when the aliens see their mother and she explains things to them .	20	21	VBP	see	sees
the upper stage contains JJ bell NNS on each side .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
in total , the construction area for the solar NNP is CD .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
specifically , NNS demand prohibition of the sale of alcohol while criminal NNS want it to stay illegal for greater profit .	2	3	VBP	demand	demands
the fact it is new is not a valid argument .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
her mysterious companion is a boy who talks to angels .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the copy is , i believe , of sufficient resolution for commentary and identification but lower resolution than the original cover .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the young generations have also the same touch of education as from their NNPS many of their young boys are engineers , doctors and management directors , while the girls are focused on their home and social life .	2	3	VBP	have	has
this event is especially remarkable for being used to justify NNP for assassination of the ukrainian leader in 1926 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this identifies the JJ NN and RB NN as key areas in whether people change in regard to something due to its being popular with their peer group .	13	14	VBP	change	changes
story '' mode is similar to the `` career '' mode of the first rock band game and follows a linear NN through the beatles history .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the next necessity is NNS to make it VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the suggestion that they had just VBN in after seeing 3rr report is n't the case .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
la NNP del NNP ( the house of pounds ) this building stands in the main square and is built over five JJ NNS with long NN .	11	12	VBZ	stands	stand
the united states system allows a NN to use a half year convention for personal property or JJ convention for real property .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
the global shape and NN of the universe is an open question .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this neighborhood association actually VBZ and includes in full other neighborhood association boundaries .	2	4	VBZ	overlaps	overlap
this roof is covered first with grass , and then with earth ; so that the JJ appearance is like a NN .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
both can be used where blood tests show RB high levels of NNS , but are effective even when this is not the case .	6	7	VBP	show	shows
the end of the video appears to parody the his master 's voice logo with a NN and a dog ( i .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the address is NNP NNP CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this area also contains a NN of the tomb of NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
halls of residence are not RB notable .	0	3	VBP	are	is
in statistics , the reference class problem is the problem of deciding what class to use when VBG the probability applicable to a particular case .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
other subjects include NNP , NNP and scene with NNP , often surrounded by the JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the quality of air is acceptable , however some NNS could have a moderate effect in the NN for a small fraction of the population that have high NN to some NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
existing literature has widely VBN the fact that social behavior is greatly affected by the causes to which people attribute actions .	18	19	VBP	attribute	attributes
the village has a public house , the queen 's head .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
since december 2006 , all back issues of the NNP plant newsletter are available as NNP from the website of the international NNP plant society .	6	12	VBP	are	is
and , as explained above , many people believe that we are creating something of quality here .	7	8	VBP	believe	believes
our lady of NNP school , commonly known as NNP school or just NNP , is a privately funded and independent school for male and female students , founded in NNP , west sussex , england in 1862 by the sisters of NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
when the street ends , it encounters the northern terminus of the middle branch trail , which turns south onto warren street .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
the two highways overlap , first by going north and then by going west , into NNP city .	2	3	VBP	overlap	overlaps
in a NN , the eyes detect when a ball is absent , causing it to turn .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this type of NN also involves low frequencies .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
set in london , the film opens with american NN author catherine NNP in a VBG car with her companion , kevin NNP , a famous english football star .	5	6	VBZ	opens	open
NNP 's marriage , and other early biographical details , see jennifer van bergen , NNP NNP NNP .	8	10	VBP	see	sees
the station is an interchange point between the NNP NNP and the NNP NNP light rail system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fruits are JJ ( not quite JJ ) , gray , VBD , and about 0 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the village of NNP is the oldest village in monroe county , incorporated in 1827 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the distinction between a stock and a flow is elementary , and dates back centuries in accounting practice ( distinction between an asset and income , for instance ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP has iso CD and NNP CD certification continues to have ( as of 2011 ) on the basis of establishing the demanded and essential environmental , health and safety management systems .	7	8	VBZ	continues	continue
a google news archive search indicates that the matches take place in clubs around sydney .	8	9	VBP	take	takes
keep refs have been added and the download counter is high enough .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the music video consists of the band playing the song live on stage .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
however , i fail to see how this article is anything but a collection of quotes and opinions from a bunch of authors .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
many young riders look about to her and many NNS want their riders to be like her .	9	10	VBP	want	wants
vandalism and repeated JJ edits are another matter altogether .	4	5	VBP	are	is
other episodes take the letter people to more exotic ( though still JJ ) VBZ such as outer space ( eventually , the show would include more standard NN , like NNS , meadows , miss o 's opera house , etc .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
established in 2000 , the school is affiliated to the central board of secondary education , delhi and runs classes from NN to class NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its course flows southwest , through the main nevada lands of the fort NNP NNP and NNP tribes and then south and southwest receiving the kings river flowing south from kings river valley .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
the collection consists of JJ and `` important '' stories from marvel comics NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the numbers point to a bad situation that is only getting worse .	1	2	VBP	point	points
endorsed upon review , i am not seeing any indication in the article that the subject is notable .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
limited episodes are available online via NN VBG on the official website .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a google search returns five results , all of which are wikipedia or its mirrors .	3	10	VBP	are	is
the fire chief of atlanta is the top official within the atlanta fire department .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the crisis VBZ from a hurricane destroying an important pipeline at port NNP in louisiana , a NN collision closing a busy port , terrorist attacks and tension with saudi arabia over the oil trade , and other fictional events .	1	2	VBZ	arises	arise
the way to fix vfd is not to construct rules for csd which are too narrow or open to interpretation .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the wikipedia notability guidelines for sport say that a person has to have competed at the highest level of the game .	3	6	VBP	say	says
even though cooking is normally carried out in air , the temperatures and environmental conditions are such that there is little or no NN of the original substances or their NN products .	11	15	VBP	are	is
the format of NN language statements reflects the layout of an JJ NN card , though successive versions have VBN most of the restrictions .	1	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
artists that influenced the ep 's sound include elvis , poison , and van NNP .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
the only person standing in their way is colonel john lynch of internal operations , an original member of NNP 12 , VBZ the NNP 13 project and is determined to VB their illegal operations .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the south section of main line begins in NNP district , NNP city , which is almost along with NNP river ( NN ) and NNP river ( NNP ) , and ends in NNP .	2	6	VBZ	begins	begin
students have a state test performance index of 97 .	0	1	VBP	have	has
one is named NNP while the second son is NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
c temperatures and high speeds of NNS make oil NN and ball NNS JJ ; they require air NNS or possibly magnetic NNS .	1	7	VBP	make	makes
the xbox version is JJ on xbox 360 with its NNP NNP feature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
martin NNP , an expert on the history of stockholm , writes the coins tourists give to the sculpture , in spite of the NNS given by the guides , are collected by the finnish church which attempts to VB the phenomenon .	14	15	VBP	give	gives
the only editor who was making a big deal about this is on a NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the burden is on you to show that .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
by the same NN , the purpose of wikipedia is not to offer originally VBN prose `` NN '' notable ideas which the scientific community may consider to be JJ or JJ .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the music program consists of orchestra through all levels from beginning to symphony , and band from beginning to marching band .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the modern JJ NNS contain the club 's name in a JJ font , similar to the NNP NN .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
delaware state highway is fully independent from two departments that manage it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the book is about the space pirates from NNP and an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the southern training wall of the gold coast NNP is the northern end of the gold coast NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the heights continue to grow slowly towards the highest peak , NNP peak , at 2 , CD m .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
one tuesday afternoon NNP and NNP are VBN of their sister when the old nurse , sarah , happens to bring out the NN NNP wore on her night of triumph at the town hall .	14	18	VBZ	happens	happen
marshall also argued that the very nature of the judicial function requires courts to make this determination .	6	11	VBZ	requires	require
january 2007 - all NNP class patrol boats are to be placed on operational restrictions due to a NN of fuel system NNS , similar restrictions were last in place in september 2006 .	7	8	VBP	are	is
this category contains songs recorded by NNP west .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
all saints ' anglican church claims to be the most JJ church in the anglican provinces of canterbury and york .	4	5	VBZ	claims	claim
when you click on the NNP ' icon in the NNP NNP , a small panel appears with a NN as reviewed ' button .	15	16	VBZ	appears	appear
early known NNS of the song include allan NNP 's the JJ NNP in CD and thomas percy 's NNP of ancient english poetry in CD .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
their special function allows them to VB enemy cities , giving the player significant advantage in NN against that civilization .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
unlike london 's deep level tube railways , the railway tunnels are just below the surface and are a similar size to those on british main lines .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP sports include baseball , basketball , NN leading , cross country , football , golf , NNP NNP ( drill team ) , soccer , softball , swimming , tennis , track , volleyball , water polo and wrestling .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
analysis of NNP NNS reveals how selective pressure has shaped the evolution of variable cone size and function throughout the family .	0	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the album comprises one JJ piece , entitled `` sleeping in the dawn '' .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
bio does state that players who are recognised first team squad members ( which he appears to be ) at major clubs ( which sporting RB is ) can have an article .	0	1	VBZ	does	do
this image is so JJ that it 's JJ useless .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another problem is wikipedia and its overwhelming popularity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think they need to show that their text is equal or better than the image , for encyclopedic purposes .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
eu NNP projects are both JJ and VBN by an eu commission representative and appointed independent NNS who have been chosen for their RB acknowledged expertise in the area of research prior to acceptance of the project by the eu .	2	3	VBP	are	is
some NN NNS use cuts reminiscent of pipe tobacco .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
this 2 disc set comes with both versions of NNP 's NNP .	2	4	VBZ	comes	come
assuming that people want to hear the far left political views that NNP advocates , but are being fed JJ views by JJ media , or VBD into NN by JJ entertainment , then they should at least not RB tune into conservative views .	2	3	VBP	want	wants
the municipality also consists of smaller NNS including NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
his first movie , a comedy called convincing NNP is in partnership with his long-time NN , actor and screenwriter NNP williams .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
this particular NN has one layer composed of a JJ NNP sheet and the other layer is made of three NNS NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the farm ranges in altitude from CD above sea level on the slopes of the mountain to CD on the valley floor .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the NN group is composed by the rest of the members of the JJ group and is also called iso NNS group ( , ( NNS , iso NNS ) , the term derives from the byzantine greek musical tradition , where the `` NN '' also features .	32	33	VBZ	derives	derive
a costume shop has costumes that transform the NN into the creature they dress as .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the rough estimate of number of cards processed on different versions of this application software around the world is 350 million .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
commonly VBN work products include software requirements specifications and test plans .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
these two versions have different amino acid sequences and different secondary structures .	2	3	VBP	have	has
i do not feel that this oppose is JJ and am not completely convinced that it is made in good faith .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
neutral - great edits ( NN not so great NN with summaries ) , a long time valuable contributor , clearly ; but the points brought up by the opposing users are all valid .	24	31	VBP	are	is
the fact that he had another file with a very similar name explains it perfectly .	1	12	VBZ	explains	explain
the main theater is also the home of the annual national college comedy festival .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
because uranium ore VBZ NN gas , uranium mining can be more dangerous than other underground mining , unless adequate NN systems are installed .	2	3	VBZ	emits	emit
ruins of an ancient temple and an ancient NN of the lighthouse of alexandria are to be seen here .	0	14	VBP	are	is
according to 2010 census figures , the population of the town is CD , a 10 .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
each application follows the NNP NN , and applications are typically placed in the applications VBP , NNS in NNS NN , and so on .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
these requirements for NN membrane binding are quite similar to those of the NNP NN , which VBZ the NN NNP NN and requires the f NN along with the NNP structure .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the present chairman of the business , peter NNP , is the NN of the founder .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
you are VBG the page by removing factual information that usual muslim response is that NNP was JJ .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
however , some contemporary NNS still consider macedonian as a dialect of bulgarian .	4	6	VBP	consider	considers
uniform heating is much more difficult if the air gap between the NN and the JJ NN is not the same all along the NN profile .	9	17	VBZ	is	are
power certainly NNS and the power granted to the socially JJ and JJ NNS who VBP this site is JJ and often JJ .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
my department has at least one assistant professor ( still probably two years from going up for tenure ) with an NN of 20 , many full professors in the mid CD , and only one national academy member .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a jet stream is a fast flowing , relatively narrow air current found at the NN , the transition between the NN ( where temperature VBZ with height ) and the NN ( where temperature increases with height ) .	34	35	VBZ	increases	increase
a certain editor still needs to swing by .	2	4	VBZ	needs	need
towards the end of the NNS , beginning at NNP CD , the speaker returns to his previously VBN state .	13	14	VBZ	returns	return
the main motivation cited for this shift is that NNS prefer papers which they can hold easily on public transport , and it is presumably hoped that other readers will also find the smaller formats more convenient .	9	10	VBP	prefer	prefers
a block allows the editor to comment at their own talk page .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the limit of f ( t ) as t tends to NN is equal to the limit of f ( u ) as u tends to NN provided both limits exist .	1	9	VBZ	tends	tend
this difference is small in NN but large in NN ( in favor of the NN ) and therefore the energy trend is as described despite the fact that JJ bonds are stronger than JJ bonds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
make sure the actions you propose include the big picture ( energy balance , carbon NN , water use , resources etc .	3	6	VBP	include	includes
another problem facing the NNS is the varying sizes of coffee cups .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
basically the only tool we have is to block him ( or not ) .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
no offense to you , NNP , but i do feel you are incorrect in saying both my way and the way with matching years are equal .	24	25	VBP	are	is
this NN is realistic enough for pleasure boats .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the allied players sit across from each other and help VB the people to the left and right of them .	2	3	VBP	sit	sits
her name produces only 35 google hits .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
the most famous glacier is NNP and it lies in the NNP valley , but the NNP area offers numerous spectacular valley NNS including NNP .	17	18	VBZ	offers	offer
however , some options NNS still carry NNP NN .	4	6	VBP	carry	carries
because this gap is not significant , gap NNS are not necessary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only reference within the article is to a JJ link , and a search for reliable third party sources about this company produces only `` books '' that are themselves composed of wikipedia articles ( i .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
university of NNP this laboratory requires samples to be submitted by a NN .	4	5	VBZ	requires	require
now , in 2011 , the bulgarian hip hop is on a higher level .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
all advanced NNS transform to regular NNS , usually with additional qualified terms .	2	3	VBP	transform	transforms
NNP equations , named after julian NNP and freeman NNP , are general relations between green functions in quantum field theories ( NNP ) .	1	11	VBP	are	is
after the october revolution of 1917 , the successor to the imperial NNP service corps has an external link JJ general staff , and from 1920 - the NNP corps of the red army .	8	15	VBZ	has	have
suburbs VBG the river include NNP cove , NNP , NNP park , NNP park , happy valley and NNP in south australia .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
he changed it to be more attractive to racing teams , which may be the same reason why many japanese celebrities keep their ages private .	20	21	VBP	keep	keeps
the village of NNP is JJ code CD for the united states postal service .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the basis of atomic county is that of seth 's own experience of living in orange county since ryan appeared .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS are the rise and fall of sea levels caused by the combined effects of the JJ forces VBN by the moon and the sun and the rotation of the earth .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the body of christopher NNP is a young adult novel by carol NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this cartridge is a JJ twin of the 32 winchester special .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some companies also allow their employees to salary package other items , including household utility bills , although this is complicated and normally requires the assistance of a third-party company who VBP in salary packaging arrangements .	1	3	VBP	allow	allows
as of CD , the mosque is in JJ state .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the streams of NNP branch and spring branch run through this township .	1	8	VBP	run	runs
as one reason for NN , the priest argues that it would be impossible for a married man to keep the secrets of the NN .	7	8	VBZ	argues	argue
the program covers teams from the NNP ohio athletic league ( NNP ) , the NNP valley league ( NNP ) , and the NNP and ohio divisions of the NNP conference ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the town has nine surrounding communities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the club is on the corner of st NNP walk and coronation street in NNP and is a place of pilgrimage for many NNS fans .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN 's only two rest areas are between NNS 42 and 49 near dudley .	5	6	VBP	are	is
one important VBG characteristic is that females are not orange , whereas female m .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
two prominent trails among others are the NNP and NNP trails , the latter running from near NNP all the way to NNP , utah .	2	5	VBP	are	is
lab notes , experimental recordings , and direct observations would be primary sources on physics , but a properly written and reviewed paper is a secondary source .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
all sources confirm NNP 's birthday to be in 1961 .	1	2	VBP	confirm	confirms
the line uses the valley of the NNP river from NNP to NNP and NNP creek from NNP to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
there are many different kinds of cognitive NNS , but they all have to do with NNS people have to VB reality in their own mind , due to different ways in which our brain works .	34	35	VBZ	works	work
oh and the wider image shows that it is NNP of jerusalem .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
but this question is about ncaa basketball .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the museum displays paintings , drawings , prints , sculptures , installation art , video , and photography .	1	2	VBZ	displays	display
i really think the punk thing is not notable .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP JJ providers include NNS , plastic NNS , aesthetic spa physicians , NNS , nurse practitioners , NNS and physician NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the fair use images have been removed from this article , but as with the above noted afd , the remaining article is incomplete and can not be complete due to fair use usage restrictions in place on wikipedia .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
this VBG gene produces white , JJ NNS by VBG the migration of the NNS to the skin surface .	2	3	VBZ	produces	produce
the book is a spiritual puzzle book VBN with this sort of stuff .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP and recommendation systems such as NNP keep track of each person 's search activity independently , and use that information to affect their search results .	3	7	VBP	keep	keeps
to VB the NNS , a general convention is that ( NNP NNP NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the story of NNP college dates back to 1926 when the archbishop of manila requested the sisters of the NNP congregation in new york to VB a JJ program for women in the philippines .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
the academic demands of the NNP JJ VBP the normal requirements for the NNP program .	2	7	VBP	exceed	exceeds
the album contains trivia , philosophical advice , JJ comedy and social commentary on american society spoken over contemporary hip JJ beats .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
cancer research is as good here as anywhere , we have one of the best three psychology courses in the country , the best music departments and best sports science degrees in the country , and very good engineering .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the highest point in NNP is CD feet ( CD m ) above sea level , this is a quarter mile ( 400 m ) from NNP within NNP wood .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
obviously the candidates speeches vary a little from event to event and from day to day , but their conclusions are often the same bits of well VBN NN .	19	20	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS , a result of its highly JJ decay products like NN , are significant even at 5 parts per million .	1	14	VBP	are	is
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical NN NN forests , subtropical or tropical NN NN , JJ freshwater NNS , plantations , rural gardens , urban areas , heavily VBD former forest , NNS , and NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
for example , open source NN NNS now exist for node , go , and ruby .	6	8	VBP	exist	exists
at the base of the third JJ curve , the track stays RB VBN and around a 3 .	10	11	VBZ	stays	stay
a character in the film even says his costume looks like that of batman .	8	9	VBZ	looks	look
it is thought that a NNP NN deposit in east NNP is the bed of an old course of the rhine .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
if the issue is that rush NNP made this statement in the book , then it certainly can be used .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
relation to NNP and other NN NN is the NN ( RB VBG form ) of NNP NN .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the company produces NNS and holds a patent for the NN process by which they are manufactured .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
this user primarily edits from the 87 range and has frequently signed as section 31 .	1	3	VBZ	edits	edit
some gun control advocates assert that youth access to guns is JJ to the failure of gun owners , especially parents , to properly secure their guns .	2	3	VBZ	advocates	advocate
the mine has the form of a pale JJ , rather narrow , JJ , VBG corridor in the JJ half of the leaf .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
summaries of the views of professional associations of physicians state that none recommend routine NN , [ 26 ] [ 27 ] and that none recommend VBG the practice .	0	12	VBP	recommend	recommends
while most of the reference to story based on NNP is only found in the printed companion materials , several game characters reference the religious figure `` jake hunter '' , who ( according to followers ) saved humanity from a race of aliens .	21	22	VBP	reference	references
however , if NNS are allowed , the set of JJ NNS must be expanded to include also the NNS , crossed NNS in which opposite sides have equal length .	26	27	VBP	have	has
the most prestigious high schools in the sector are NNP NNP national college , situated in downtown bucharest and NNP NNP NNP NNP NNP , situated in NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is
species within the genus NNP include .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the club performs at community functions regularly , and last performed at the victoria theatre and concert hall in a joint concert with the band in may 2008 .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform
neither article gives a reference , unfortunately .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
this category covers the las vegas metropolitan area and surrounding communities .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the town also has several vintage buildings on display , one being a theatre that has plays every afternoon in the summer .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the college is a member of the georgia collegiate athletic association ( region NNP of the national junior college athletic association ) and played an abbreviated schedule in all sports in the 2010 academic year with full JJ play starting the following year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so his excuse is that the people on the other side of the debate were VBG so badly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
inspired by true events , the film VBZ around a 16 year old girl who tries to fit in with a popular group of girls , leading to a JJ beating upon joining the NN .	6	7	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the fuller velocity profile of the JJ boundary layer allows it to VB the JJ pressure NN without VBG .	3	9	VBZ	allows	allow
and , typical of the style , the NNS ( not JJ NN ) are what make the album NN .	8	14	VBP	are	is
the fear behind allowing claims for `` pure economic loss '' is that potentially unlimited claims could flood in .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
former members of the CD NNPS who have been hired by nasa to be NNS include mike NNP , NNP carey , rex NNP and jim NNP .	1	15	VBP	include	includes
NN is a brand of NNS produced in portugal .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the minor notice on a NNP blog is fine with the exception that that same minor NN blog has a wikipedia page .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
this process is used to see if the article currently meets these criteria .	8	10	VBZ	meets	meet
fair use in presbyterian university NNP this image is subject to copyright , i feel its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP effect is the NN and NN of heat from radiation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
my NN idea is dependent on a relatively long NN period - say CD on and CD off , as otherwise the NN device will have excessive NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
even television NNS are not enough to save some authors .	2	3	VBP	are	is
JJ risk is the risk that an NN or NN or positive feedback process is built into a system , this is usually unknown , and under certain conditions this process can VB RB and rapidly lead to JJ or JJ behavior .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete - if the entire content is to go i would be in favour of it .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the partly buried rim of this crater is roughly circular and somewhat irregular .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
since disease is a major source of juvenile NN , females would choose the males with the most elaborate NNS to ensure that they will have healthy offspring .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if this is true , then the current setting has viewers looking at the back of the piece and the front is covered with NN .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
another road leads to the NN through the village , down a NN road , and into the valley .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
other species include birds such as eagles and NNS such as NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
if one reads what the source actually says .	5	7	VBZ	says	say
several wine VBG facilities and wine storage NNS now stand on what was once vacant land .	3	9	VBP	stand	stands
the last term of the programme includes the masters thesis .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
the wiki system works its usual magic there .	2	3	VBZ	works	work
she decided that `` one has to struggle much because the return for good is evil , and evil NNS .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of this studying is that upper newport bay , which san diego creek is the primary freshwater input of , is a rich ecological habitat and preserve .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
pakistan women 's cricket team the pakistan women 's cricket team has a much lower profile than the men 's team .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
if the NNP RB praised a politician as being the kind of leader their country needs , that would be VBG praise .	14	15	VBZ	needs	need
the value of the moment is about , which is three times larger than the magnetic moment of mercury .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a key communications link in the southern region .	4	5	VBP	link	links
the article is so vague that any verification will likely be impossible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
once the NN password has been VBN , windows will no longer be needed , so in the case of a network where all computers run other systems a borrowed NN could be used for initial NN purposes .	24	25	VBP	run	runs
the best known NN is NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
comment the citations need a consistent style first .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
the town includes an interpretation center , but its tourism infrastructure is not as advanced as in puerto NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the gothic JJ church exists since CD .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
it appeared in 1879 and was an immediate success , going through numerous editions in england and america , though its permanent place in literature is quite uncertain .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
NNP fuel cells finally allow the generation of electricity from NN .	2	4	VBP	allow	allows
the traditional name NNP is derived from arabic meaning `` the hand '' , and the two stars are the left hand of NNP ( the NNP NNP ) that holds the head of the NN NNP NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is
some scholars disagree with this position .	1	2	VBP	disagree	disagrees
club gave the episode a c rating , saying `` without a clear JJ target , this storyline mostly gets by on more JJ , JJ humor '' , although he did praise the NN , saying that `` the brian and NNP story is considerably better .	17	19	VBZ	gets	get
keep - whatever i may think about the excessive coverage in wikipedia of NN actors , the guy meets the criteria .	17	18	VBZ	meets	meet
my husband is out of work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete - article does not assert that the topic is notable and does not provide evidence of significant discussion in reliable independent sources .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the following images are the selected pictures displayed on the bbc portal .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in the bible the story of NNP VBG NNP is similar to the idea that NNP NNP is the innocent sacrifice made by the kane family in order to cover up any NN by their family .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the origin of the name `` NNP '' has a very JJ history .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
the NN of NN shell is RB rather than the near JJ NN of JJ NN , and the colors of the two materials do not closely VB .	19	24	VBP	do	does
i believe the solution that is the best , JJ compromise ( if i were to VB the original animation in NNP ) , is to set the NNP background either much darker or much lighter .	3	24	VBZ	is	are
burn patients and others affected by severe wounds often report pain as the dominant negative impact of the wounds on their lives .	1	9	VBP	report	reports
NNP next attacks him when JJ VBZ him , but she is thrown away when NNP 's eyes grow back .	17	18	VBP	grow	grows
extensive evidence suggests that stress VBZ such as NN play a critical role in VBG new memories and this is why JJ memories are recalled RB .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
more recent research by NNP and NNP indicates the fraud was even more extensive than first thought .	2	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
its diet consists mainly of various fruits from trees , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the winners receive an award NN and a diploma .	1	2	VBP	receive	receives
the album includes 3 songs produced by counting NNP ' guitarist dave NNP , one of which is the NNP ' original version of `` round here , '' which was later JJ by the counting NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NN ion is JJ with NN and the NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
threats to this species include VBG by livestock such as cattle and by wildlife such as NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this protein VBZ as a NN to the JJ element , an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	binds	bind
the first sentence of this article is too JJ , if not pov .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
orders begin coming in from around the world .	0	1	VBP	begin	begins
many inscriptions related to buddhism and NNP are JJ .	1	7	VBP	are	is
and , people generally interested in JJ student NN , for understanding an JJ group that was able to ( successfully ) oppose a NN student NN effort .	2	22	VBP	oppose	opposes
wikipedia , reflecting how the authors of this encyclopedia address certain issues .	5	9	VBP	address	addresses
although linux NNS are generally available without charge , several large corporations sell , support , and contribute to the development of the components of the system and of free software .	11	12	VBP	sell	sells
the core is an NN which VBZ the quantum data of the areas absorbed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one nice thing about the stack structure is that if a program does happen to fail , a stack NN is taken and it is very easy for a NN to find out exactly what the state of a running program was .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the message only appears when you rename from a recognized extension to an JJ one , so in certain limited cases you could work around the problem by adding or removing file type associations .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the highway enters urban thunder bay immediately thereafter , where it passes to the west of county fair mall before ending at an intersection with the thunder bay expressway .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
the only current way to include a page number without another full instance of the cite is to use or to use the shortened notes system .	3	16	VBZ	is	are
his voice is good , his NN distinct , and his delivery free from any JJ NN or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBN NN has it that the name with the most votes was NNP , but the leaders of the organization fixed the vote so that NNP came out victorious .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in a crisis or JJ situation , cast , crew and fans refer to the NNP NNP character as the series ' JJ NN ' ; she was the character seen RB VBG and even VBG on various occasions .	11	12	VBP	refer	refers
at NNP , comprehensive schools , on the whole , are able to get children to an adequate standard , except for most inner cities .	4	10	VBP	are	is
NNP ( translated `` christmas table '' ) is the name of the traditional food board served at christmas in finland , similar to the swedish NN .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the album features eight songs recorded for the third season finale , `` NNP '' , only five of which were performed in the episode .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this division is focused on portable energy ( batteries ) , the company through the NNP line sells battery NNS to power or charge a range of mobile electronics such as cellular phones , digital cameras and NNS , providing significantly more charge time than available technologies .	12	17	VBZ	sells	sell
strong oppose this image is of obviously JJ quality .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the article makes no claims at all about any connection between for example the people who use this NN .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
historical characters in jin NNP 's works delete .	1	7	VBP	delete	delete
the site of the original NNP ' wine lodge is now a mcdonald 's and is marked by a plaque on NNP high street .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
one variation involves NNS VBG a pin into a NN so that it rings continuously .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
creation of legal relations is a doctrine in english contract law that states an agreement is legally JJ only if the NN parties may be deemed by the court to have intended it .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the video for this song is available exclusively on itunes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the other argument is that even at the moment t when the NN boat is pulling the NN , the VBG cable will be VBN , given the forces of gravity and friction acting on it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the bit about the birthday is JJ -- this is perhaps JJ with the NNP campus article .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the company enjoys a de facto monopoly on the NN of freight and vehicles to the islands , and competes for passenger traffic with number of aircraft services of varying quality and reliability .	1	2	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
NNP said that the lyrics fit perfectly with NNP 's relationship with the media at the time .	4	5	VBP	fit	fits
the word , in its most general sense , encompasses all matters relating to the duties and responsibilities of officers of arms .	1	9	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
this is a story , the text of which is in the public domain .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the NN of NNP shows ideas of the NN of the noble family of NNP , which was named after the castle located within the area of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	shows	show
in addition , each downtown station has an approximately JJ JJ level platform ( connected to NN NNS and NNS ) that VBZ with the first door of each train to provide JJ access .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the teeth on the upper NN , exhibit the conventional dental NN - in which the surface of the NN facing the outside of the mouth is JJ .	16	26	VBZ	is	are
this article seems to be contributed mainly by one person .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the NN NN is about six to seven light years in length .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
dragons NNP campaign setting , NNP is one of the larger NNS of the world .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the house is usually in two pieces and is VBN by two separate trucks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all active admins probably make occasional mistakes , but its our NN to correct them when pointed out .	2	4	VBP	make	makes
therefore such reverts have no NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the link in the banner appears to be red , but is functional when you click it .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
delete local tv shows about local students that do not attract attention outside the immediate area are not notable , and this is no exception .	3	16	VBP	are	is
redundant content is not grounds for deletion when considering introduction articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her output VBZ that of her rivals NNP johnson and NNP johnson , and even memphis NNP , during those years .	1	2	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
the specific design of the NNP NNP seal is almost identical to a NN found at the NNP site of tell NNP or at the palestinian site of tall al NNP , the latter often identified as NNP , the last NNP NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP equations for special NN , which say that when an observer moves , the basic laws of physics only remain valid if time is VBN , and the amount of VBG is exactly what is needed to keep the apparent speed of light constant .	29	32	VBZ	is	are
also , i noticed that NNP suggested deleting all imperial units and i would just like to comment that i would be RB opposed to doing so , seeing how joe american reading this article ( myself included ) can not picture the metric units mean when reading them .	44	45	VBP	mean	means
this case also brings back NNP , german 's first wife , with a new name , with a new face .	1	3	VBZ	brings	bring
JJ region of NNP contains a highly conservative NN NN domain ( NNP ) while other parts of the protein may vary even within a single NN .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the same concept is also applicable to oil wells when they are at the end stage of production .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the body frame is often of interest because the origin and the NNS remain fixed relative to the aircraft .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the offices of NNP are in new york city , and are under an JJ phone number and a post office box for security purposes .	1	4	VBP	are	is
JJ memory employs two channels which RB doubles the data transfer rate .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
used in an excessive amount of articles where this NN is not subject to critical commentary by secondary reliable sources , nor would its NN be JJ to the understanding of those articles .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i assumed , though , that NNP opposed per NN in the content creation , and his criterion there , 15 articles start class or better i find not JJ .	21	22	VBP	start	starts
if the user is here to make honest , good faith edits then we would not have a problem .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this role becomes a JJ sword for our young NN , who is VBN into a NN of JJ gang wars , JJ assassination attempts and NN power struggles and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
a group will be seen as VBN and not united if individuals forget steps or have to VB during the execution of the NN .	11	12	VBP	forget	forgets
contemporary buddhist teachers and NNS VBP that while the central message of buddhism is JJ , the buddhist view of our situation in life ( the conditions that we live in ) is neither JJ nor JJ , but realistic .	18	32	VBZ	is	are
the number of independent equations in the original system is the number of JJ rows in the NN form .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this method of cooking involves both NN and JJ cooking as the meat item to be VBN sees both high direct JJ heat and the heat of the air in the NN .	1	17	VBZ	sees	see
when NNP NNP 's wife NNP is RB murdered suspicion automatically falls on him .	9	11	VBZ	falls	fall
my goal is to obtain a JJ digital copy or a JJ print of it to VB in a book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this law of NNP '' is a section of the book this law of NNP and other essays which contains NNP 's thesis on islamic law .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the church of the holy trinity is a greek orthodox church in brighton , part of the english city of brighton and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this article explains a rather complicated JJ voting system in a scientific and very JJ manner .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the letters are floating around one another , since the concept being discussed is orbit .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
this category is about the music of the ethnic NNP people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school at NNP is victoria memorial high school which VBZ to education in the town .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the membership badge of the kenya scouts association features mount kenya , in the national colors of the flag of kenya .	2	8	VBZ	features	feature
either the article gets a lot of hits , or it does n't .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
this painting also marks a shift from horizontal to vertical in NNP 's NNS , an artistic and JJ shift that occurred between 1909 and 1915 .	1	3	VBZ	marks	mark
another important source is JJ power , which was practically the only source of electricity until 1960 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if any meaning is to be meaningful , then should not discussion of meaning outside of definition have a place also , like here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP valley has a long history of VBG NNP , another name for krishna .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNS include the composers frederick NNP , george NNP , the following is an incomplete JJ list of NNS of the british NNP scholarship .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
her work principally covers the history of the town from the 14th to the 17th centuries and includes a master list of sources .	1	3	VBZ	covers	cover
today , the site offers a museum exhibition , NNS for elementary and high school groups , JJ events , and a natural habitat in an NN park .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
the principal parts of NNP and NNP , in particular , require great vocal skill and NN in order to project the necessary intensity , and top performances in these roles attract NN .	27	31	VBP	attract	attracts
the website also features a wiki which covers JJ topics .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
as with the other american series albums , the album includes covers , NNS , and a NN of a song .	9	10	VBZ	includes	include
when his brother seeks to have him committed , he is brought to dr .	2	3	VBZ	seeks	seek
many people from other counties come to see this every year ; it is also on many christmas light tours as well .	1	5	VBP	come	comes
the first incarnation of the NNP tour had its entrance where the current entrance to the magic of disney animation currently is .	13	21	VBZ	is	are
a narrow strip of land , at its JJS point , VBZ the two lakes .	2	11	VBZ	separates	separate
this testimony is a personal narrative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
may need a complete rewrite - summary appears to have been copied off the back of the book .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear
spectators are also forbidden to use mobile phones at any time in the playing area , and may be expelled for it .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this page is a list of french education ministers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this institute offers degrees in the study of NN .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
since january 2009 , all these NNS now operate under `` NNP NNP '' name .	6	8	VBP	operate	operates
a piece of wet clay , when acted upon by a potter , takes on its potential to be an actual drinking NN .	1	13	VBZ	takes	take
his JJ possessions are ( or were ) nothing more than the clothes on his back , a couple of old POS magazines and a NN of NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP railway station is on the JJ coast line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current policy makes them large-scale vandalism targets , and they are , for all NNS and purposes , NN on the very day they are featured .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
adults are on wing from may to august in western europe .	0	1	VBP	are	is
play begins by VBG two teams , which will face one another in the JJ game .	0	1	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP 's starting work on new material dates back to 2005 , shortly after they were dropped from the NNP record label .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date
there are many historians and scholars out there and this article says nothing of how its subject stands apart from the JJ mass of past or present `` scholars .	16	17	VBZ	stands	stand
in doing so , NNP discovers NNP is competing in a local beauty pageant ( miss NNP ) , and the prize in the next round of competition ( miss metropolitan pittsburgh ) is a free trip to hawaii .	21	33	VBZ	is	are
the reaction of the entire system is less than 8 seconds .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
i think this way is better than simply editing it directly ( until consensus is met ) because of potential edit wars .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the basis is , wp should not be VBN by people who wish to package JJ views as if they were scholarship .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
perhaps the shakespeare NN debates can be used as an example of an issue where people disagree as to whether the issue is fringe or not .	15	16	VBP	disagree	disagrees
only certain ranges of values for NNP , NNP , and l produce stable NNS in which periodic NN of the NN beam is produced .	2	12	VBP	produce	produces
many women are JJ to VB and JJ NNS that are the preferred treatment , and NNP is increasingly JJ to other common NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the message gives booth the information to know exactly where lincoln would be the following night as NNP and his wife mary go to the theater , thus leading to his assassination at booth 's hands .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
at minimum , this nomination deserves a soft one .	4	5	VBZ	deserves	deserve
an NN is not the same as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
intent is to put the JJ criticism in context to maintain the npov .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the upper parts of individual NNS are JJ with JJ tips .	2	6	VBP	are	is
nuclear its sequences help VB NNP NN ( NNP ) , an asian species not occurring in africa , but introduced to jamaica .	2	3	VBP	help	helps
a text only banner would be better , or main page only , but regardless it seems the giant java script powered banner is here forever .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
JJ sources claim that about 5 , 000 NNPS were killed and more than 13 , 000 subsequently died from hunger and NNS '' .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
the fellowship of the ring , jackson VBZ one shot , a low angle of a NN at NNP 's birthday party VBG `` UH !	1	7	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
its just i feel places form a NN to the encyclopedia and while hundreds of NN are equally important many articles are based around a location in the world whether its people , landmarks or whatever .	4	5	VBP	form	forms
the song from the dance scene between NNP and NNP is JJ n't run ( the 1964 version ) by the ventures .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the elevation gain from the trail head to the summit is .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
actually a few research stations ( in NNP but not the south pole ) do use different NNS , see [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] and [ 6 ] .	4	19	VBP	see	sees
NN accusations for either party appear to be either JJ or old ( over a year ago ) .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
the player uses spencer 's NN arm to swing across NNS or climb to higher NNS .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
for example , the video , NNP ( man ) ( 2001 ) , displays a certain NN to the themes related to vienna NNP , which were important to NNP in the late 1980s and early 1990s .	4	14	VBZ	displays	display
the computer NNP are an annual event in which computer programs compete against one another at various strategy games .	10	11	VBP	compete	competes
delete - as yellow press NN , not so widely known as claimed here , and definitely not widely used in english language as NN 100 google hits show with practically all of them citing the NNP or wikipedia .	27	28	VBP	show	shows
the monastery also makes four varieties of cheese .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
our model is consistent with several recent NNS about modern NN , is JJ to many NNS , and VBZ a JJ connection between human NN , global terrorism and ecology .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
medicine during the civil war shows civil war medicine through the eyes of battlefield NNS and the stories of union and confederate sick and wounded .	0	5	VBZ	shows	show
as always , opinions from any source are JJ as opinions , and referred to as such .	3	7	VBP	are	is
although NNP is seen looking , rather than VBG , the various tools around the base of the statue show how much work he has done to bring the statue to this finished state .	12	19	VBP	show	shows
horizontal parts of letters are thin in comparison to the vertical parts .	1	4	VBP	are	is
efforts are currently underway to VB the site .	0	1	VBP	are	is
other historians are reluctant to VB on the composition or size of the group of leaders targeted at this point , beyond the few obvious heads .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the story begins a score years before the partition of india .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the system is JJ to that used on the district level ; the number of seats assigned to a regional district is simply the number of seats assigned to one of its constituent local districts but not filled during the first round of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category is a loose NN of natural NNS caused by the weather .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the primary economic activities are tourism and resource NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
revolution 103 is a canadian radio station , broadcasting multiple formats at 103 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
under the proceeds of crime act 2002 the same procedures apply in both drugs and JJ cases .	9	10	VBP	apply	applies
this ruling features in article 18 of the regulations governing the application of the fifa NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the team is on occasion joined by their cousin ; amazing red ( jonathan NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he has a solid understanding of policy ; good interaction is an important part as an admin and this guy 's got it .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it is also VBN that the JJR leaves are endemic in the northern subspecies due to less NN and JJ environmental conditions in these areas .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the degree of this NN strongly depends on instrument design .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend
the NNS of NNP and NNP lie to the north and south of nelson respectively .	1	6	VBP	lie	lie
buy all the fossil NNS in the world , burn them , and wait for the NN from the NNS to VB the island .	4	9	VBP	burn	burns
the company is the largest privately owned NN house in the uk and has operations in 17 worldwide locations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they reject the idea that NN estimates could lead to genetic NNS by pointing out that these estimates are strictly valid only for a given population and that they are exposed to the JJ NN effects of JJ interaction and JJ NN '' .	17	18	VBP	are	is
objects have a definite state that determines the values of all other JJ properties , such as position and momentum .	0	1	VBP	have	has
any circular cycle is as weak as its JJS component .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB NNP recordings , see NNP NNP NN .	2	4	VBP	see	sees
a 60 person law firm that is VBN important in the world of patent NN is notable , in a way that a 2 man personal injury firm is not .	4	15	VBZ	is	are
the current ambassador is NNP NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ state rooms were restored to their former glory , while the JJ upper floors and service areas are now RB modern offices .	15	19	VBP	are	is
VBG NNP 's findings , scholars such as NNP , NNP and NNP ( 2004 ) and diamond ( 2006 ) found that NNS have VBN more often and more easily in sexual interactions than JJ women do .	36	37	VBP	do	does
non-notable organization for which the article reads like a ( poorly written ) advertisement .	5	6	VBZ	reads	read
this release goes through additional quality NN cycles and is usually available around 1 or 2 months after the community edition and comes under a non-free license .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the main idea asserted in all congress papers is to VB the importance of getting an important and meaningful position in business , social and political life or in NNP depends on VBG a university degree from a university providing a highly qualified education .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
his son , brad NNP , is a former minor league NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the traditional view holds that , after the NN of production , NNP carefully selected and VBD the sketches , VBG them into the patterns we see today .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
at this point she lets the monks know in no uncertain terms that from the point of view of NNP it is only `` weak VBD NNS '' who see gender as a barrier to VBG NN .	6	7	VBP	know	knows
the faculty NNS for NNP are NNP lynch and dana NNP , both of whom are in the computer and business department at NNP high school .	2	5	VBP	are	is
this way of VBG war seems to me as stupid as it is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
german last names ) look like polish or czech last names .	2	4	VBP	look	looks
the song , which VBZ as `` the glen '' , is entirely in the band 's native tongue , the irish language , also known as NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
this community RB follows NNP tradition VBD with JJ customs .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
the prototype currently still stands on the former firm area of NNP in NNP .	1	4	VBZ	stands	stand
the NN season is spring to early summer ( around NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS CC ( the chapter link goes to the NNP web page for the species entry , while the title link goes to the google books VB for NNP ) .	20	21	VBZ	goes	go
together with this borough NNP NNP becomes the western access to the city , and its regional NNS are the federal highway and the freeway , which constitute the entry for NN and population from the states of mexico and NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is
SYM - section is a mess .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP speed , explains various issues about the execution speed and performance of NNP script in wikipedia .	1	3	VBZ	explains	explain
the museum has branches in NNP NNP , north NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ NN NNS have a longer service life when compared to JJ NN systems .	2	3	VBP	have	has
as the name implies , a barrier metal must have high electrical NN in order to maintain a good electronic contact , while maintaining a low enough copper NN to sufficiently RB VB these copper conductor films from underlying device silicon .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
at the moment the tool is very new , and there may be a few problems .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
note that i do not automatically buy into it takes two to VB , so please provide evidence to examine below this post .	0	9	VBZ	takes	take
birds fly in a NN for better NN force whereas the race cars stay close for less total JJ drag force .	12	13	VBP	stay	stays
the infection is a very slow process and can take from months to years , depending on conditions and tree health .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although these activities are vital for normal NN function , NN can also contribute to JJ changes , and even cause pollution .	2	3	VBP	are	is
however , this recognition is yet to filter through to many institutions , government departments and professionals who work with deaf people .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a consistent stream of that nonsense is a serious NN to actual progress .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
cox 's screenplay , while occasionally VBG into the sort of JJ endemic to so many JJ films , generally VBZ its unusual subject matter with NN and complexity .	2	20	VBZ	treats	treat
an important class of domains that contain a NNP is a unique NN domain , an integral domain in which every NN element is a product of prime elements .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
something concrete from NNP saying that the image is NNP works .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
please also be sure that any maps or images are accurate and that they may be used within our copyright regulations ( e .	6	9	VBP	are	is
a large hall in the lower level of the temple has facilities to stage cultural events .	2	10	VBZ	has	have
the parish has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
commercial NNP packages are available and typically contain tools for model identification and analysis , controller design and NN , as well as controller performance evaluation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
although the stories that NNP tells are almost always fake , the facts , trivia and information are almost all correct .	12	17	VBP	are	is
the prize is a trip to a brand new theme park .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
thus , official estimates of proven reserves will always be lower than the JJ oil that the companies think actually exists .	17	18	VBP	think	thinks
the school follows the central board of secondary education ( NNP ) NN .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
it is a game of NN , in which the children try to VB everything that the flute player demonstrates to them , accompanied by a rapid succession of NNS from the real world .	18	19	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the JJ justification for firing shots is that NN rounds are very bright and would immediately gain the attention of a crew whose radio is JJ , or who might not have noticed radio NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the salt NN reaction route is most common .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
critics of NNP 's NNS are quick to point out that NNP had no association with women other than JJ woman or NNS and they therefore question his stance of VBG all egyptian women .	0	5	VBP	are	is
if his band membership is the only fact that can be said about him , redirect to NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
RB , JJ , and double NNS are JJ but still appear in some NNS .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the first approach attempts to solve problems in philosophy of mind with JJ information from the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	attempts	attempt
adults of both NNS grow to 1 .	0	4	VBP	grow	grows
if indeed NNP he was leading his men in the greatest NN of all time , then the VBG question is why emperor NNP would want to pursue a VBN emperor for over 28 years .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
some states require safety NNS , usually to ensure body integrity in areas subject to severe NN from winter road NN materials .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
an NN operation catches an illegal NN ring VBD .	2	3	VBZ	catches	catch
this construction is a listed historical structure in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the word i need a true meaning for is POS ' .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
generally , golf club members play RB every saturday .	4	5	VBP	play	plays
inspired by NNP NNP , himself a NN of gustav NNP , NNP 's work is about the weight and NN of civilization on the ordinary person , and the link and NN between the two .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
this specific argument is the NN of that NN to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in this case , velocity of sound NN in the fluid in the NNS is JJ and compared with the value of the velocity of sound in the free fluid is reduced by a ratio equal to the square root of the NN .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
the study of the JJ reactions in the body is acid base NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this page contains a list of topics related to the NNP ( VBG ) islands .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
several others have been described and many populations are difficult to VB to subspecies .	7	8	VBP	are	is
perspective bias is internal to articles that are universal in aspect .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment there is no rule that VBZ articles can only be created when the parent is expanded enough .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
like NN , sock also adds name before or after signature .	3	5	VBZ	adds	add
the international section follows a curriculum broadly based on the uk curriculum with an international focus leading to NNP ( university of cambridge international examinations ) examinations in form 5 and the international NNP ( NNP geneva ) diploma programme in the form 6 .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
jo says that the book was given to her by her dad and that the information is correct .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
i remember reading somewhere that shooting canadian NN was illegal for some reason , but this page seems to indicate that it is not illegal .	16	17	VBZ	seems	seem
located south of NNP , california and northwest of the NNP mountains , the mountains lie in a JJ direction in general , and are approximately 15 miles in length .	14	15	VBP	lie	lie
unfortunately , the references provided are mostly in dutch , so i have no idea whether or not they support the statements in the article .	3	5	VBP	are	is
ab NNP , the largest beer company in the industry , its flagship brands are NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , beck 's and NNP .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i say keep as all these mobile suits have a part in the NN although some are RB listed like the NN and why dont we VBP some on the same page ( except for the duel NN with assault JJ our should that be split .	7	8	VBP	have	has
a car ferry crosses the river at dawson city in the summer ; it is replaced by an ice bridge over the frozen river during the winter .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
the NN body is JJ to improve the JJ area control with low loads .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and also , by the way , i have no JJ NN , my question is purely academic .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the major consumer application is JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( NNP ) VBZ architecture is the NN of islamic art in central asia .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
critic NNP NNP has argued that these examples illustrate the way in which VBD the JJ and economic system that produced her [ mrs .	7	8	VBP	illustrate	illustrates
if i remember it right , there is also a JJ group d ) who see having the page as a less bad option than having people create JJ stubs on each separate NN that they can dream up .	26	27	VBP	create	creates
parks and other tourist spots on the slopes of mt NNP are popular places for groups from NNP to visit during weekends to escape from the NN climate on the coast .	0	11	VBP	are	is
the company offers financial planning such as retirement , estate , tax planning , mutual funds and a range of other investment products and financial services .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the various model NNS are for different markets and case styles .	3	4	VBP	are	is
an evening in march ) NNP NNP is the second wife of a foreign office diplomat , henry , and NN to his teenage daughter , NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the episode is the last appearance of NNP NNP on the series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the resulting figure is RB equivalent to this and can always be VBN until the faces are regular .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the total length of the NN is around .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP schools olympic program - a championship league where schools compete against each other in sports such as football , handball , swimming , athletics , NNS , table tennis , and NN .	9	10	VBP	compete	competes
similarly , if the room number is CD , it 's located on the third floor , first NN , and it 's the 17th room in that NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
when exposed to a certain NN , a JJ change occurs in the NN proteins , which constitute the NN .	9	10	VBZ	occurs	occur
in addition , students take college level courses for credit , hear guest NNS from members of the business community , participate in NNS , and take JJ field trips to area colleges and universities .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
in this method , the target VBZ to the column instead of the NN .	5	6	VBZ	binds	bind
as with most group VBD cultures , hierarchy plays a great role in indonesian culture .	7	8	VBZ	plays	play
the songs are a mixture of JJ NNS , NNS of songs from NNP albums and dave NNP ' solo album two weeks last summer , together with NNP instrumental compositions presented as NN to the NNP songs .	1	2	VBP	are	is
under his guidance , the team moves from the 3rd division to 2nd division in 1980 .	5	6	VBZ	moves	move
pressure changes a material 's NNP temperature .	0	1	VBZ	changes	change
the oldest trace of a settlement in the area is a single roman coin which was discovered in the NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
major buddhist holy days are state holidays .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this solution is consistent with my desire that he cease and VB his NN and seems to be the only means of ensuring civility .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the data bits are bits JJ and the tag is in bits CD .	2	3	VBP	are	is
there are accusations that chinese labor camps produce products which are often sold in foreign countries with the profits going to the NNP government .	6	7	VBP	produce	produces
the meaning of the number is subject to several NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the format once again allows votes by the faculty , contestants as well as viewers who will ultimately decide the best singer and performer out of the nine television personalities .	1	4	VBZ	allows	allow
his best finish in a major is NNP at the 1976 u .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP , one of two things needs to happen - either ( 1 ) this category needs to be renamed ( i .	15	16	VBZ	needs	need
crystal - `` proposed '' , `` plan to run '' , `` if the application is successful , it will start running '' .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
although i have to say the book is quite amazing .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some sources describe her as the mother of NNP .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
though what VBZ the album is NNP 's `` smooth , NN '' voice , which contains `` JJ NNS '' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
he says that NNP itself took part in this trend with its final output , and cites the day before you came as one in which `` in which NN takes NN [ over the ] tunes '' .	29	30	VBZ	takes	take
but many NNS have successful businesses .	2	3	VBP	have	has
white NNS and NNS work in a similar way .	1	4	VBP	work	works
publishers are able to VB the presentation of their content , automatically publish via NNP feeds , and organize video programming into JJ series or complete channels .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the english theatre has for some 50 years told itself that it is a writers ' theatre .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the name of the site which you promote is misleading readers to think that it is an official site , which means that you are doing advertising here .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's family tree goes back to NNP NNP , the companion of the islamic prophet muhammad .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
NNP south , the road enters areas of woods and homes , making a turn to the southeast .	4	5	VBZ	enters	enter
another development deals with indirect discrimination where a particular measure , while appearing neutral on the face of it , has a JJ impact on a particular group or individual in the NN .	9	20	VBZ	has	have
a formal report was just published last year and there has yet to be any scholarly response that i could find , so an article is probably JJ .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the NN ' concept of the NNP ( which was imported from particle physics ) allows significantly higher count rates coupled with a very low NN of the NN .	3	15	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP protein CD is a JJ NN protein of unknown function VBD for by the NNP gene .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the station is within of the rim of the canyon , opposite the el NNP hotel , also built by the railroad .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although the reason for this treatment is unclear , the population in central panama has been placed in a .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the church VBZ many secrets and NNS of the early development of christianity , it is a blessed site where many who had been ill had become VBN .	1	2	VBZ	hides	hide
area code CD is the telephone area code serving eastern michigan .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the four routes head JJ around the city square .	2	3	VBP	head	heads
under some NN standards , time is a representation term used to specify a time of day in the in iso CD time format .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
they are a quite political band and the lyrics also deal with issues like NN , NN , animal rights and human rights .	8	10	VBP	deal	deals
RB trade winds are normal during all seasons , bringing the most rain in the autumn .	2	3	VBP	are	is
connecticut abolished the death penalty in 2012 , but the law is not JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
during a recent year , NNP had 3 , CD , CD passengers take off or land at its facility and 68 , CD , CD pounds of cargo were processed through its facilities .	12	13	VBP	take	takes
other applications are in JJ chemicals such as plant growth NNS , NN and NN chemistry , NNS and main mechanism of JJ tissue NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
privacy ; current account name is my real name .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP ) at the state level , of which the alto NNP unit is one .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
by doctrine , NNP units do not require their leadership positions to be filled by ranger qualified officers and NNP as NNP units do in addition to many more specialized skill qualifications through extensive training .	17	23	VBP	do	does
the visitor centre has a permanent exhibition of information about NNP NNP , its history and ecological importance .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
he reasons that even if comedy writers write a play that is RB acceptable , the audience will not find it funny .	6	7	VBP	write	writes
a NN city is a major city that works as the financial , political , and population center of a country and is not VBN in any of these aspects by any other city in that country .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as above , in the section title , edit summaries get NNP 'd .	9	10	VBP	get	gets
the bus engineering division in addition to maintaining the NNP fleet and preparing vehicles for sale also provides engineering to other operators .	3	17	VBZ	provides	provide
the graphic novel is due to be released on december 3 , 2013 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
hello , my name is nigel and i am a game design student .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the journal includes original and review articles .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the world 's major producers include haiti , india , java , and NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
it VBZ roads and NNS NN , causing minor traffic NNS , but road crews use JJ material to take care of it .	14	15	VBP	use	uses
furthermore , many state courts have their own citation rules that take NN over the NNP for documents filed with those courts .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the source has no editorial control .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the original song name is `` JJ '' ( `` NNP NNP '' ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as such , i think the close , while brave , is JJ and should not have been made in this way .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
each crew station has two NN liquid crystal displays ( NNP ) and one dual function NNP display .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
some species of wildlife you may find in and around the lake are deer , NN , NN , NN , NN , small mouth bass , NN .	1	12	VBP	are	is
the pit stop window is open and cars were JJ at the end of the pit lane with red light .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
despite the NN , construction of its new , building at CD bird drive , its present site , continues .	4	19	VBZ	continues	continue
the constitutional head of the government of NNP is the governor , who is appointed by the president of india .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
i have no experience with NNP at all , but my experience with rex is pretty much the same as NNP 's .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the country is from a book , if you need to just add that in to the beginning .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the abstract is not NN , but i think everyone agrees with you that reading the entire article is still the best way to do it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
attachment disorder is a term that borders on NN and original research .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
julie j discovers that her children are back in england but NNP VBZ the reunion party , but the inmates make sure NNP pays the penalty for doing so .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the other inside receiver runs a deeper route where he cuts RB and runs parallel to the line of NN in front of the deeper safety .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
the three new player character races include JJ NN NNS .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
another new inclusion is a JJ mode NN to the JJ functionality of super mario galaxy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for the us , the table shows a CD billion JJ net debt .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ NNS are essential for JJ and factual memory processing .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this process causes the flowing medium to move away from the NN at some mean speed that is dependent on the NN rate and other factors such as NN size and composition .	1	2	VBZ	causes	cause
many states follow the federal NN rules .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows
the field of JJ series , and their NN methods , contains many NNS of JJ type and of JJ type .	1	11	VBZ	contains	contain
we can only VB on the extent of the changes to the house over the centuries ; the current building seems to VB the NNP NNP style of the later JJ century .	19	20	VBZ	seems	seem
the album includes acoustic tracks and NNS , with a bonus dvd of all their music videos from united paper people and NNP for the NNP ( excluding `` ugly birds in a beautiful cage '' as it was released just after the dvd ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
k VBG model is the most basic and important VBG model for network analysis .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
local congregations first join their respective provincial conferences , and by virtue of that , become part of the canadian conference .	1	3	VBP	join	joins
the long , JJ hall sits on a raised platform , and is a NN of NNP architecture .	4	5	VBZ	sits	sit
the coastal NNS have a mediterranean climate but the majority which are further inland have a mild continental climate ( long , hot dry summers and cold winters ) .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the amount of twist in a NN helps to define the style of NN a NN with a lot of air such as a NN NN will have much less twist than a NN with little air , like a VBN NN .	1	7	VBZ	helps	help
my main issue is to link the picture since i do n't have any url .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
you also believe that this article is about the same geographical location as the location on rough tower .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
especially since 1980 , the definition of NNP has been altered repeatedly , though NNS disagree whether the index VBZ or VBZ the true rate of decline in purchasing power .	14	15	VBP	disagree	disagrees
except for the exhibitions of NNP culture , the museum is an amusement for JJ tourists .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
some JJ devices such as the NN and NN have even more specialized tools - sometimes these have to be purchased from the manufacturer for ridiculous amounts of money .	2	9	VBP	have	has
she called it RB NN and said that the JJ portrait of middle america is out of touch with today 's gay teenagers .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
the article describes different conventions for other languages , presumably they can be sourced too .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
the relevant law in this case is the soviet one , according to which NNP VBD from NNP ( while ussr was still functional ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP access this area offers access to NNP creek .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
the following articles need to reference their sources .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
JJ final proposed version of the NNP ' launch vehicle features a JJ third stage with enlarged JJ tanks .	3	10	VBZ	features	feature
the train goes up the shores of NNP loch ; passing NNP naval base ( aka hms NNP ) , the home of the united kingdom 's fleet of NNP nuclear submarines .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
RB wounded when his own NN attack fails , the king RB makes NNP his heir - knowing that many will try to kill him , including NNP and his cousin who are both of royal blood .	6	7	VBZ	fails	fail
delete ( speedy ) every second this article exists NNS wikipedia .	7	8	VBZ	exists	exist
named peaks in the range are confined the western end of the range , but the higher NNS , mostly officially unnamed but well-known to NNS and NNS , are in the eastern part of the range .	17	29	VBP	are	is
main transfer points are at the NNP river college , NNP light rail station and NNP town hall .	2	3	VBP	are	is
an estate agent is a person or business that VBZ the selling , VBG or management of properties , and other buildings , in the united kingdom and ireland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the banner is square or JJ and larger than the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a chain boat is a like a ferry that uses a chain ( as opposed to a rope ) attached to both destinations to drag itself back and forth across the water .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the only two references you 've supplied are both web forums and these are not acceptable as source material under wikipedia guidelines .	5	9	VBP	are	is
in june 2009 , the airline officially VBD from NNP express to NNP , because the new name implies a large , serious airline , while the `` express '' in the former name implies a small regional operation .	17	18	VBZ	implies	imply
the most JJ species are typically the most active and frequent the JJS NNS ; for example , the NN NN ( NNP NN ) is found in JJ coastal waters and is associated with rocky NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the surface is in general mountainous ; and the NN NN , especially in the vicinity of the village of NNP , from which the views are striking and beautiful .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN units have room for only one JJ .	1	2	VBP	have	has
keep NNP league gulf , though as it stands the article is JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the VBG depth is a mere 2 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
musical articles on genres , as opposed to specific bands , are difficult and usually require a team .	1	11	VBP	are	is
you are both NNS at the minimum , and as single purpose accounts are not members of the wikipedia community of editors by arbcom ruling .	12	13	VBP	are	is
if a NNP device is under active bias , the presence of open NNS may not prevent the circuit from operating at low clock frequencies as the result of quantum VBG effects .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other variants include the announcement at any point during the game , often breaking the opposing party 's bid or the possibility of NNP , if one holds both NNP of diamonds .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the book is a dark fantasy , a version of the NNP legend set in new york city during the great depression .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
immediately after the hook is the white water , where the wave NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
no exit '' is a song by the american new wave band NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP receives a call from a man who tells him that their group is everywhere while dick enters a mysterious tunnel in the heart of the NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this distinction is at least as old as NNP ( see above ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whilst NNP appears first on the roll , it is claimed that the roll dates from no earlier than 1828 .	13	14	VBZ	dates	date
however , these unit tests NNS and are extended as VBG NNS , issues are discovered and the code is subjected to NN .	3	4	VBZ	tests	test
i still have every reason to believe that he will VB consensus and claim that the article is his his his .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNS from NNP are yellow of appearance and were regarded as the highest kind of NNS during that century .	1	4	VBP	are	is
an user 's interest or participation in a wikiproject is not , by itself , an indication of their standing or involvement in a discussion or topic .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
that is because the NN marker is a character .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a NN is a nice NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her films include the seven deadly NNP ( 1990 ) , the almost true story of NNP the NNP ( 1992 ) , in this NNP life ( 2001 ) , and NNP ( 2008 ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the council also owns a cabin in mount carroll , illinois .	1	3	VBZ	owns	own
VBG committee is the place to bring up ideas on changing the JJ pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the result of performing the operation on a pair of elements of s is again an element of s , the operation is called a closed binary operation on s ( or sometimes expressed as having the property of closure ) .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the NN artwork , shot at NNP railway station in derbyshire , england , features art director brian cannon 's father with NN and his mother with NN .	2	14	VBZ	features	feature
the JJ , JJ road starts from a small parking area on mount washington road two miles ( 3 .	4	5	VBZ	starts	start
when the statue comes to life , her very JJ leads to complications .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
a romanian secondary school opens , the second in NNP after the one at NNP .	3	4	VBZ	opens	open
newer personal assistant companies instead charge a monthly flat rate , which saves money .	3	5	VBP	charge	charges
during the 1970s british television was VBN with NNS of frank spencer , a character from a RB popular british sitcom called some mothers do POS PRP .	23	24	VBP	Do	Does
i do not want to make this a sub of the linux article because the concentration is on the wider NNP needs .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the JJ species and NN fish are the most common and an JJ competitor to native ones .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the JJ artist is a stock character and NN NN who is in constant NN due to NNS with art and other people .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film ends with NNP falling to NNP castro 's NNS and most of NNP 's employers VBG the island aboard one of the last flights out .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
traditional names for the doctor include dr .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the old brewery in copenhagen is open for tours , and famous visitors have included winston churchill and queen elizabeth ii .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the higher mountains and NNS offer long distance views of NNP springs and san simon valleys and numerous mountain ranges .	2	5	VBP	offer	offers
whether that page is significant probably depends on whether you regard the activities of tim gill ( which would be me ) to be significant .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main origins and destinations of the regional trains are NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	9	VBP	are	is
patients with operated tubes are at increased risk for JJ pregnancy .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the transform of a NNP unit NN function is a NNP unit NN function in the transformed domain .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
after VBG , the dealer holds the deck out to the player to their left in order for them to cut the deck .	4	5	VBZ	holds	hold
first issue is november 1956 with candy NNP on the cover .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in a slightly different NN , NNP and jonathan NNP of the university of california , berkeley write that their JJ focus on public sociology aims to `` turn , as c .	21	25	VBZ	aims	aim
so , unlike the first treaty , the second one is clearly beneficial to the league rather NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this product is easy to use and will produce dramatic results .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but new problems are already in sight , when NNP jones sells NNP NNP , together with all divisions , which ryan NNP is a part of , to the NNP family .	2	3	VBP	are	is
significant buildings include the royal william NNP yard , the royal naval hospital , NNP , and the royal marine barracks .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
bringing in foreign students through study abroad programs such as living routes , visitors get a JJ account of the possibilities of sustainable living .	13	14	VBP	get	gets
although the naval service has no heavy NNS , all irish vessels have significant NN .	11	12	VBP	have	has
well , those JJ appear to have ( assuming at face value the citations are adequate for blp purposes ) reliable sourcing .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the NN 's seventh NN is of note here , because of its odd relationship with the NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
some bible colleges offer JJ training or degree programs in JJ areas that also have secular application , such as christian education .	2	3	VBP	offer	offers
the name of the operation derives from the afghan word for NN , which is a water management system used to provide a reliable supply of water to human settlements and irrigation in hot , JJ and JJ NNS .	1	5	VBZ	derives	derive
the informed discussion of what is necessary for VBG planets is the basis for a group of wikipedia articles .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
this quote is from the JJ version of the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the player won the champions cup , the ending credits will only appear if the player beats a south american team in the NNP cup .	16	17	VBZ	beats	beat
and NNS are on the property year round .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNS are plain with flat NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these factors make them actually become the best players , VBG the NN , while the real selection criterion was age .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
an intention is a goal , an objective that the application engineer has in mind at a given point of time .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
his total command of the various styles and scales is simply JJ .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
a few engines , such as the honda NNP series , now use overhead NN NN , driven by a timing belt .	2	12	VBP	use	uses
this incident reveals that NNP and NNP each commanded a personal following , whose votes were determined by the wishes of the leaders .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the structure works , it has brought the encyclopedia to its present state , for better and for worse .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
for example , a child who VBZ that she has greater abilities than a star athlete or musician may well eventually realize these goals , if her fantasy includes daily practice .	27	28	VBZ	includes	include
according to johns hopkins university political scientist matthew NNP , `` everybody VBZ about the NNS , but i think the assumption that many voters make , especially in baltimore , is that the mayor ca n't do a lot to reduce the NN rate .	24	25	VBP	make	makes
this version of the wizard possesses supernatural powers rather than VBG on technological weapons .	1	5	VBZ	possesses	possess
after that , student has the choice of either passing the NN national exam or extending his NN for another year , after which he gains the status of family physician .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the campus occupies in NNP , near edinburgh .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the word `` NNP '' refers to the NNP strait VBG the island from the mainland .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer
the doctors attempt to get the NNP used to living among humans .	1	2	VBP	attempt	attempts
maximum recorded depth is CD m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one very JJ thing about this is the lack of attempts to VB people who are JJ in this subject matter .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the electrical version is known by many names , including VBN NN maker , NN maker typical VBD NNS are a JJ cheese NN , NN NN , or RB NN .	18	19	VBP	are	is
delete the sources are JJ at best .	2	3	VBP	are	is
additional face NNS were later developed for other NNS , and the line to date includes ten characters covering the period CD to 1974 .	12	15	VBZ	includes	include
another , possibly more important NN , is that of the size and power of the muscles to the speed and power of flight .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
if the JJ NNS are predominantly sand , then the island is called a NN ; if they are predominantly JJ , the island is called a NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
and the performance of the stars is RB JJ and NN '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
no matter its name , the article is now worthy of wikipedia .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
machines can be divided into the bigger JJ machines where the machine remains JJ while the material is moved over the machine , and JJ power tools , where the tool is moved over the material .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
males bear JJ NNS , about long , with the base having a distinct band of pale , NN tissue .	0	1	VBP	bear	bears
a beautiful woman VBZ up in a car , asking the man for directions to an JJ interstate , which the man then gives and suggests that woman stop by a little country store to try some of miss belle 's sweet tea .	2	3	VBZ	pulls	pull
the headquarters of the NN is the town of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the film includes a large number of clips to give it the feel of the 1930s , and it is possible that getting copyright NN for these clips has proved difficult .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the rocky finger of the NNP du NNP points out and VBZ the entrance into the bay of NNP NNP .	2	8	VBZ	points	point
the bishop 's summer residence is of course the reason for the city right .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
still , some people go for them .	3	4	VBP	go	goes
keep - the phenomenon exists it he public consciousness of quebec , and it is therefore encyclopedic .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
in addition to this , junior teams compete at NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP levels , as well as further senior teams competing in local leagues .	6	7	VBP	compete	competes
the name of the sheriff in CD is unknown .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP services provide independent and professional opinions that reduce the information risk ( risk that comes from incorrect information ) .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
comment i think that the summaries are decent , but not RB VB .	5	6	VBP	are	is
i know of the ongoing dispute whereby NNP is said to be an involved editor who should not be taking actions , but that dispute is not relevant here .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the building is off of NNP ave and was built to RB connect downtown businesses to the college and to the campus core .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most americans in general would be familiar with whatever NNS show up in movies and tv shows featuring british actors .	9	10	VBP	show	shows
the park contains an historical marker for the NNP trail , a JJ extension of the NNP trail , over which cattle were driven to market late in the 19th century .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
only the first verse VBZ the true NNP NN pattern of the original french ; thereafter it varies .	3	4	VBZ	preserves	preserve
i understand and VBP with his NN with sourcing , but i believe our approach is to call for sourcing by tagging the article ( or adding sources ) , rather than to use that as a reason to delete .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
typically , one element is a negative ( VB ) element made out of flint glass such as NNP , which has relatively high NN , and the other is a positive ( NN ) element made of crown glass such as NNP , which has lower NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a companion to the regular NNP program , NNP for search , allows website owners to place google search boxes on their websites .	1	12	VBZ	allows	allow
it should therefore be clearly obvious who the real problem editor is .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the wikipedia community encourages users to be bold , and VBZ the role of bold edits in reaching consensus .	2	3	VBZ	encourages	encourage
the real reason is clear - you would immediately edit the article and VB my watching it for a natural NN span .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a spectacular example of the organizational capacity of the NNP relates to the saving of the children of villa emma at NNP .	2	10	VBZ	relates	relate
these are published when authors do experiments to help support their topics .	4	5	VBP	do	does
the town hosts a country fire authority volunteer brigade .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
the park is now more than double the size it was in 1932 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when writing about a commune you merely write about the village that is head of the commune ( and whose name is the same ) .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the team plays its home games at don NNP stadium in NNP , texas .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the highway runs near NNP national park .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the same information is already in the second paragraph .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
go for it , your draft needs to be VBN .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
i for a taste of what admins do and to gain experience with the NN of it .	6	7	VBP	do	does
a JJ chart is a graphic representation of a maritime area and adjacent coastal regions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in this news the website gives credit to NNP as its the news agency which provides the news .	4	5	VBZ	gives	give
of course , these NNS with respect to anything to do with NNP would VB the question of NN of information about NNP , which is primarily what the upcoming documentary on wikipedia VBZ to focus .	30	33	VBZ	intends	intend
gas NNS have similar design features .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the park is named after the railroad and the streets have related names , such as `` locomotive lane '' and `` NNP NNP .	9	10	VBP	have	has
NNP is acting in good faith , but for some reason can not see that the vote is still clearly there !	16	17	VBZ	is	are
route CD is the road which connects NNP and NNP VBP to hawaii route 50 , the principal highway of the southern part of NNP i island in the state of hawaii .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition to JJ memory chips , blocks of NN memory are integral parts of many computer and data processing integrated circuits .	7	11	VBP	are	is
the shield displays the courthouse in the centre , the border monument to the right , the JJ sage ( which is the national flower ) to the left .	1	2	VBZ	displays	display
the video is in black and white , it features pink in the wedding dress she wore to her actual wedding to carey hart in 2006 , and a diamond VBN wedding NN as she searches for her lover , to no NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people need drama because they would not believe the reality '' .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
NNS such as NNP use JJ control .	0	4	VBP	use	uses
in a social interaction , as in a theatrical performance , there is an JJ area where actors ( individuals ) appear before the audience ; this is where positive NNS and desired NNS are offered .	19	21	VBP	appear	appears
strong keep NNP articles are a part of the teachings of jesus and should be added to wiki NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the song of the road is a 1937 british drama film directed by john NNP and starring NNP williams , ernest NNP and NNP george .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the same results that i wrote earlier ( most of them are obvious ) .	2	11	VBP	are	is
two temples are there near krishna river namely lord sri rama and lord NNP temples .	1	2	VBP	are	is
primary sources are a great source of factual information but are not good sources to establish notability - those require secondary sources , like game review articles from an established gaming magazine , for example .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the european NNP version is JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it ended up being directed by NNP NNP the film depicts a JJ portrayal of NN , black magic , and the NN .	9	10	VBZ	depicts	depict
the aircraft has a great deal of parts NN with the NNP evolution , but includes a NN NN , NN , NNS , and a standard NN package .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the station waiting room has a small coffee and newspaper shop that is open at morning NN time and then through the afternoon rush hour .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the purpose of the initiative is to improve NN compliance and service by setting professional standards for and providing support to the tax preparation industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the concept of guru is as old as humanity itself .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the official diff link is perfectly suitable rather than a user having to come to my userspace and then click on the very same diff link when they could have just done it at the editing restrictions page .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this version features every single course from the original NNP usa game and the championship circuit edition .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
due to budget cuts from the NNP school district 's school board , advanced placement ( ap ) classes are not offered , and honor 's classes are available in english only .	26	27	VBP	are	is
other businesses include training for sailors and sales of electronic ship machinery .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
for that you want the NN type of `` ; larger horses require more NN than smaller ones , as well as larger NNS and NNS .	11	12	VBP	require	requires
students visit in groups of 30 to 50 .	0	1	VBP	visit	visits
the NNS of the NNP government include VBG all newspaper NNS , removing all american military bases on uk soil , JJ nuclear NN , and true open government .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
because the desired type of dna NN is a rare event in the case of most cells and most NNS , the foreign sequence chosen for NN usually includes a reporter .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
delete - fans of the game already know about the NNP wiki and anybody doing research on the game can find what they need here .	2	7	VBP	know	knows
the music video is the only one that has been produced by the band during its nearly JJ career .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
released in 1998 the album encompasses a part of moore 's JJ career from 1982 to 1994 .	4	5	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
quick and easy , simply enable VBG when the page is move protected .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it may take some time before the bot does something and i do n't know how often it 's fixed .	7	8	VBZ	does	do
the lists below are JJ and VBN by the country in which the player spent their international career .	1	3	VBP	are	is
both NNS have a JJ JJ NN ( wing patch ) , which is not bordered with white as with the NNP .	1	2	VBP	have	has
winter in the northern hemisphere features many holidays that involve festivals and NNS .	0	5	VBZ	features	feature
they further argue that NNS increase NN for all people and that the loss of those effects would lead to NN .	4	5	VBP	increase	increases
the format is clear and standard .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school serves the northwest michigan area , including the townships of NNP , NNP lake , NNP lake , center , NNP , maple river , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the other teams join in the NNP league b .	2	3	VBP	join	joins
my user name is evident for the conflict , and i hope this shows you , that i was acting in good will for all changes , otherwise i would have called me different as a user .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
catch from her debut studio album catch the catch , and was released in 1985 by NNP .	0	5	VBZ	album	album
the documentary includes interviews with many of the agents involved in the operation .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this section VBZ solely to primary NN as the secondary form is too poorly understood .	1	2	VBZ	pertains	pertain
every JJ site that was important during the preceding late bronze age shows a destruction layer , and it appears that here civilization did not recover to the level of the JJ NNS for another thousand years .	2	12	VBZ	shows	show
for example the widespread use of NNS in areas where JJ NN NN is common carries the risk of VBG episodes of NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
JJ ships fly the national flag as their NN , except for ships of the NNP national navy , which use the national flag charged with two red crossed NNS in the canton as the naval NN .	1	2	VBP	fly	flies
the fact that ( lake union ) is located in the very heart of the city indicates that if properly developed it will become a most important factor in the commercial and business activities of the city .	1	16	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the NNP theory states that the process of recall begins with a search and NN process , and then a decision or recognition process where the correct information is chosen from what has been retrieved .	6	9	VBZ	begins	begin
its favored habitat is VBN NNS near streams and rivers where the dominant species include NN , NN , NN , and NN .	13	14	VBP	include	includes
however , evidence suggests that NNP 's inability to control her powers is psychological in nature .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
one story says it was named by juan NNP de león for queen isabella i of castile ; the island may indeed be named for this queen or the saint whose name she shares , either by NNP de león or someone later .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
i would say no , since the general rule ( as i understand it ) is that arbcom is supposed to consider only evidence presented JJ ( meaning on the english wikipedia ) .	8	15	VBZ	is	are
this system of apostolic succession continues in the church of jesus christ of JJ saints .	1	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the laser 's NN is similar in width to an atom , providing extremely detailed images on a scale previously JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's biggest commitment remains to legal scholarship .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
groups of five or seven bits become a character printed by a NN .	0	6	VBP	become	becomes
the majority of the population consists of NNP who live near NNP de bay , though there is also a significant percentage of mountain VBG people living in the northern portions of the municipality .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP 's NN over his NN is VBN by the fact that he does not know what death is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the name POS ' probably comes from the old english meaning VBN by the valley stream ' , though local legend says that the village got its name after an attempted scottish invasion of england was VBN by literally VBG up the fields ' to stop the advancing armies .	20	21	VBZ	says	say
her bell is currently on display at the national maritime museum in greenwich .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as well as being a museum and conference centre , the house plays a role in the graduation ceremonies of the local university and also NNS for all forms of meetings including marriages .	11	12	VBZ	plays	play
in reality the movement of their NNS is the engine which drives their NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a suspicious NN needs to undergo a NN that generally can be performed in an office setting under local NN .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
the commons references say correctly that a typical signature lacks NN .	8	9	VBZ	lacks	lack
if warnings have been ignored a block appears in order .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear
when you receive an item , a JJ password appears and you enter it into the NNP .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the front block is in three NNS , and the rear wing is in two .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
mixing NNS are the heart of a sound NN system .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , will VBZ the video NN before the video is complete and walks out , JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
there has been some NN about the relative responsibility of mason and clayton for this commission , but most NNS treat it as a joint production .	19	20	VBP	treat	treats
the JJS month is february , with a daily average temperature of , while the NN is august , with a daily average of .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the result is deeper and longer tributary NNS and NNS on the north side and shorter and JJR side NNS on the south side .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the relationship is particularly clear in the case of complex NN NNS , as demonstrated by NNP ( 2001 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nearest cable car terminal to NNP on the south side of the river is within walking distance of NNP , the north greenwich tube station , and the NNP .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
the current town council members are william NNP , andrew d .	4	5	VBP	are	is
in the past i have placed another incident report here on this very user , and it was ignored , however this is the second time the user does this , and this is extremely unacceptable and JJ behavior .	27	28	VBZ	does	do
examples include JJ NNP NNP online , JJ strategy NNP and science fiction NNP NNP , among many others .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
if an ion contains more than 1 atom , even if these atoms are of the same element , it is called a JJ ion .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the school has over 22 , 000 students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , NNP 's attitude towards the NN body and the NN that carol 's brain is that of the NN 's make him VB to finish her off , realizing that the woman he fell in love with is now inside the NN .	4	16	VBZ	is	are
several JJ films are already in the works .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the film ends with the sight of the filmmaker 's child and a quote by bell NNS on NN and the life cycle .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the fear of NNP scale ( NNP ) is a JJ NN that can determine the level of fear of NN that an individual has .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
every regional center and large district center has a number of local providers and home networks .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
and even that statement is a bit of a stretch , this whole exhibit could be seen as a thought experiment for history .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the codes that VBP the construction of JJ homes are exactly the same codes that VBP the construction of JJ homes .	1	9	VBP	are	is
RB , if a graph has a cycle , then every JJ completion of the graph includes at least one triangle consisting of three consecutive NNS of the triangle , from which it follows that its NN is at least two .	12	16	VBZ	includes	include
these projects include the third and fourth power plans conducted in male as well as the heavy fuel project carried out to control electricity prices in response to spike in global fuel prices .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
candy 's daughter , jennifer candy , is an actress and television producer , having production credits for the television series NNP queen and sam has 7 friends .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the strings are always silver and the NN is always gold .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this process occurs at different levels of decision NN , while VBG significant architectural requirements and software architecture decisions , and software architecture analysis , synthesis , and evaluation .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the above comment is by the article creator aka .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the characteristics of this climate are due to the situation of the municipality , VBN from the atlantic storms .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the region 's name derives from the NNP group which resided in NNP , but moved to the area near the NNP river when alexander attacked NNP .	3	4	VBZ	derives	derive
it is believed that NNP hall is connected by an underground tunnel to the life sciences centre ( which would allow students to walk from NNP hall to the NNP library without going NNS ) , though the tunnel is no longer accessible by students .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
however , an identity card is still useful both in one 's own country and in another nordic country .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in medicine , a NN is an early NN ( or set of symptoms ) that might indicate the start of a disease before specific symptoms occur .	25	26	VBP	occur	occurs
rotating interactive exhibits allow visitors to investigate technologies such as robots and computers , security technology , JJ technology , communications technology , and household technology .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
in life , the NNS hang RB when the tide is in but VB over the NN when exposed by low tide .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the final selection covers a diverse range of themes and subjects including horror , drama , animation and comedy .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
his favorite monster vehicles to date are the ford ambulance NNP and the chevrolet NNP NNP peak hill NN .	3	6	VBP	are	is
JJ matrix a matrix whose entries are NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the game is similar to the older JJ variant take two .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
references go after NNS or NNS not in the middle of a sentence .	0	1	VBP	go	goes
it is only when the NNS go up that their concert NNS have seemed to RB appear on them when they ran RB .	5	6	VBP	go	goes
NNP the swan appears as a character in its own right in when we were very young .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the territory of NNP includes several smaller NNS and communities , including NNP , bell falls , NNP bay , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
for the first 8 innings , the player in control picks a category and the subject of a JJ question is given .	7	10	VBZ	picks	pick
this article is about an american actor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the statistical area includes one metropolitan area and JJ area .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
during development and at birth , JJ NNS have some JJ supply to the NN end plates and the JJ NN .	7	8	VBP	have	has
by the 5th century ad a village existed in the area where the base of NNP meets the NNP river , a tributary of the NNP NNP river .	13	16	VBZ	meets	meet
in belgium , the stock becomes part of the NNP index , and in france of the NNP 40 .	4	5	VBZ	becomes	become
this league consists of river valley , woodland , pioneer , NNP , and NNP high school .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
consequently , it 's racial composition is about the same as other malaysian infantry battalions .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
we have just seen that NN NNS like my wife ( definite descriptions ) allow for such accommodation .	6	14	VBP	allow	allows
religion and worship to the gods is an important aspect of the game .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
comment this is obviously a bad faith nomination .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
members of a networks have access to other members who understand their economic , legal and political factors .	0	4	VBP	have	has
maximum recorded depth is 39 m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and yet most truck drivers complete their routes without incident .	4	5	VBP	complete	completes
these systems utilize natural circulation based on simple laws of physics to transfer the decay heat outside NN while maintaining water levels inside the reactor , keeping the nuclear fuel VBN in water and adequately VBD .	1	2	VBP	utilize	utilizes
this proves the statement is true for p .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
common sense tells us a mere mention of her on the main massacre article would satisfy .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
in our current high speed media and social media environment , NNP has announced and caused to be published , to hundreds of millions of people , that lgbt people are unacceptable and JJ .	29	30	VBP	are	is
this article is a NN to a talented and motivated person who has served his state and his country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN on the NNS is the university crest and features VBP the lion .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ strike is in full swing .	1	2	VBZ	Is	Are
natural selection acts on the NN , or the JJ characteristics of an NN , but the genetic ( JJ ) basis of any NN that gives a JJ advantage may become more common in a population ( see JJ frequency ) .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
the opportunity then exists to move further to VB and even model physical customer behavior .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the lodge itself is a two story residence with JJ and basement similar in design to those in other civil war era national NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the statute of limitations for injuries to children only starts at the eighteenth birthday .	1	9	VBZ	starts	start
other characters include emily 's NNS alexander and nicholas , her english friend gregory , her friend NNP , her little sister pat ( NNP in france ) , her big brother stephen and his friends william and sydney .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in addition to the NNP , students also elect members for the students ' mess council ( NNP ) , which is in charge of managing the two NNS and the JJ NN .	6	8	VBP	elect	elects
vienna 31 dec 1994 ) , married RB on 23 april 1944 to sarah NNP NNP , and his descendants ( their only son and four NNS were VBN from the succession ) , the heir to the house of NNP is the former king NNP ii of bulgaria .	35	41	VBZ	is	are
the reason the article is now VBN is because the nominating editor has RB removed all the JJ links !	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP railway station is a stop of the NNP NNP on the line NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a subject with an VBN social consciousness VBZ alternatives to the dominant cultural viewpoint .	1	7	VBZ	explores	explore
though sometimes assumed to be a NN of the phrase `` everything from a to z in the usa '' from an old jack NNP joke , the place name `` NNP '' traces back to at least the 18th century .	9	33	VBZ	traces	trace
although the concept of NN was not introduced by NNP , his major contribution was the recognition that the speed of light in a vacuum is constant and an absolute physical boundary for motion .	19	25	VBZ	is	are
surely good intentions can VB the response the community has to problematic behavior , but first we need to determine if the behavior was problematic or not .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
in fact , every piece she creates , whether on canvas or paper , or even JJ sculpture , has great NN , NN and depth .	4	19	VBZ	has	have
the capital of the county is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this game is best played with seven players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rest of the NN is all JJ just to VB you .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this NN can be seen as related to the NN of the NNP , unlike the NN of the NNP , the seed here seems to represent the kingdom of god itself .	22	24	VBZ	seems	seem
the point of an encyclopedia is to have comprehensive written NNS that contain information .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
since 1999 , executive powers for JJ matters of the government of scotland NNS in the hand of the scottish government , whereas legislative powers for JJ matters are within the NN of the scottish parliament .	4	28	VBP	are	is
this is not a problem with natural gas burned as a fuel , but a major use of NNS such as nitrogen , NN , NN and NN is to protect JJ materials from the atmosphere .	16	28	VBZ	is	are
high edit count is impressive , but adminship requires more than that .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unlike NN VBG where the trunk itself is the only permanent , JJ piece of the NN , NN trained NNS have one or two woody arms extending from the top of the trunk .	20	21	VBP	have	has
several people need to submit the dates that they need things ( media for labs - like NN plates or JJ cultures ) to a single person who would then merge the files into a single master calendar .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the film ends as we see her NN body VBD across the wheel and hear the JJ NNS of her daughter in the front passenger seat .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
examples of mediation functions are communications control , protocol conversion , data handling , communications of NNS , processing that includes NN , and data storage .	0	4	VBP	are	is
other major events held at the arena include the 1999 NNP world championship in ice hockey , the 1999 world women 's handball championship , the 2012 NNP ice NNP hockey world championships and the scheduled CD winter youth olympics .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
the route runs from de 4 adjacent to the NNP hospital in NNP southeast to de CD near NNP corner .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
for example , inside an internal NN engine ( a type of VBG engine ) , the expansion of burning fuel in the NNS RB VBZ the NN down , which , through the connecting rod , turns the NN .	17	25	VBZ	pushes	push
the winner of a reality television show VBZ his two best friends to share the los angeles IN he won for coming in first place , and quickly finds out why living with your NNS is not always the best idea .	1	7	VBZ	invites	invite
a player VBZ the ball twice or longer than a NN ( NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	touches	touch
their mother died years before and their father goes off for months at a time leaving NNP , a senior and a star basketball player and NNP at home .	7	8	VBZ	goes	go
its death ends the detective story .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
these kings are NNP on the NNS of their respective courts , winter and summer , and therefore generally are not known as powers within the courts .	1	2	VBP	are	is
please keep that in mind when nominating or voting on afds where the titles are east european , arabic , persian or hindi .	13	14	VBP	are	is
railway station of NNP is the one of the biggest railway station of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the current coach is NNP close the team was a member of the NNP until joining the ncaa in 1984 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , his ban is still subject to debates after more than six months and is considered unfair by many editors .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ change within an organization or community is often initiated by individuals using various methods , but it is often hard to determine which are methods are most , or at all , effective .	25	26	VBP	are	is
because of this , the idea that any form of mass is completely caused by interactions with electromagnetic fields , is not relevant any more .	5	20	VBZ	is	are
the main entrance is on the front of the building .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its JJ NNS are fifth avenue , madison avenue , park avenue , lexington avenue , third , second and first NNP , york avenue , and east end avenue ( the latter runs only from east NNP street to east NNP street ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her previous NNS include the u .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
perhaps , when its customers VBP , NNP might be forced to take action .	4	5	VBP	complain	complains
this redirect template is for redirects from titles that are JJ database NNS ( NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article is very large , and i find it hard to believe that there is no beneficial information that could be added to genetic code .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i know the lead needs JJ but i 've held off until i finish up the body .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
VBN metal lines include NNP ii and si ii .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the topic of the article is absolutely valid .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
provided that the NNP VBZ to the claims made on it , the unlimited liability thereby becomes to some extent limited .	14	16	VBZ	becomes	become
its origins date back to the year 1877 when NNP NNP made a one time NN of 400 NNP and an annual NN of 150 NNP to buy a book collection for the english seminary at vienna university .	1	2	VBP	date	dates
because most scientific journals accept manuscripts only in english , an entire industry has developed to help JJ english speaking authors improve their text before submission .	3	4	VBP	accept	accepts
further effect depends on the type of g protein .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
it also states that such nominations shall be made at least three days prior to such appointment and no such appointment shall take place unless a majority of the council agrees .	26	30	VBZ	agrees	agree
today 's NNS of NNP use JJ and JJ JJ NN in combination with message NNS as technology NNS .	2	5	VBP	use	uses
the company mission is to create value added based on innovation , NN and passion to VB us all to move towards a sustainable development .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
your hard drive has a lot of files .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NN in the hood `` it gives the reader the real NN .	0	6	VBZ	gives	give
guess what , thousands of people contribute to the NNS and manage to VB like adults .	3	6	VBP	contribute	contributes
when enlisted , volunteers first go through a JJ basic military training at korea army training center under administration of ministry of national defense .	3	5	VBP	go	goes
the rest is about the performance of the team he coached as part of his career , and properly belongs in ( for example ) a history of that team .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
kelly pool is a game , which means that players must contact the lowest numbered on each shot first until the opportunity to pocket their own is presented .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their community service allows the NNS to interact with the secular world , unlike other NNP NNS , who spend most of their time VBN in NNS , VBG for the world .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
with limited accommodation available nearby , the best locations to stay are at NNP or NNP town .	8	11	VBP	are	is
texas state parks are open free of charge to NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the three NNS have high economic and social status .	2	3	VBP	have	has
ad CD ) , one of the three kingdoms of korea , whose similarity to the NNP language is not clearly established .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's call letters now belong to fm 99 .	3	5	VBP	belong	belongs
the surviving recording of the first australian into outer NNP NNP includes the audience warm up , which includes a short jazz number by the abc dance band with spike NNP playing the trumpet .	2	11	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP family is a leading family in JJ language and cultural studies .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
student projects VBP research skills and engineering .	1	2	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
in the 1950 JJ NNP NN , pope pius NNP confirmed that there is no JJ conflict between christianity and the theory of evolution , provided that christians believe that the individual soul is a direct creation by god and not the product of purely material forces .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the probability of a row appearing someone is quite small , so we can ignore that to first NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
his most recent musical works include NNP influences , with albums such as NNP , open doors and NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
that is the issue that three separate editors have with james .	7	8	VBP	have	has
NNS generally range from 3 , 000 to 6 , 000 feet ( 900 to 1 , 800 m ) .	0	2	VBP	range	ranges
if the answer to that question is yes , then maybe the copyright holder can choose not to grant a licence to a station for certain songs .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the school 's fight song is ohio state 's `` fight the team across the field .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the 0 NN is for trunk ( NN ) NN from within the country .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i was wondering if there was a name for the NN that a NN has that tells it that it is able to trust its mother to take care of it and VB it until it is old enough to survive on its own .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
g JJ receptor ( NNP ) NN 2 ( NNP ) VBZ members of the NNP family , specifically JJ JJ receptors .	2	11	VBZ	regulates	regulate
swan is an american cultural NN and museum NN whose work has focused on NN and VBG the cultural history of the americas .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
none of this is notable , and the majority of it is not JJ either .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
today , the mount is a prominent feature of NNP county .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its JJ equivalent is g major .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all sources included are more then trivial `` acceptable sources under this criterion include all types of reliable sources except works carrying merely trivial coverage '' .	9	13	VBP	include	includes
although NNP 's parents are very reluctant to deal with victoria , as the movie NNS , they become closer .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the `` JJ NN '' theory is the only scenario discussed in the NNS , although matthew brings it up solely to VB it and claim that the tale was a NN of jerusalem 's high priests .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
comment some of us think that a band being verifiable is good enough .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the container ship is part of the fleet of the NNP line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
professor NNP 's research VBZ signal processing , control , JJ systems , learning , and development as a means of constructing intelligent systems .	3	4	VBZ	integrates	integrate
after all , as RB pointed out in the essay , process is there by consensus , and thus it is only fair on fellow wikipedians to discuss and gain consensus on exceptions , VBG an emergency .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
online events such as a general NN and a technical NN also form part of the NN .	1	12	VBP	form	forms
IN it says that the oldest edit to wikipedia that is visible now is in fact not the oldest one ever , because all edits made prior to that one have been lost .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
my net identity goes back for more than a decade , with a record of helpful participation on NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
metal NNS show enhanced JJ activity with the increase in surface NNS in the NNS as this can VB electron hole separation .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the only discussion of the concept is unsourced .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this bottom up flow of power for JJ decisions is how it should be .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
sex NN therapy ( NNP ) is an umbrella term for all medical procedures regarding sex NN of both NN and JJ people .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the 500 NN ( CD ha ) campus is in the city of NNP , tennessee .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
people say that if you concentrate hard enough , you can hear the sound of someone clearing VBZ out of his throat .	0	1	VBP	say	says
like a fire you 've been VBG for hours and finally got to VB itself , the heat NNS your face while your back is frozen solid .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the sea hosts about 80 species of NNP , more than 70 species of NN , and nearly 700 species of NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS , but their total volume is relatively small owing to the cold climate .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
traders provide their entry prices , NNS , target prices for their NNS .	0	1	VBP	provide	provides
but i agree that merging the NNS into one article is okay for now given how short the articles are presently .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NNP pipes remain popular today because they are JJ and require no `` NN '' period like NN pipes .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
several species within the order are JJ and two , NNP NN and a .	1	5	VBP	are	is
that page is mainly for NN features built into the NNP software which powers wikipedia and thousands of other NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an exception to this rule is in newspaper NNS , or sentences and phrases where all the letters are VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
when NNP is VBN in NN , the plants have a similar NN to VB NNS yet are still able to respond normally to VB , VBG the view that NNP is not the NN receptor .	8	9	VBP	have	has
merge into power rangers NNP until this person has a JJ outside of a single show .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
this space bound is due to ; the original version of the algorithm was slightly different ( it did not remove crossing events from q when some other event causes the two crossing segments to become JJ ) causing it to use more space .	28	29	VBZ	causes	cause
i 'm in no position to say whether the article is comprehensive , but to a NN it appears to be .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
functional NN of the assembled NNS allows for insight into the particular molecular functions , cellular components , and biological processes in which the JJ proteins are involved .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
gun owners of NNP and page appears to represent an organisation , missouri gun owners .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
other villages in the municipality include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the church is unusual in the modern episcopal church using the traditional 1928 edition of the book of common prayer , in combination with the anglican NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
production and employment levels are down from the 1969 peak when the NNP made NNP the world 's 4th largest copper producer .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this listing is as relevant as methodist or presbyterian because they may represent an important social trend .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its highest point is NNP ( CD m ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as completion fluid , which assists the NN of control hardware after VBG but prior to production , the function of NN NN is to maintain the pressure .	19	23	VBZ	is	are
JJ oil NNS from ancient VBN organic materials , such as NNP and NN , which JJ processes convert into oil .	17	18	VBP	convert	converts
its aim is to foster and improve NNP relations at the political , social , cultural and scientific levels .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yet its proper place is a dictionary .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category is for books related to the television series doctor who which are available as NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article is entirely about an unusual NN of a common word , and pronunciation is explicitly the domain of NNP , not wikipedia .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
later , he attended the university of northern colorado where he appeared in several productions at the little theater of the NNP , whose alumni include nick NNP .	24	25	VBP	include	includes
the best way is for you to list the problems with the article against the ga criteria .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the population is JJ into relatively small communities , with a controlled environment , and keeps in contact with the rest of the world through the NNP , a combination television and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was released by epic records on september 26 , 2002 , as the lead single from her third studio album this is me .	14	22	VBZ	Is	Are
buses primarily serve the 4th street transit mall , and provide local service throughout the region , as well as express service to riverside .	0	2	VBP	serve	serves
the municipality covers an area of and as of 2011 had a population of 92 people .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the miller has pink NNS whereas NNP NNP are white , the NNS of the miller are more easily pulled away , and the miller NNS of raw NN .	12	16	VBP	are	is
founded in 1967 by NNP master NNP NNP , the order promotes JJ buddhism , a modern chinese buddhist thought developed through the 20th century and made popular by this and other modern chinese buddhist orders .	10	11	VBZ	promotes	promote
often used as a differential measurement since only copper wire VBZ the NNS .	9	10	VBZ	touches	touch
the community has , through a project with the ministry of development and NNP NNP sa ( a subsidiary of the french energy holding company NNP NNP NNP ) , installed 10 NNP NNP wind NNS on the mountain above the village .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in fact , most pages have the very same NN on the subject which means it was probably a press release or something of that sort .	4	5	VBP	have	has
his daughter , whose name is unknown , was left lands around NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
various terms related to the NN process include NN , NN , NN , improvement , NN , and NN , although in strictly scientific usage acoustic authorities would question most of them .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
many times new editors mean well , but RB violate policy .	1	4	VBP	mean	means
its nearest town is NNP , which lies approximately 1 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP football team plays its home matches in NNP stadium .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
my name is charlie , am not an it expert and find some of the instructions to ask you questions not user friendly , such as ( 86 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book , featuring a text in middle english with extensive scholarly notes , is frequently confused with the translation into modern english that NNP prepared , along with translations of pearl and sir NNP , late in his life .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
all other NNS are completely arbitrary .	2	3	VBP	are	is
note that even in the case where the NNS and NNS are exactly the same size , one NN will not necessarily match up exactly to one NN - it may be VBN , and cover parts of up to four neighboring NNS .	8	11	VBP	are	is
as JJ communication between NNS is always out of date then many sending NNS expect NN in the form of a JJ communication ; NNS can lead to the NN being VBN by the NN of the receiver .	13	14	VBP	expect	expects
if the publications are notable , his work can be cited in whatever articles the works address .	2	3	VBP	are	is
however , the human mind has no special claim on reality or approaches to it built out of math .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
yes , it is third party review , and these pages are sort of mirrors , one is his private page and one is JJ page he made .	10	11	VBP	are	is
if this journal is not a NNP for this , then its not an NNP for anything and virtually all articles on any NNP subject will have to be JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category contains computer games made for , or VBN to , the bbc NNP , NNP electron and bbc master JJ JJ home computers which have articles on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP 's catholic churches are part of the archdiocese of new orleans .	3	4	VBP	are	is
most NNS require p or n to be set on the NN NN before the engine can be started .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
the story starts after bobby NNP has spoken with NNP , who explains to him , the lead NNP and main character , the situation on NNP , introduces bobby to her sister and her JJ NNP and her friends , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
once one team has only two planets remaining , a twenty minute count down NN for their automatic surrender begins .	18	19	VBZ	begins	begin
the investigation leads NNP and NNP track down the last person to see her alive , an academic whose juvenile JJ son becomes their prime suspect .	21	22	VBZ	becomes	become
her works are popular in taiwan and mainland china .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the surname NNP has alternate NNS , including the JJ NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the earliest reports of cricket in canada date from CD where games seem to have taken place in montreal .	2	12	VBP	seem	seems
its source is in the town of NNP at the hamlet of NNP , and its mouth is at its confluence with NNP creek to form NNP creek , in the town of NNP .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
however , any talk of violence on the internet , whether it be JJ or violence to others should be taken at least a little bit seriously , as the above poster says , as it may come to NN .	31	32	VBZ	says	say
the cost of being incorporated into a city is still a JJ issue in this part of the county .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
as of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 3 , CD and a density of 19 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
adults are on the wing around june and july ( depending on locality ) and are JJ , though they avoid the hot period around NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
search shows up higher than the primary article depending on the order of the words .	0	1	VBZ	shows	show
the items in the list have or should have wikipedia articles or substantial parts of them .	1	5	VBP	have	has
dental training centers include NNP health care campus in NNP and NNP medical center in NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this page contains a compilation of statistics regarding afd 's that took place in the JJ period between november 1 , 2010 and november 1 , 2011 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
note that the figure to the right implies that the mac occurs at a point where leading or VBG edge NN changes .	3	11	VBZ	occurs	occur
we have to work with the information we have , and that information is that indian government work is not in the public domain .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
unless wikipedia 's servers are too full , i do n't see a reason to delete articles which improve wikipedia 's coverage of JJ NNS and issues and make them accessible to wikipedia users in a way specialist web sites do not .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the suggested NNS for the absence or NN of functions at this stage are JJ and psychological .	2	13	VBP	are	is
similar answers apply to most forms of NN as well , where NNS in the liver would not be removed by blood NN .	1	2	VBP	apply	applies
the sole purpose of the program designed by teachers and staff is to get every child to college .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the test reveals a person 's true wants and needs by the way they tell the story .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
in addition , parts of the original trail are still accessible .	3	8	VBP	are	is
a range block of that texas ip is in order .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a redirect to independent payment advisory board ; the history is there .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the most notable aspect of NNP , in fact , is how little p .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the school 's astronomy teacher with her unusually accurate sense of hearing and vision it makes NN and VBG in her classroom RB impossible .	4	15	VBZ	makes	make
the relations of the NN and of the indian government with the tribes on the north-west frontier also require further NN .	1	18	VBP	require	requires
the aim of the game is to kill all muslims that appear on the screen .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the town has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this article reads more like an entry out of a course catalog or NN than an JJ entry on the university of st .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
in marvel NNP return , it is revealed that the NNP 's infection and universal travel is a NN NN .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
it is always strange when an actor chooses to use so many NNS .	6	7	VBZ	chooses	choose
afd 's , and the link itself is spam as it 's selling the album on that page .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the associate justice of the u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN 's NNS have also been the subject of a great deal of research into how people use NNS , and are probably the most JJ type of dictionary .	17	18	VBP	use	uses
even if somebody did manage to guess , steal or VB the port NN and successfully use it to gain access to a port , the usual port security mechanisms are still in place , along with whatever service NN was running on the opened ports .	29	30	VBP	are	is
he shows a diagram of norway , sweden , and denmark , which he says has a comparable population as the state of new york , and how fewer NNS have NNP than new NNPS , the film ends with a NN for everyone to get a blood test .	37	38	VBZ	ends	end
if this new editor has pov issues , well , that is what other more experienced editors are here to help with .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the elements needed for life are relatively common in the earth 's NN , and RB most of the common elements are necessary for life .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this is the part of the story where the characters go through major changes in their lives as a result of what is happening ; this can be referred to as the character arc , or character development .	9	10	VBP	go	goes
this department specializes in improving articles related to the history of the boston NNP .	1	2	VBZ	specializes	specialize
first nations artist by birth and style has contributed to a somewhat negative view of his work by some members of the art community .	1	2	VBP	artist	artists
the only NN is it is hard to VB right and requires the right materials to VB it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a popular beach wedding destination , NNP 's JJ resort provides JJ wedding at the JJ NNP wedding chapel which can handle up to 40 guests .	2	10	VBZ	provides	provide
all the article tells us is when and where , which could be dealt with by creating a much better list of lunar NNS .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the route has a major broad gauge railway line .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
but as this person is a subject IN the article it is strongly recommended not to go around throwing the name out in relation to the ip editor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the municipality of NNP contains the NN ( NNS , mainly villages and NNS ) NNP ( NNP di NNP ) , NNP ( NNP di NNP ) , NNP ( NNP ) and NNP ( NNP ) .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
this service is still responsible for 1 million NN of revenue per year for NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lyrics are very JJ and i feel the album itself is quite cold and JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP 's NN model breaks new ground by using JJ NN to dramatically lower the costs of NN for JJ NNS in developing countries .	3	4	VBZ	breaks	break
a site for her is underway and will be finish shortly enough where you will be able to send money , donations , cards , and anything that will bring a NN to her face and NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the article is at mass concentration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what makes successful a mathematical structure is not the JJ NN , but the right NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
each child from each team is on the bed once during the duration of the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
probably the most common cause of hospital NNS resulting from magic NN usage involve `` bad trips '' or panic reactions , in which affected individuals become extremely JJ , confused , VBN , or VBN .	25	26	VBP	become	becomes
you might consider starting a little JJ resource with advice specific to writing about this subject ( IN me if you prepare a draft ) ; i see the film people have a very good NN page , although i 'm not suggesting you go that far quite yet .	30	31	VBP	have	has
the NNP building is a JJ structure used to train forces in methods of entry techniques .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unlike the more common JJ format , these NNS comprise 21 lines , with new NN variations .	8	9	VBP	comprise	comprises
each team plays all other teams both home and away , for a total of 14 games in a season .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
accredited by the southern association of colleges and schools , the program is a participant in the state of florida NNP scholarship program for students with learning challenges .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
response to NN is usually poor .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
english sources are JJ to none , french sources are pretty easy to find .	8	9	VBP	are	is
serbian culture starts with that of the south slavic peoples that lived in the NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
before i realised NNP had restored it , i put it back to its earlier state - text not visible , article history there which allows people to see it that way .	22	25	VBZ	allows	allow
by VBG the NN and NNS of thought , NNP hoped to show the JJ subtle ways in which this JJ complexity , which by definition can not ever be completely known , works its NN and VBG effects .	21	33	VBZ	works	work
NN designs are not as RB affected by ram air pressure as other designs , as they were never intended to stop the flow out of the NN , and can significantly increase in power at speed .	1	2	VBP	are	is
delete - per the nom , as the person is simply not notable .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
its primary purpose is to provide continuing specialized education to select officer and enlisted u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the soil is fertile and in favorable seasons large crops of wheat , NN , NNS and cotton are grown on the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
considered one of the most flowing and JJ languages of china , often called NN , especially by the NNP , the NNP dialect is RB JJ with dialects spoken in neighbouring shanghai , and the dialects spoken its satellite cities of NNP , NNP , NNP etc .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the topics range from the psychology of JJ belief to the NN of NN animal trials .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the only recommendation i can make is that you consider changing its title to something else .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
some well-known NNS there are antonio NNP NNP ( whose son was former minister of agriculture ) and the NNP family , who still own a large ranch for free range cattle raising ( of the white type ) .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the region is home to 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think such cases deserve the benefit of the doubt .	3	4	VBP	deserve	deserves
the new band includes NNP bass player chris clarke and occasionally sean read .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the fat in milk normally VBZ from the water and NNS at the top .	1	5	VBZ	separates	separate
the claims regarding the best bet diet seem to be based on the ongoing trial involving only 30 patients and this seems to be very small to be JJ to a broader population .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
an additional means of communication are the conductor 's bells .	2	5	VBP	are	is
each episode has a specially designed curriculum with activities , reviews and tests , all of which comply with the national NNP for financial education standards .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other benefits include increased employment from JJ jobs where producers include NNS on the cost of food , ( lake , NNP , and michael ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a scenario is also more easily understood by people , since it is in the form of a story , and is easier to follow .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
no , the topic is clearly notable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 12 NNS perform six NNS ; the semi-final scores are VBN and the top three NNS win the gold , silver and bronze medals accordingly .	16	17	VBP	win	wins
males lack the JJ NNS except for NNS around their heads .	0	1	VBP	lack	lacks
if the composer is unknown , the audience remains JJ , and the publishers , especially in france , close their ears anyway when someone offers them a halfway decent work .	13	19	VBP	close	closes
the difference between knowledge and education is NN , that is there is more to making knowledge useful than mere exposure .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
new user NN page seems to be redundant to other pages such as adopt a user , help desk etc .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
this article is about a group of NNS ' entry into their middle school 's science competition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
state highway is a generic term .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he claims that the work only covers the lost estates that were assigned to support the cathedral chapter , but as he describes the loss of several NNS that were listed in NNP book as belonging to the bishop , the work probably covers more than the author claims .	4	6	VBZ	covers	cover
however , because the california civil code applies the NN rule to all contracts , california follows the minority rule , under which the NN rule also applies to option contracts .	25	27	VBZ	applies	apply
the elder NNP VBZ george to visit him if and when he ever comes to town , and the ambitious young man takes advantage of the offer .	1	3	VBZ	invites	invite
NNP ' customers represent various industries including finance , insurance , mutual funds , retail , health sciences , NNS and technology .	2	3	VBP	represent	represents
the JJ appearance of a JJ cell cancer varies with the depth of the NN .	2	8	VBZ	varies	vary
when NNP calls are placed via NNP services , such as NNP , and the participants use a NN NN , the resulting call quality can be RB superior to conventional NNP calls .	15	16	VBP	use	uses
it is also a key departure point for VBG ; to the north , the JJ ridge of the NNP arm leads up NNP mountain to the summit , as well as to the meadows of boston basin and the NNS above .	16	21	VBZ	leads	lead
the amount of the VBG agent depends on the actual requirements of the customer .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend
their management tasks include VBG the operation of the system , maintaining JJ data and a water NN , VBZ national water policy , and keeping track of water rights information .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
and simply being portrayed in NNS does n't VB notability , either - the movies are about flight 93 , not mr .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the campus also has an entire administration and accounting institute , which has its own service facilities and parking lots .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
enterprises and government organizations that are turning their it organizations into internal service VBN by building shared JJ NNS for flexible NN NN are another .	0	23	VBP	are	is
the park features a JJ beach along NNP bay .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
further , that the museum permits photography ( although it does not say so on its website ) .	4	5	VBZ	permits	permit
unlike most latter day saint NNS with a first presidency , the NNS in the first presidency of community of christ are no longer designated `` first '' and `` second '' NNS .	12	21	VBP	are	is
the NN pen tool allows the user to draw paths RB , and with the magnetic pen tool , the drawn path NNS closely to NNS of objects in an image , which is useful for VBG them from a background .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
and his NN is a significant one .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school offers the british curriculum from NN to secondary ( JJ 11 ) .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
although its principal function is as a financial quarter , there are a number of restaurants and hotels .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in any case , this board is not for discussing content disputes , but for reporting revert violations .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN from his memoirs is that she played a key role , along with his continuing bitter memories of the NNP , in the process that converted the NN , VBG NN of the early books into the committed communist of the 1930s .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the other NNP members arrive and stop snake from shooting the simpsons or VBG JJ , but he runs off with the money all the same .	3	4	VBP	arrive	arrives
NNP , on the other hand , believes it to be fate that her heart beats faster whenever NNP is near .	14	15	VBZ	beats	beat
when VBG the room the door opens not necessarily to the original place of entry , but to any room the holder of the key has in mind , or to a random room if the user does not focus .	5	6	VBZ	opens	open
the river then turns southeast and flows along the base of NNP mountain , where it provides NN NNS for small lakes including NNP lake for irrigation and flood control .	1	3	VBZ	turns	turn
other band members include NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
these lack criteria and items are not JJ defined .	2	5	VBP	are	is
their current slogan is `` real fresh .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some VBN messages are JJ but not all .	2	3	VBP	are	is
if you have a group of people , both men and women , then by default they are all NN ( even if there is one man and 1000 women ) .	9	17	VBP	are	is
these two templates have four images between them , only one of which is actually a `` photo '' .	2	3	VBP	have	has
this work is the first use of a JJ organization system for topics of a book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP principle has no bearing on the relative orientation of groups on the two starting materials .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
granted , file size is still bigger than recommended , but the warning for file size is only mentioned in the NNS as an NN for the length of the body of the article .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her father is a NN at NNP medical center .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the computing system works to combine the responses of all of the NNS , which represents the input for the data treatment .	2	3	VBZ	works	work
the appropriate tag here appears to be .	2	4	VBZ	appears	appear
the architecture section is even worse .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think it should be clear that a quote about a fictional character based on a real person has no place in the real person 's article ( especially if that person is living .	8	18	VBZ	has	have
NNP is entirely correct that they have no way to know our policies - but the thing is that that does n't matter .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNP shield consists of a thin layer of NN and a thin layer of copper sheet .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
in particular , when exhibited items are JJ artifacts or JJ objects , preservation NNS need be emphasized because damage and change in such materials is JJ and JJ .	14	15	VBP	need	needs
several housing choices exist for NNS , NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
a geographical comparison between kyle 's JJ results and the NNP y users group database shows a somewhat close match in southern kansas and northern oklahoma , but the us coverage in this database is JJ and only includes JJ NNS .	14	15	VBZ	shows	show
this list of NNS in NNP de NNP is a list of medieval NNS or NN forts in the region in northern france .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
so for example the works of NNP and NNP are available in finnish , and the translations are good as well .	4	9	VBP	are	is
NNP VBZ his friend out of NNP lake and takes him to the current NNP tower for medical treatment .	3	9	VBZ	takes	take
NNS , trading , guild battles , and daily events are all available in blade wars .	5	10	VBP	are	is
according to the NN machine , this website article goes back to at least july 2001 -- VBG the wp one by 5 years -- and was written by a retired la radio engineer .	8	9	VBZ	goes	go
however , parents retain access to student records of children who are their NNS for tax purposes .	2	3	VBP	retain	retains
fourth wall is just as useful .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the standard NN , it is harder to name the ink color of the word `` red , '' for example , when it is printed in blue ink than when the ink is red .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles that have been marked by the indonesia wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
because parties stand for election across the entire length and NN of the country , the JJ macedonian rainbow party VBD better in such distant regions as NNP and the NNPS than it did in many macedonian NNS .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands
the government officials watch the ed sullivan show before recruiting the navy pilots .	2	3	VBP	watch	watches
this NN is not difficult to RB implement , though politically it is problematic due to conservative resistance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the fact is that conspiracy theories are VBN by a large proportion of the world , particularly in islamic lands .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS provide maximum NN on loose dirt surfaces , but on paved surfaces , such NNS have much less NN than street NNS .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
NNS that tied those americans to those locations are n't charges .	0	8	VBP	are	is
concerning transportation , options range from keeping your car NNS sufficiently VBN to living close to where you work ( or vice RB ) .	3	4	VBP	range	ranges
many visitors also choose to camp in the camping area in NNP - an advance NN is not necessary for this .	1	3	VBP	choose	chooses
any application that runs inside this environment runs off the NNP device without affecting the NN of the host .	1	7	VBZ	runs	run
if the character has multiple versions , the most well-known and modern version will be the one chosen .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this level of detail of what went on on a single show in the series is JJ .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
simple JJ keyboards with no additional features are available in the lower price range , their average cost only slightly VBG conventional JJ keyboards of comparable production quality .	2	7	VBP	are	is
NNP 's diary entries show the surprising ethnic diversity of NNP , where many of the NNPS were free blacks .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
the library itself is home to an estimated 14 , 000 volumes in a wide variety of genres .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
while the justice league defend the earth against NNP , the team manages to VB NNP in order to VB NNP and shut down NNP .	11	12	VBZ	manages	manage
his team is also responsible for the operation and maintenance of the heart rate NNS and the computers which contain the data of the exercise equipment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the maximum capacity is CD at full load with 48 people sitting and CD standing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name of NNP derives from the old english word NNP , meaning a ford by the NN trees .	1	4	VBZ	derives	derive
in the russian tradition the good NN 's name is `` NNP '' ( ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the architecture of NN is very JJ , so a NN in the NN anywhere gives repeated architecture .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
there are some similarities to the historical story of the three NNP brothers , but blue NNP is set in a very different era and the author has , on occasion , warned against making too much of such NN .	26	27	VBZ	has	have
the wrong image is still there , without any upload history .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the factory only returns an abstract NN to the created concrete object .	3	5	VBZ	returns	return
poor JJ organization also plays a role in this .	2	4	VBZ	plays	play
human rights activists and the superior NN have argued that the regulation VBZ basic human rights .	11	12	VBZ	violates	violate
this page is a full lp NN of NNP arnold , complete with track listings , and this one lists all his singles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN novels show a continued career path , but these are not considered canon in the star trek universe .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
many users keep database reports or personal NNS in their NNS , so a bot VBG this area of wikipedia may cause trouble .	1	2	VBP	keep	keeps
the building is currently under NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while NN techniques are not a defining feature of NN , individuals sometimes utilize NNS in the production of NN .	11	13	VBP	utilize	utilizes
originally opened in 1893 , the station operates as a hub for NNP services to dublin and NNP and commuter services to NNP , NNP and NNP .	6	7	VBZ	operates	operate
the del can only admit one 2nd NNP team per season to the league , unless the league strength falls below fourteen , in which case two clubs can be admitted .	18	19	VBZ	falls	fall
among his favorite NNS is the idea that outside of the us most NNS thinks race is a valid biological concept , and that the fact that JJ NNS RB stick to it means it has any scientific validity .	28	30	VBP	stick	sticks
this scheme greatly increases the number of stations reached by NNP NNP line and NNP NNP o line on the hong kong island , but JJ communication along the existing island line will be interrupted and require an interchange .	1	3	VBZ	increases	increase
NNP is clearly a sockpuppet , but whose hand is controlling that sockpuppet is not clear .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the helpful tourist looks up from annie 's script , notices the duchess in NN at losing her pearl , and says RB `` the pearl is in the liver '' .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
in an attempt to provide an avenue for otherwise illegal street races , the airfield is now also used for drag racing .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the NN paragraph needs to present the notability of the subject , while VBG the article overall .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
VBN in , JJ NNS provide even NNS under the NN .	4	5	VBP	provide	provides
the second science paper , on the interaction of NNP and life stress has generated enormous controversy , but opinion in the field remains divided .	19	23	VBZ	remains	remain
additional broadway credits include the 1979 revival of UH !	2	3	VBP	include	includes
please also note that this page is not a place to make such requests , although if an admin had trouble finding the relevant pages , this may have been a place for the admin to ask for help .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
support beautiful photo , makes me JJ for when i lived there .	2	4	VBZ	makes	make
the NN brake is a simplified version of our traditional engine NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's JJ search for the NNS and for the NNS they hold takes him over the remote isles and sea NN and forces him to make allies of some unlikely locals .	3	13	VBZ	takes	take
the main reason this game is notable is because of the referee dispute .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
list of JJ NNP NN this is a list of the rulers of NNP , now a region of north-eastern spain .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the creature '' ( season 1 , episode 28 ) the engine room reports that `` drive NNS to the NNS are VBN .	12	13	VBZ	reports	report
route CD is a collector road in the canadian province of nova scotia .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
cases include accounting NNS , NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
because course is so short , riders are sent through it twice .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the organization 's stated mission is to preserve and promote the NN breeds of cats and to enhance the NN of all cats .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the official school colors are blue and gold .	3	4	VBP	are	is
it has been argued that these JJ values are invalid for individual foods and for NNS whose composition in terms of NNS is different from those eaten in the usa in the early 20th century .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the exercise that you have to do VB riding is [ [ NN ] ] .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the river flows over several soil types including NNP , sand and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
after he explains the story NNP VBZ his feelings and one day she brings NNP .	4	6	VBZ	understands	understand
the NN shark ( NNP NN ) is a species of NN shark , family NNP , named for the spinning VBZ it makes as a part of its feeding strategy .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
as these students complete their JJ surgical rotation , the NNS and problems faced by a woman in a so-called `` man 's '' profession are also highlighted .	2	3	VBP	complete	completes
the thing is , his sources are certain images from which he makes his own conclusion that is this rebel flag is adopted by the syrian national council , and it is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they added that `` a market orientation appears to provide a NN focus for the efforts and projects of individuals and departments within the organization .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear
calendar and NN support private software extensions , with a `` JJ '' NN , a number of which are in common usage .	6	19	VBP	are	is
some models of this generation have the rare feature of a split front bench seat with a column NN .	1	5	VBP	have	has
lists like this are essential parts of strategy guides .	0	3	VBP	are	is
popular sites include the spanish colonial buildings in NNP , the world heritage site of san NNP church , NNP park , and a few art NNP and revival style buildings like manila metropolitan theater and the national museum of the philippines .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
its population in 2004 is 60 , CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ JJ cars are characterized by two parallel rows of JJ NN NNS , meaning that the NN NNS parallel the NNS instead of being JJ to the NNS .	18	19	VBP	parallel	parallels
i believe night is very long there , allowing a mission to complete in that time ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i am certainly no tool expert ; i 'm just saying that if this mystery tool is a NN NN , then it 's much different than any one i 've ever seen .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
typically leaves are flat and thin , thereby VBG the surface area directly exposed to light and promoting JJ function .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most of us do not VB to the rule that all NNS are equally notable , because they are not equally JJ .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the road is about in length .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
riots took place on october 31 , CD , and again on november 5 , targeting the homes and offices of stamp NNS ; the number of participants suggests that the percentage of st .	25	28	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNP NNS are a JJ representation of a contribution to the total NN for a process that can happen in several different ways .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other local historians suggest NNP decided to make this the main plaza as it VBD a great background view of a JJ volcano in the background .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
once you get that fact VBD away you will understand that your line of argument is JJ , JJ and totally JJ .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
after his flight and subsequent return to paris , he was made chief of the bureau des NNS by the french directory .	12	16	VBZ	des	de
each contestant has his or her own eating method .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this dispute needs some resolution before it VBZ RB .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
reconstruction showed that the bones belong to a woman , presumably the princess ; but there is also a male , possibly an NN or child .	4	5	VBP	belong	belongs
the standards document is part of the NNP project and is available from the NNP website [ 1 ] .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the difference between a judge and a NN is only of name .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the government schools face many other problems like NN of good faculty and NNS on the part of teachers , lack of good facilities ( e .	2	3	VBP	face	faces
NNP ) measure on a JJ NN under the moment map is a NN JJ measure .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the lack of a free licensed image at the moment is not sufficient reason to retain a non-free image of a subject that we can reasonably expect someone to be JJ to take a photo of in the not to distant future .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
VBG the signal , VBG NNS that the signal is a computer program .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the family NNP is the main radiation of JJ true NNS , VBN by united NNS with medium NN , and a long outer functional primary .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the team competes as a joint JJ side with other clubs from the NNP area in the county championships .	1	2	VBZ	competes	compete
this book , like dozens of others , supports the mind control NN .	1	8	VBZ	supports	support
the fate of the six NNP engines remains unknown .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain
this law gives land VBZ the JJ right to kill NNS and NNS on the land which they occupy .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
laura 's grandfather henry , many years after his encounter with NNP , is still VBN that people fail to believe his story and NNS to one day have the proof it takes to convince everyone .	17	18	VBP	fail	fails
the NN has three strikes available on his turn at bat .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this list is too big and too broad , the draft history of a team that has participated in 70 some NNS with like 13 players per draft is too large .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's JJ fan has fertile soil and abundant NN in a part of the world where agricultural land is in great demand .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
also remember that when you lift a weight , it VBZ , so the total force includes not only the JJ force but also JJ force .	15	16	VBZ	includes	include
JJ NNS like food stamps and VBD school NNS are examples of public benefits to which , given the attorney general 's finding , the new law would not apply .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the greater NNP area makes up the largest urban settlement on the pacific coast between san francisco and portland .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
the drums are discussed in order from largest to smallest ; the sizes of the NNS given vary considerably by manufacturer , model , and style .	12	17	VBP	vary	varies
they are NNS in one of the NNS at issue in NNP and NNP ; their guardian is a NN under another will , and in some JJ way the two NNS conflict .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
if , as a result of review , the wikipedia community decides your article is not unique , or should not be a stand alone piece , just let me know and i 'll grade your initial article .	10	11	VBZ	decides	decide
wellington 's basin reserve sports ground sits on land lifted by this earthquake ; the area had previously been part of a NN that led into the harbour .	5	6	VBZ	sits	sit
as the NNP name implies , the majority of the network is above ground , and it mostly consists of railway lines that connect areas outside central london , with a considerable portion of the network in zone 2 .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
an example of a JJ that has proteins attached to it is NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
records country charts that same year .	1	2	VBZ	charts	chart
all the pictures i upload to commons are in categories and they are available for use on wiki articles as needed to help explain certain aspects of the articles that can not easily be understood with out pictures .	2	7	VBP	are	is
legend has it that he killed or RB wounded 3 of 11 raiders .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the problem is that biographies of living persons are required to be fully referenced , and this is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i know it is designed for vandalism , but its placement at the end of an entry in the watchlist makes it very JJ to moving around as the page loads .	10	20	VBZ	makes	make
the major difference is that NNS are called to serve the people of god in some active NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the festival spirit during NNP extends throughout the city .	2	5	VBZ	extends	extend
NNS can have a specific piece of geography ; kenya 's NN is mount kenya and the NN of NNP , NNP , colombia is a globe .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the town is close to NNP , NNP , moss vale and the northern villages such as NNP and NNP vale .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most important economic activities are cattle raising , commerce , and NN farming .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the book is one of jean little 's most popular works .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
life is too short to be all NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the area around NNP and the neighbouring NNP mountain is famous for winter sport facilities , providing many ski NNS and NN ski tracks .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS NNP ports support full NNP 2 .	2	3	VBP	support	supports
the island measures about at its longest and at its JJS NN .	1	2	VBZ	measures	measure
the NNP class is probably the most numerous class of missile boats ever built , with over 400 vessels constructed in JJ for both the soviet navy and for export to allied countries .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the program 's maintenance concept is for any JJ to be maintained in any JJ maintenance facility and that all JJ parts in all bases will be RB VBN and shared as needed .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the film opens when NNP or `` NNP '' ( NNP NNP ) and NNP roy or `` NNP '' ( NNP NNP ) are born .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
a newspaper article reported that a study by the puerto rico health department cited high levels of heavy metals in plants , animals and humans ; however , no study reports are available .	30	31	VBP	are	is
cadets are civilians , they are not members of the canadian forces .	0	1	VBP	are	is
some of these areas dont have enough information to support a portal but some do , lets say sydney or NNP shire would have a lot to add .	16	17	VBP	say	says
the organization is JJ in its stance on the first and second NNP wars , saying it is neither JJ nor NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the magazine VBZ many fringe science and JJ claims .	1	2	VBZ	examines	examine
the end , NNP bishop saves her from NNP , and NNP aids the NN in the final battle with NNP nova .	1	5	VBZ	saves	save
the NNP war is an example .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the field of dental JJ materials , reduction of composite NN is a `` hot topic '' .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's mental state becomes even more JJ as his JJ birthday approaches .	3	4	VBZ	becomes	become
he tries to make his own way in the world - in medicine , law and VBG - but the NNP case becomes his NN and eventually his NN .	21	22	VBZ	becomes	become
language is less important than the type that VBZ it on the page .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
contemporary accounts also suggest widespread NN among former criminals .	1	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
the song is a JJ song , in which each verse contains all of the previous verses as well .	10	11	VBZ	contains	contain
deciding how much NNS to be paid is not the concern here , in fact the firm has to decide how much profits to be retained and the rest can then be distributed as NNS .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
normal '' difficulty adds extra rings and NNS other aspects of the levels ' design to make them less challenging , while the `` easy '' setting further reduces the challenge of VBG through the games by entirely VBG certain stages .	2	3	VBZ	adds	add
this page does nothing to support the latter , and everything to support the former .	1	2	VBZ	does	do
his master 's voice trademark ; in those countries , that trademark is part of the rca trademark portfolio owned by NNP sa and licensed to others .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
each article also includes a short `` NN '' to be learned from the outcome of the case .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the radical intermediate allows NNS to perform a wide variety of unusual chemical reactions .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP 's son returns in this episode , as do the us captain john NNP ( from `` invasion '' ) and the recurring character NNP pierce , played by NNP NNP ( from the episodes `` war games '' and `` the french drop '' ) .	2	3	VBZ	returns	return
if the infrastructure fails , then the objective fails .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
uncertain but possible keep - google news found this the jewish press article and google news archives found several mentions and multiple mentioning NNP NNP , suggesting that these articles are relevant .	29	30	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS play a fundamental role in this theory since they form the domains of existence for JJ functions , domains of NN of power series , and domains of NN of functional series .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
the film features NNP NNP as NNP and NNP , and the music was written and performed by the tokyo NNP paradise orchestra .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
furthermore the NN has established a `` cloud first '' approach to it , VBG that central government NNS it services through the cloud unless it can be proven that an alternative is more cost effective .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
NNP is also an indonesian word meaning ; a female IN it has two distinct origins , the name NNP also has two distinct meanings that can be VBN to it .	9	12	VBZ	has	have
major rivers and streams include the NNP river ( NNP ) , NNP river ( NNP ) , NNP ( NNP ) , and the NNP ( NNP ) .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
RB though , syndicated shows made by us production companies look great on my NNP tv while things like live news , or jay NNP look pretty poor .	4	10	VBP	look	looks
maximum NNP NNS are CD JJ and CD VBN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the mountainous west coast has significantly JJR winters and more NN than the large areas east of the mountain chain .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
during construction , it was decided to build this unique configuration , because the glacier is JJ as the location of high tower construction .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
and all these allegations of incivility are just JJ .	3	6	VBP	are	is
his most popular and requested work is his 1850 painting `` on the wing '' , which VBZ a NN with dead game at his feet , about to shoot down his next target .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a political union is a type of state which is composed of or created out of smaller states .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
s ' model wheel covers , and VBD map lights on the rear view mirror .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
therefore , in areas where NN is a problem , people 's chances of survival actually increase if they carry JJ NN ( selection for the NN ) .	12	16	VBP	increase	increases
standard engine is the JJ NNP CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each crew member has a pair of NN JJ data displays at their control station , typically used to display internal systems information and NN data , and to interact with the aircraft 's higher systems .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
unofficial results indicate a NN victory for the incumbent president .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
frankfurt ( NNP ) railway is a JJ line in the districts of NNP and NNP and the town of frankfurt ( NNP ) , in the german state of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
games are in the lowest level , but vehicles mentioned in games are almost always considered canon .	8	12	VBP	are	is
the council is responsible for public services such as education , transport , strategic planning , emergency services , social services , public safety and waste disposal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ section is thus a ( strictly ) compatible system of JJ images over objects of e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the rest of the article needs to be closely examined for compliance .	1	5	VBZ	needs	need
thus , in the dispute over NNS , the questions regarding NNP NNP give rise to further issues such as the authority , scope and verification of modern NNS , covered in the next sections .	9	13	VBP	give	gives
no , the body creates it own NNP .	3	4	VBZ	creates	create
threats to this rare species include the invasion of JJ NNS , such as purple NN ( NNP NN ) .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
pov at the moment this is an important topic - the danish cartoon controversy , for example , shows the different attitudes and NNS between east and west on matters of islam .	13	18	VBZ	shows	show
the book ends with the reasons for the writing of the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the highest point of the village is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the term is not JJ with ibm pc NN as this implies a NN of other computer hardware ; embedded systems as well as JJ computers used JJ chips before the JJ market started , some of them before the ibm pc itself .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other stations , located on the NNS of NNP , are NNP , NNP street , warren street , NNP court road , NNP , NNP lane and king 's cross st .	2	11	VBP	are	is
pet dogs are RB too well fed to VB humans as food , and even NNS are likely to find food through NN or NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fact that stamp collecting has long been the most popular NN in the world , with over 16 million NN in the united states alone , is a good indication of how much NN and appeal these JJ pieces of JJ paper NN .	1	27	VBZ	is	are
refusing to apologize because you feel you 're right is not going to stop any bad feelings people have on the NN .	17	18	VBP	have	has
scholars generally consider NNP 's reference to the execution of jesus by NNP NNP to be both authentic , and of historical value as an independent roman source .	0	2	VBP	consider	considers
these areas produce different wines such as NNP de NNP , NNP and VBG wine from NNP , la NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
the facade of the organ remains , but the organ has been expanded and improved to become the JJ voice of NNP cathedral .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain
as the doctor RB looks for her , NNP is shown covering the girl 's mouth and the train leaves .	2	4	VBZ	looks	look
chris NNP for the british NN daily mail started his review by noting that the film contains `` a few images of VBG beauty , '' but soon went on to call it `` RB JJ '' and `` RB graphic .	15	16	VBZ	contains	contain
the building is an irregular shape , designed to fit its lot .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ brick building has a VBN slate roof with large NNS , a range of five NN windows and an original NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
a good example of this is stan NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
indeed , this gives the inner reason in NNP thought why this world RB VBZ itself to exist , independent of NNP , due to the NN of the VBG divine NN in this world .	12	14	VBZ	perceives	perceive
besides alcohol the only sources of food energy are NNS , NNS and proteins , which make up JJ percent of the dry weight of food .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the main actors are sebastian NNP , NNP NNP NNP , peter NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
over 1 , 300 companies from 60 different countries enjoy the balanced and RB respected standards of regulation and corporate governance that the london stock exchange offers .	4	9	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
the score contains all the dialogue .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the engine block is of dry block construction .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the topic is not notable , being just a vague phrase , similar to the way things were .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only weak part , as far as i can tell , is my speculation that something will change , and exactly what it is that will change .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
a highly probable word carries a small amount of NN and would therefore be processed easily , as measured by reduced reaction time , a smaller NNP response , or reduced NN times in an NN reading study .	3	4	VBZ	carries	carry
the site of victory stadium now has several athletic fields , which has added fields to those at the nearby river 's edge sports complex .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
the court 's decisions are final and binding on the federal courts and the courts from all provinces and territories .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the know more program operates in more than 15 NNP county high schools and more than 10 middle schools .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate
their music constantly changes because they believe that music should grow and change ; the only exception to this is with their most sacred songs which they do not change .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the word is JJ to VB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN belongs to the NNP of NNP , whose seat is in NNP , although that town is itself not in the NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the ultimate geographic reach of JJ culture appears to have been NNP island and western japan .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear
protected areas in greater poland voivodeship include two national parks and 12 landscape parks .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the purpose of the NN gun is to apply NN through an NN to a specific point , usually on a NN NN or POS ' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
her daytime roles include texas ( NNP NNP NNP ) and VBG light as NNP matthews , from CD .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
both countries are full members of the JJ economic cooperation and of the commonwealth of nations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
moreover , the course is not VBN until the race begins , so each team must have good navigation skills .	9	10	VBZ	begins	begin
the song is a JJ story about elvis NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS oppose the existence of the state , based on the belief that the state is inherently an instrument of NN and NN , no matter who is in control of it , and that it is unnecessary for organizing human relations .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NN 's influences range from hardcore punk bands , such as black flag , the VBN , and born against ; and NNP ; and bands like NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
i have the `` new JJ article '' tag at the top of my article and was wondering if an administrator has to review the article in order to remove that tag , or if any editor can review the article .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
an alternative meaning of NN NN is any NN formed of living plants or of living plants combined with a fence .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the goals of the campaign are to increase awareness of the need for energy efficiency .	1	5	VBP	are	is
caroline lucas , then leader , said the party wants marriage equality for same-sex couples and that married gay couples who travel throughout europe should be able to have their relationship recognised on the same basis as married JJ couples .	8	9	VBZ	wants	want
the list itself is informative in showing the distribution of countries which supply players .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the municipality of NNP consists of the two villages NNP and NNP .	1	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the festival continues to be committed to supporting film and in 2008 initiated a significant international screen writing award , write here , write now .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
NNP 's main goal seems to have been the promotion of the teachings of the early NNP masters .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the details need to be worked out , but the idea of providing a code of conduct for paid editing is the right direction in general .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
each platoon also has its own combat NNS and each battalion has a NN station .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
in contemporary biblical scholarship there is a general consensus that the words have an JJ relationship , but the exact nature of it is disputed .	11	12	VBP	have	has
cut to a different angle , where the first man is alone and pointing the gun where the second man was a second before .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
he believes the call is a joke , but jessica VBZ him to go to the police .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
no problem with NN if he actually crosses the white line , either at portsmouth or another professional outfit .	1	7	VBZ	crosses	cross
the live tracks are from various shows over a two-year period , mostly from the bottom line in new york city , the same show where NNP was invited to open for guitar legend and triumph founder NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
innovation or NNP is a branch of the newfoundland and NNP department of education responsible for providing efficient education opportunities to students living in remote areas .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
user talk pages exist to facilitate communication .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
i initially prod 'd this but figure a more JJ investigation is in order to VB if this individual is notable .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
i think download time is not an issue .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP was there too , and they realised that the idol was changed into a fake one and the real idol is somewhere else .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
i guess the topic is dangerous .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the plot structure begins with a suggestion that it might be a tale of JJ journalism , but it ends with a humorous twist .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the phase response curve for NN is roughly twelve hours out of phase with the phase response curve for light .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the college operates a thirty period week .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
approximately 60 , 000 people visit the temple each year .	4	5	VBP	visit	visits
the largest areas of forest are in the NNP hills and the NNPS .	2	5	VBP	are	is
august 2007 ( utc ) this color is better , but i would still prefer a less JJ version .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the population of NNP is CD as of 2011 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the tubes the NNS live in are either attached to rocks , or , more commonly , buried in sandy NNS in shallow waters .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
the site also VBZ questions and requests for support .	1	3	VBZ	welcomes	welcome
in most NNS of the world , the annual average is too small to compete with rain .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
occasionally `` his lines are so JJ , the verse looks like a poetic NN ; a NN NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
street children are also one of the most vulnerable groups .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the largest wind tunnel in the southern hemisphere is another facility based on campus .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the fact is that there is no set guideline on what constitutes a genocide for the people that have suffered the events that lead them to call it a genocide .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the NN of the first crystal to form is not vertical , the NN plane VBZ the surface along a line NN to the NN and ice NNS tend to VB across the surface along this line .	15	16	VBZ	intersects	intersect
NNP NNP , and i find mostly that he simply has his own view of how the world works , and finds people who disagree to be simply wrong .	17	18	VBZ	works	work
the JJ NNS prevent the transmission of waves at JJ frequencies .	2	3	VBP	prevent	prevents
each leaf of an JJ book thus represents one eighth the size of the original sheet .	1	7	VBZ	represents	represent
the head of the armed forces is the supreme commander ( NNP , NNP ) , the most senior officer in the country .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
some have survived but thousands are dead .	4	5	VBP	are	is
its name is also the polish word for `` scotland '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the horse falls from a flight of NNS and is then VBN by a NN .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
in addition , the NNP provides NN NN and simulation , launch support , and early orbit support while satellites are in initial or transfer NNS and require VBG to their final orbit .	19	20	VBP	are	is
as mentioned in the previous nomination , the NNP ranking is roughly CD , 000 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the basin of the font is 12th century .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the church contains ten NNS of NN dressed and VBN NNS , the largest such display in europe .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the contest offers a small cash prize which has varied over time .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the first book , wizard 's first rule , takes place in the new world , some twenty or so years after two magical boundaries were raised to separate NNP , the midlands , and NNP .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take
engine rooms are hot , JJ , sometimes dirty , and potentially dangerous .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the arrangement also allows an JJ internal space for the display of art works , drawing on ideas VBN by NNP price 's fun palace project ( 1964 ) .	1	3	VBZ	allows	allow
it appears that the allegations are not sufficiently established .	4	5	VBP	are	is
he is forced to continue to live alone or to remain in a NN love relationship , he may not be VBG his work and he accepts that people treat him badly .	28	29	VBP	treat	treats
a reason that NN NNS work in increasing NN is that they lower total NN levels in body as JJ NNS regain NN to the NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP road connects with the temple town of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	connects	connect
the museum currently has four locomotives on display .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the most JJ chain is RB brown thomas ( known RB as NNP ) , founded as a NN 's in 1849 on dublin 's NNP street .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the party remains the strongest political party among the NNP population in bosnia and herzegovina , and it has branches in croatia and serbia ( NNP region ) .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
for example , races in NNP have a NN division , while southern california has a bradley NNP division and northern california NNP sprint races have a traditional ( no NN ) division .	3	6	VBP	have	has
a third explanation is that it comes from NNP , the name of a saxon chief .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cars 80 and 82 , a 2003 NNP NNP and 2000 ford crown victoria , respectively , are command units used by the station battalion chiefs .	0	17	VBP	are	is
NNP , and the story ends there .	4	5	VBZ	ends	end
all the original station buildings are long demolished , and only the two platforms remain .	13	14	VBP	remain	remains
the ability to work with others and for others is an important NN in the learning process .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
as the bull comes out of the NN , one person NNS to the NN of the bull .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
each square thus becomes a NN , which allows for an accurate NN of even the most complex design .	1	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the aids article says that health care workers anywhere must be very careful not to get blood on them , and to VB blood from their skin immediately .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the building 's name is a NN to its neighborhood , logan square , so named for the nearby logan circle , one of william penn 's original five squares of philadelphia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a good place to look for article ideas , and also articles to be translated , is the JJ wikipedia , especially the category martin luther and the category NNP .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
a NN presentation in terms of a point set and a class of NNS comes directly from the graph .	2	14	VBZ	comes	come
more specifically unlike JJ NN , JJ NN patients are more successful at drawing , NN , and matching NNS ; however , these patients demonstrate that they can VB but not recognize .	24	25	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
the guidelines also include rules for the NN of samples and suggests minimal requirements for data analysis .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNP temple is the most famous temple of lord shiva in NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
united macedonia VBZ tend to VB it in the way it appears in their maps - other people disagree .	17	18	VBP	disagree	disagrees
the southern border is the confluence of the valleys of NNP and NNP rivers , in the `` NNP NNP '' depression .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this high NNS content also VBZ NN .	3	5	VBZ	improves	improve
different topics are notable for different reasons , their NN for reasons that are not applicable is irrelevant .	1	2	VBP	are	is
any editor , including NNP , is welcome to edit the article further , if they can provide proper sources .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in numerical analysis , NNP ' method is a JJ algorithm based on the false position method and the use of an JJ function to RB VB a root of a function f .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
RB VBN , this park contains the oldest tree in the city , a cedar from lebanon planted in 1847 .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
his works include a set of 11 NNS ( NNP VBP di NN op .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the river then flows past the town of NNP and towards the NNP coast .	1	3	VBZ	flows	flow
the nave NNS have four paintings of the life of mary , executed by hans NNP the elder in CD .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the river then runs north-west then west crossing the great northern highway again , north of the NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
if 60 passengers travel the entire distance , the NNS travelled is 60 , 000 and the NNP is 0 .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels
in the nfl or ncaa , a team can run slightly more than 120 seconds ( 2 minutes ) off the clock without gaining a first down ( assuming that the defensive team is out of NNS ) .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
i 'm new to wikipedia ( as far as contribution goes ) and am trying to make this page as JJ as possible with the wiki policy .	9	10	VBZ	goes	go
more NNS are landing across southern england , and a JJ flight of the population of london begins .	11	17	VBZ	begins	begin
the silver band , with NNS and two fish , is the JJ image of it VBZ NNP NNP , that VBZ the city , with its JJ abundance of .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
i do not want to be personally attacked by someone when an edit i make is in disagreement with another person 's personal view of how the article should be - instead , i 'd like to be able to discuss edit issues RB with all interested parties .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
settlers arrive from NNP and salisbury , massachusetts .	0	1	VBP	arrive	arrives
the NN is a good leaving group ; the NN mechanism VBZ less JJ ion elimination with the VBN sample , whereas the NN mechanism VBZ more .	24	25	VBZ	predicts	predict
the purpose of the buildings along the west end of the north range is uncertain .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
as NN , NN and VB all NN to VB their JJ equilibrium , the women come face to face with what brought them there and why .	15	16	VBP	come	comes
for consensus to form , some people have to be able to convince at least a few others that one choice is better .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the JJ value for this ratio is 0 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in anatomy , the NN vessels are the NNS and NNS which supply or VBP the NN , the final section of the small NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
most of these concerns have been addressed in the modern conventions for the use of NN in research ; however , some issues remain subject to debate .	22	23	VBP	remain	remains
the NN is a cluster of several flowers which may be nearly any color , often NNS of yellow , pink , or white .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other six upper squares VBP the four seasons , as well as NNP and NNP ( or NNP ) .	4	5	VBP	depict	depicts
this category is for people of the philadelphia and reading railway , known as the reading company .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
japanese voice actor is NNP honda .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story comes from a lengthy novel that blair VBD in 1999 , revised in 2001 , and later decided would be better realized in graphic novel form .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the year of the human body also includes public programs , and industry ventures intended to VB interest and participation in medical careers .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include
during winter , NNS select low light habitat , likely deep pools with some rock structure .	3	4	VBP	select	selects
because of high cost and complexity this mode is usually out of reach for the average amateur radio operator .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
palm beach ferry has the same status as a small bus or taxi company that provides public services .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the satellites reportedly have a mass of , operating in JJ NNS , using NNP upper stages to get from the shuttle 's orbit to the higher JJ orbit .	1	3	VBP	have	has
that is irrelevant to what the facts are here .	6	7	VBP	are	is
os use on my own edits for testing purposes , and a NN that my self imposed restrictions and exceptions on os use includes the use of NN .	1	23	VBZ	includes	include
likewise , when the price rises close to the ceiling , the operator VBZ the price by selling off its holding .	4	5	VBZ	rises	rise
their dance is so VBG that the american family decides to buy the male doll while the russian family VBZ the female dancing doll .	8	9	VBZ	decides	decide
a JJ phone operates across different standards whereas a JJ phone ( also known more specifically as dual , JJ or JJ band ) mobile phone is a phone which is designed to work on more than one radio frequency .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
both theories include JJ JJ NNS and both are extensions of NNP plate theory incorporating JJ JJ effects .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
an example is the NNS VBP in the arms of NNP , NNP et NNP , france .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
collectors are people who VBP the NN of collecting .	0	1	VBP	are	is
professor williams says that the film `` takes credit for first defining the concept '' .	5	7	VBZ	takes	take
fishing industry is relies on NNP , NNS , NN , NN , NN and NN in the area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
little recent information about their habitat and their ecology in nature is available since little field research has been done in the last decades .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
nearby places are NNP , east NNP , NNP NNP and stoke NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
but if you want to use a geographical designation which , to me , is somewhat wrong , you could put it in a quote -- since the reason for using it is that the authors use it -- then clarify the facts in the voice of wikipedia .	35	36	VBP	use	uses
her influences include the beatles , NNP mann , elvis NNP , ben NNP and NNP williams .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the following buildings are in downtown NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
two smaller lakes , two fish NN NNS , and two NNS are also within the park boundaries .	2	12	VBP	are	is
just for further information , the nasa NNP article is here .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the club kills most of the remaining NNP using NNP .	1	2	VBZ	kills	kill
at this point , the road passes under the JJ lanes of NNP , running within the wide NN of the interstate for a distance before passing under the NN lanes .	5	6	VBZ	passes	pass
the editor is john NNP , who also provides the editorial content for truck and plant NNP , as well as being a highly respected and JJ uk rally correspondent .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and i can not remember ever having had a discussion where someone has VBN , so your comment is quite below the belt .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
both houses meet in joint session on the sixth day of january following a presidential election to count the electoral votes , and there are procedures to follow if no candidate wins a majority .	30	31	VBZ	wins	win
the county seat is NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP route starts at the jamaica station and continues towards NNP international airport on its elevated route over the van NNP expressway .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start
weather conditions during summer months are warm , with high temperatures during july NN , and daily low temperatures VBG .	1	5	VBP	are	is
a solution of it is thus a NN and a NN that promotes tissue contact by NN and NN of the cellular debris and NN of the containing solution .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ automated rice VBG machines , called NN ( NNP ) , for VBG brown rice , are a common sight in rural japan .	4	17	VBP	are	is
as NNP points out , one distinction between human cells and many bacteria is that human cells have no cell wall ; NN and the NNS work on this principle .	16	17	VBP	have	has
the answer to NNP 's question is yes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
first article [ [ james NNP NNP ] ] , i am sure needs work on the category section .	13	14	VBP	work	works
spelling variations include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
it is likely that by the time an admin decides to put this up , the current NN will already be knocked off by the nobel prize item .	8	9	VBZ	decides	decide
while welcome to NNP dealt with NN , this album deals with NN .	9	10	VBZ	deals	deal
additionally , population VBZ to fill available land and food supply ; therefore , population must go down if the use of land does not produce food .	2	3	VBZ	expands	expand
however , his attempts remain JJ , as maya refuses to leave dr .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
despite the small number of native finnish speakers and the high number of finnish speakers who are also JJ in english , the finnish wikipedia is currently the 17th largest wikipedia with over 250 , 000 articles .	11	25	VBZ	is	are
this makes it JJ and not VB -- no group limited to those who are notable is JJ , and the intersection of two notable groups is certainly JJ .	21	26	VBZ	is	are
the concern is that we want the media and others to see our editors as professional , mature contributors ( regardless of their actual age ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though the data are physically stored on the NNP , its major advantage is that it does not have to be physically retrieved like an JJ tag for the data to be available .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the company is a continuation of NNP , but despite this , the former president of NNP , NNP NNP , became the president of NNP media works .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and , yes , i agree ( again ) with your stated reasoning that the graphic is educational .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the base also supports other nato and JJ armed forces assets crossing the atlantic for transport , NNP , exercise , relief or humanitarian duties .	1	3	VBZ	supports	support
her pen name comes from a character named NNP NNP from the NN manga series , air master .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
mainly i was just trying to keep the NN simple ( ie , what a person just starting to learn chinese would know -- that books go with ben , NNS go with NN , etc .	25	26	VBP	go	goes
SYM - i think that the username is acceptable ( the bot policy is somewhat complicated ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
according to kelly NNP of the manitoba NNP association , the animals actually like small , confined spaces .	11	13	VBP	like	likes
next hospital sites are the specialized NN hospital in NNP and the JJ hospital CD ' in NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNS are under no NN to use the workshop pages ( and never have been ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
many people believe in buddhism but do not go through any NN ceremonies .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
NNP , a benefit concert featuring local bands , was held annually from JJ before being replaced by NNP , while the anniversary party takes place every february .	23	24	VBZ	takes	take
popular formations are the triangle , the y , the line , the square and the star .	1	2	VBP	are	is
more than 1000 visitors come here daily and VB near 12 000 documents .	3	4	VBP	come	comes
more recently , words such as NNS ( to book ) , VBZ ( to park ) and NN ( NN ) have been absorbed into the language , although current initiatives in creating NNS for technological and social innovations prefer to avoid JJ NN where possible .	31	40	VBP	prefer	prefers
the c band is a name given to certain portions of the electromagnetic spectrum , including NNS of NNS that are used for NN radio telecommunications .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the articles in question are NNP NNP and ab de NNP which , in my opinion , should be titled j .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NNP tunnels police also faced criticism in the JJ press in march 2009 , after a driver was allegedly pulled over by a tunnels officer for VBG behind the wheel ; however the service has no official record of this incident .	33	34	VBZ	has	have
in the end , the film implies that the pursuit of money is RB because in order to get NNP to divorce jake , NNP offers NNP a sum of money .	5	6	VBZ	implies	imply
one part of particular interest is the `` NNP NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN articles here attract multiple hands .	2	4	VBP	attract	attracts
also concerns of original research given the sources cite a personal interview .	1	8	VBP	cite	cites
when people edit a specific section , the section title appears by default at the start of the edit NN , you VBP look for that , but it is far from NN , i fear .	9	10	VBZ	appears	appear
that is a good script the problem however is that the wikiproject watchlist is updated by NNP , which is run by rich NNP , who was banned from NN recently by arbcom .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
in societies where the ideology of male NN is strong , VBG dominance , physical strength and male honor , rape is more common .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
as well as the town of NNP , the parish includes the villages of NNP and NNP , along with the NNS of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and raise .	9	10	VBZ	includes	include
the king has to see the NN beauty again .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most obvious difference is in the NN or NN NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2005 municipal census , the neighbourhood has a mixture of housing types .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
another criticism is that a number of the listed territories , such as bermuda , consider themselves completely autonomous and JJ , with the `` NN power '' retaining limited oversight over matters such as defence and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the recent history of the sports magazine article shows frequent edits by both accounts .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show
in this , factions have their own assets , their own territory , and count possible losses when they occur .	3	4	VBP	have	has
when the power NN happens in the remake , it is not caused by aliens but by the government , specifically the army , VBG on how small towns VBP to the fear of terrorism .	28	29	VBP	react	reacts
to me , an operator VBG his bot is no different than an admin NN himself .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
students at NNP have the opportunity to learn a music instrument during class time in the senior school .	0	3	VBP	have	has
if new reliable sources turn up , we JJ and add them to the article .	3	4	VBP	turn	turns
NNP , this user needs to be introduced to the use of .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
another user is quite possibly VBN because i had to tell him that a NNP is physically impossible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the 20th century , the french NNP churches , which are autonomous , all identify themselves with the evangelical wing of NNP .	8	15	VBP	identify	identifies
the center of the head contains yellow disc NNS .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
good riding aims to help transfer some of the animal 's body weight back , getting the horse `` off the NN , '' but some riding disciplines require a greater amount of this transfer of weight ( or `` collection '' ) than others .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
the comment box appears to be only for the benefit of the NN .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the building has an exposed JJ steel roof high , supported by six pairs of NN steel columns and lined with windows .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a violin NN is a musical composition for violin accompanied by a keyboard instrument and in earlier periods with a bass instrument VBG the keyboard bass line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but , the NN is that the opponent is too `` RB JJ '' to think clearly , about anything .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
his father wants him to marry a countess but he has fallen in love with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	wants	want
his story is a JJ version of his 1906 , 3 , JJ NN trip made through northern alberta alone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this picture is an JJ shot of a variety of VBG planes i own .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the terms of the NN as the name suggests decree that no quarter should be given on the capture of any irish catholics found fighting for the NNS in england or wales ( scotland was another realm and under a different jurisdiction ) .	7	8	VBZ	suggests	suggest
a few NN NNS end in NN , including NN ( system ) and NN ( problem ) .	3	4	VBP	end	ends
as you probably have already VBN out , the site is not elaborate NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the main attraction is a 150 ' NN located on the west side of the village .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the bishop holds the NN in his right hand and the NN in his left and makes the sign of the cross with both [ 1 ] .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the officer VBZ the NN to keep to track , accounting for effects of winds , NNS , NNS and estimated speed .	1	2	VBZ	directs	direct
meanwhile , the russian NN seems to have no effect on NNP .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
with its VBG NN the former NNP residence VBZ today 's district town of NNP in the NNP district .	7	8	VBZ	dominates	dominate
the two NNS represent integration of the two opposite sides of our nature .	2	3	VBP	represent	represents
the latter method allows even for NNP induced by black body radiation , a technique called NNP VBD JJ NN ( bird ) .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
for example , the NN of the ancient greek word NNP ( NN , `` child '' ) is JJ ( NN ) and hence the modern noun NNP ( NN ) .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
the school currently offers both the international NNP ( grades 11 and 12 ) and international general certificate of secondary education ( grades 9 and 10 ) .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the figures often seen in his paintings are abstract and inspired by the NNS and sculptures of nigeria .	1	7	VBP	are	is
these NNS are in voice , NNP , trumpet , violin and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the hill fort appears to have been first occupied around 350 bc , although the JJ NNS were not built until the 2nd century bc .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the black art of reliable source determination is the most subjective , JJ , JJ process that i have come across on wikipedia .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a future is always a NN to the young .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the final section of the book includes a united states NN , and notable foreign releases .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
women live on the second and third floor and men on the fourth floor .	0	1	VBP	live	lives
the result of JJ NN among hindi speaking hindu is that they have extra terms for NNP relatives , on the contrary telugu speakers lack those terms for JJ .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
VBN fossils of NNS are rare .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NNP is sent in and they manage to delete most of the list , but ten names remain on it .	16	17	VBP	remain	remains
i think the article on this non profit organization needs to stay in en .	3	9	VBZ	needs	need
this is because the power of hope is nothing without the NN to VB it .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
as of 2010 , the museum has over CD vehicles .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the main entrance front has three NNS and five NNS , with an off centre JJ leading to a VBN NN within a VBN full height bay .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the unique JJ junction between the two NNS has two bridges made at NNP NNP carrying the NN over the canal .	3	8	VBZ	has	have
the incomplete fossil is fifteen metres long ( c .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
nonetheless this war is so JJ and obvious that if either party VBZ their revert war , a block is likely .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP tank - contestants have to enter the tank which is kept in the water and VB the yellow flags in the hook VBZ the tank .	3	4	VBP	have	has
your guess is as good as mine as to where the extra man came from .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
saints take his soul straight to paradise .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
the NNS are unusual in that they are the work of one man .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a second method involves using JJ and JJ NNS on the signal processing ( where JJ NNS VBP their NNS across the image to the NN level , and JJ NNS apply the same NNS RB across the entire image ) .	30	31	VBP	apply	applies
the gas JJ NN plays a wide variety of roles in biological organisms .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
rationale for use in star fox ( 1983 video game ) it is believed that the use of this image VBZ as fair use in the article destroy all humans !	16	20	VBZ	qualifies	qualify
the allmusic link is also a JJ source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the album includes two previously unreleased tracks , `` you 're only human ( second wind ) '' and `` the night is still young '' , exclusive to this collection ( and VBD variants .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
my name is NNP davis and i am a former NNP agent who started fighting the corruption within NNP back in 1986 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the website features art news and blogs and artist commissions .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
it is assumed that the centers of the stars , and the bulk compositions of the entire star , have more normal chemical abundance NNS which reflect the compositions of the gas clouds from which they formed .	13	19	VBP	have	has
all population figures are official results of the 2002 and 2010 NNP ( the latter are preliminary ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
there could be enough support here for a consensus to promote , but i think the objections would change to clear support once a version without NN NNS becomes available .	24	28	VBZ	becomes	become
if an NN graph has at least edges , then the graph is VBN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the NN opening is the fourth wall .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
again , the general principle is correct , although if this came up again i might VB some of the wording , as i can VB some exceptions .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
keep the topic is obviously notable as entire books have been written about it such as travel and entertainment best practices .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the version of the page deleted at afd is here , and the new version is here .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
understand that persistent NNS have their websites VBN , preventing anyone from linking to them from all wikimedia sites as well as potentially being VBN by search engines .	3	4	VBP	have	has
expressions that RB promote NN in articles are not encyclopedic .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the most popular NN NN combination today is the NN , which achieved fame and popularity thanks to the influence of jazz musician NNP ferguson , who used it in his band .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
unlike fisher 's distribution , NNP ' distribution has no NN relating to the number of balls not taken .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the park is the main home of the dwarf jay ( NNP NNP ) , considered a vulnerable species .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP NNP current list contains NNP received by march 31 , 2012 .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
if notable , article is completely useless and may as well be deleted .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
rationale of fair use for like red on a rose ( song ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
sources are all personal or fan sites .	0	1	VBP	are	is
although the length is limited to about JJ metre , this type is much more cost effective ( needs less people , and is faster ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
advocates of the new perspective on paul also argue that many new testament books by paul the NNP used to support the theory of JJ NN should be interpreted differently .	0	8	VBP	argue	argues
as for the NNS , the tool is better and thanks to the people that worked on that but until the community either accepts it or VBZ it their will be no more improvements , so its make your mind up time .	21	23	VBZ	accepts	accept
historical sources show a gap in information available on NNP in the 4 years between her marriage in CD and the birth of charles in CD .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
prominent peaks further south are wines , king , NNP , and pearl peaks .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the alternative in my mind is that you were not sufficiently thorough , which also does not speak well for you .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , over years or decades , the seals are likely to decay or the walls might VB through or VB .	8	9	VBP	are	is
return to NNP is the fifth NN in the mystery case files franchise and was released on november 26 , 2008 , for big fish games game club members whereas the public was able to download this game on november 27 , 2008 .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
in new zealand , the minimum age for VBG a firearms or gun license is 16 .	6	14	VBZ	is	are
as the name suggests , the station plays music from the 1990s , following a similar format to the absolute CD service .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
besides their involvement in the NN of NNP 's , these proteins also have other functional roles in the cell .	11	13	VBP	have	has
in von NNP architecture systems ( including the vast majority of general purpose computers today ) , raw machine code also has this property , the data type being NNS in memory .	19	21	VBZ	has	have
the NNS are of irregular and varying NNS , which is a negative factor in mining .	1	2	VBP	are	is
founded in 1904 , the municipality of NNP is similar to NNP , city in NNP , NNP , where many sailors came from during the 16th and 17th century to north america .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
voice or noise is an ongoing series , VBN in japan in the magazine NNP and published in volume format by NNP NNP under the NNP comics NN .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are all appropriately VBN ( per comments in the NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main attacking role of the centres is to commit defenders , so providing space for the NNS to run .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
reality has a way of VBG up with people .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the aim of NNP is to VB quality education to rural talented children of district NNP , NNP to meet the new challenges of competitive era .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN techniques include NN , skin rolling and NN , firm and JJ NN , percussion , and application of essential NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
in the uk version , the opening theme is `` w .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the ceo 's identity is as the head of the corporation ; this is pretty much my point .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the parish also includes the separate village of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the municipality also has visible evidence of world war ii fortifications .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
therefore my answer is that this redirect probably should be an article , but my reply in drv terms is endorse closure as a valid reading of the consensus and wrong venue for the request to NN .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
the film features extensive special effects including miniature NNS , stop motion and a NN of JJ JJ effects .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the eye colour ranges from brown through very dark brown to black .	2	3	VBZ	ranges	range
this category is for college football coaches at the university of the pacific , which ended football in 1995 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the player chooses the `` revenge '' storyline , she VBZ roman 's wedding with NNP and starts to pursue a romantic relationship with him .	2	3	VBZ	chooses	choose
tracks numbers count NNS from 1 , usually starting with the track facing the city centre .	1	2	VBP	count	counts
many species are aquatic and are either JJ or grow attached to a JJ NN , while others species grow on terrestrial rocks , wood , soil , or plants .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS are getting so long that people seem to forget about them .	6	7	VBP	seem	seems
the scene VBZ back to the laboratory , where the scientist who created mac sees the network being accessed by someone who appears to be NNP .	10	14	VBZ	sees	see
no , a sockpuppet is n't the same as a JJ signature .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the original book has seven full chapters and is exactly CD pages long .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
however , if the larger mass estimates are correct , NNP is probably a hot JJ planet .	6	7	VBP	are	is
create a data map from database fields to application fields and check whether necessary fields are visible in NNP .	14	15	VBP	are	is
while drama is still drama and ballet remains a ballet , NN over the years has lost its face entirely , turning into a JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his parents are NNP 's witnesses and he too was raised as one .	1	2	VBP	are	is
given that the NN parent has only 15 articles , this is not RB to come close to the threshold for a separate stub category , and since there are fewer than 200 JJ video game stubs there is no need for a further split at the moment .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
only straight google hits are to wiki or mirrors .	3	4	VBP	are	is
another update - user continues to make NN 3rr accusations on another admins talk page , though it appears glen has gone on holiday for wikipedia and is unable to provide any mediation on this ongoing harassment .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
the NNP distribution function is best suited for NN analysis when the input signal 's phase is 2nd order or lower .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the explosion of JJ NNP is most certainly a notable recent development in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the question is zero more warnings , one more warning , or n ( very small ) more warnings .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if it sounds too JJ , you can ignore this paragraph ; i still think that VBG interest in wikipedia is to be avoided .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
cruise ships are subject to this prohibition .	1	2	VBP	are	is
medical experts estimate that thousands of workers may be suffering from toxic JJ , but have been VBN due to the complexity of VBG the VBG illness .	1	2	VBP	estimate	estimates
often these houses only consist of one single room where the NNS are prepared on open fire so that the smoke can cause NNS of the eyes .	2	4	VBP	consist	consists
however the district attorney , gordon roberts ( robert NNP ) believes NNP is somehow responsible .	3	11	VBZ	believes	believe
NNP 's territory is home to the very important sanctuary of the NNP NN NNP , NNP from the 17th century which is a destination for NNS right next to the NNPS convent .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as such , this article is just a duplicate of roma people .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the term children 's literature criticism includes both JJ discussions of the relationship between children 's literature and literary theory and literary NNS of a specific works of children 's literature .	5	6	VBZ	includes	include
however , agnes NNS in her development because of the JJ nature of the household in which she is employed and the NN of the moral transformation , become a static member of the NN , NN to the victorian value of moral transformation in virtue .	3	28	VBP	become	becomes
the NN is stable under relatively high temperatures and can be delivered RB , making mass NN of wildlife possible by putting it in NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the valley contains approximately ten settlements , each housing between three and eight families .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
JJ waters '' of NNP range and NNP pass provide one source of mineral water .	1	9	VBP	provide	provides
the firm also has an ab NN training school , NNP oxford aviation academy , which is an alliance with several JJ flight schools .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
ties receive a rank equal to the average of the ranks they span .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
trouble is , we did not allow for the possibility of creating laser light in the safety assessment NN we were not aware of it .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
its financial institutions include six banks .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
in practice the main action is not always JJ , in which case such sentences are JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
for example the energy policy of the united kingdom recognizes the role of JJ energy and VBZ the need for local councils to understand the broader national goals of JJ energy in VBG JJ projects .	4	9	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
her NNS have a habit of coming loose quite easily .	1	2	VBP	have	has
his NNS include golf and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's first book is an JJ memoir entitled , the last day of my life by phoenix books and was launched on january 5 , 2010 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the company has over 300 JJ and JJ locations in 48 states .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the template appears to be used on only 42 images , so it should n't take too long to cleanup .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the NN and only RB developed forest area around the lake , from which the NNP area is easily JJ , is also popular with NNS .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
NNP ] ] team , they will apply a ticket to the images if the permission is acceptable .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
despite the additions of the NNS , the building presents a JJ appearance because both additions were designed to be compatible with the original building .	8	9	VBZ	presents	present
i think a pennsylvania regional authority is the way to go , and i hope the state legislature puts it on the front NN when they come back into session , '' NNP said .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
your complaint seems to be more IN the name than the content .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the origins of the JJ piano are found in the NN NN and NN NN , of which an original of the former survives and the latter only survives in descriptions and modern NNS .	19	28	VBZ	survives	survive
it must be true , but the NNS refuse to VB .	7	8	VBP	refuse	refuses
food to VB whether the category falls under their project .	5	6	VBZ	falls	fall
this axis includes the NN of the NN and state control and the creation of autonomous regions where leaders are elected by merit and where they are fully JJ for their political decisions and actions .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NN instruments are now available with JJ NNS , which are less JJ than the classical NNS with sharp teeth .	1	2	VBP	are	is
students in this program learn english on an advanced level throughout their four years of high school , and have special english conversation classes with either american or british native speakers so as to practice the language RB and to improve conversation skills .	0	4	VBP	learn	learns
abstract index notation is a mathematical notation for NNS and NNS that uses NNS to indicate their types , rather than their components in a particular basis .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while this is supposed to be a NN thing , some editors ( usually NNS ) seem to have difficulty with this .	11	16	VBP	seem	seems
coins from their short reign show one of them on one side and two VBD hands on the other to show their joint power , yet their relationship had been VBN with suspicion from the start , with both VBG an assassination from the other .	0	5	VBP	show	shows
players obtain two such cards every turn .	0	1	VBP	obtain	obtains
the agency has its headquarters in suite CD on the fourth floor of the dna building in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this help desk is for questions about using wikipedia , as the VBG red message banner above the edit window NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i RB think the jury is still out on that .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at the end of three game days , plots are determined to have ended well or badly ( if the total number of NNP is negative or zero , the plot ends badly ; if the total number of NNP is positive , the plot ends well ) .	37	40	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP 's tomb , which can RB be dated to this period , mentions its owner as a king 's mother .	4	15	VBZ	mentions	mention
restrictions include not being able to drive anyone under the age of 20 and not being able to drive between the hours of 11 p .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
ports often have JJ equipment , such as NNS ( operated by NNS ) and VBZ for use in loading ships , which may be provided by private interests or public bodies .	0	2	VBP	have	has
lord krishna as child performs NNP with NN friends .	3	4	VBZ	performs	perform
considered one of the most JJ bands on the brazilian classic rock music scenario , the band has five albums ( four officially released ) , mixing JJ music with some covers .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
each gang consists of a group of large diameter NNS on a common shaft .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNS in the NNP reach their destination with delay that has a random component , known as NN delay variation ( NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	reach	reaches
this person is still at it , using ip addresses .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a building on the stevens campus now stands as the edwin a .	1	7	VBZ	stands	stand
the NN leaves NNP stream just east of NNP lane and then VBZ the main stream of the thames south of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
each tournament usually follows a simple round robin format followed by finals contested by the highest placed sides .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
an effective JJ training programme combines both NN pieces and JJ movements similar to rowing , with an emphasis on improving NN under high tension rather than maximum strength .	4	5	VBZ	combines	combine
the second part of the NNP is when the NN VBZ the NNP prayer , during which the bread and wine are changed , by the power of the holy spirit , into the body and blood of christ ( NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the name was proposed by the commander of the argentine ship NNP in the year 1947 through having observed , by chance , that the feature resembles a NN with a JJ roof .	25	26	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the article makes no claims of notability .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
all people have a sexual orientation .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the site is north of the new york state NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if it is needed , a page identifying behavior is fine but , for example , we do n't need help identifying page moves to `` .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the last NN begins with NN followed by something .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the disagreement is whether the title pure blood theory in korea is npov , and whether the reliable sources referenced in the article cover this subject under the term pure blood theory or ethnic nationalism .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN - JJ NN NN schemes allow for a NN to be VBN an unlimited number of times .	5	6	VBP	allow	allows
treatment of underlying forms ( NNP ) described as the linguistic approach to the treatment of JJ NN , treatment begins by VBG and VBG patients on the JJ roles of words within sentences .	19	20	VBZ	begins	begin
roland bay ( ) is a cove , the south shore of which is NNP point , VBG the west end of the peninsula that forms the west NN of booth island , in the wilhelm archipelago .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
RB right '' gained mixed reviews from critics , most of whom VBD the group by comparing them to destiny 's child , but stated that the song comes off a bit weak as a breakthrough single .	27	28	VBZ	comes	come
NN is active in NN and indigenous rights movements in new zealand and internationally , including in the issues of nuclear weapons and energy issues .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the two locations , NNPS and the west end , serve a number of different types of tea ; JJ and JJ food and the west end shop allows the NN of NNP pipes .	22	28	VBZ	allows	allow
dana 's fifth album the girl is back .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
most administrators not in that category will also consider your request unless the material is a direct copyright violation or attack page .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
native paper describes the paper local to the region the stamps were originally printed on .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
this article may VB the brief article on the monarch of this district ( yang JJ NNP ) which suggests that the monarchy is JJ .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the consequences of NNS are JJ , though they may take some time to take effect .	1	4	VBP	are	is
could be done on firefox and whatever the other one is , not internet explorer .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this would , i think , be a great tool in fighting persistent vandals ; it would be possible to see which articles still have the vandal as the last editor ( and would thus still need to be checked for vandalism ) .	22	24	VBP	have	has
the redirect goes from an extremely general topic name to an extremely specific article on a single organisation , and , as such , does n't direct the user to useful content .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
categories are not RB limited to the current state of affairs .	0	1	VBP	are	is
currently known as the office of federal NNP , this entity is the main body charged with deciding which groups are eligible to secure status .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the JJ energy ( for a NN of atoms JJ energy is JJ JJ energy and is its NN ) of an atom can be any value on a NN from zero to whatever .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
then , if an admin VBZ in a JJ discussion , it 's only as a member of the community .	4	5	VBZ	participates	participate
some versions say he VBD her , some that NNPS did the NN but gave her to NNP as NNS , and others that she fell in love with NNP and VBD the NNS by RB leaving with him .	1	2	VBP	say	says
tv stores sell them for matching twin lead from an external antenna to a NN input on a tv .	1	2	VBP	sell	sells
these cells are slightly smaller than NNP NNP cells and can be used in their place for some devices , even though they are 3 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the girl 's varsity soccer team is also the only team in virginia to win two JJ NNP state championships in 2006 and 2007 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its form is very RB designed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
connections RB to richmond and new westminster are via smaller bridges on highway 91 .	0	7	VBP	are	is
thus enzyme is specific for JJ JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name of the city of NNP also has the same origin as the name NNP .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
JJ mosque is the third NN site in islam is perfectly acceptable to the creator of the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you guys have no sense of humor .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the interim report by the NNP task force , released in july , found that speculation had not caused significant changes in oil prices and that fundamental supply and demand factors provide the best explanation for the JJ oil price increases .	30	31	VBP	provide	provides
by any ordinary standard , calling someone a NN is a personal attack .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
easy mode allows JJ users to simply import a video , select the desired format and convert it .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP 's younger brother , NNP NNP , is a former defensive back for the arizona NNP of the arena football league and a former defensive back for the las vegas locomotives of the united football league .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
when the NNS sound , the prisoners prepare a mass escape and general NNP orders the launch of the rocket immediately .	6	7	VBP	prepare	prepares
countries include brazil and colombia in south america , guatemala , costa rica , and honduras in central america , uganda in africa , indonesia and vietnam in asia and the united states and mexico in north america .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
close friends who talk to each other and whose interests overlap should not be tag team edit warring .	9	10	VBP	overlap	overlaps
option 2 ( strongly suggest afc ) '' strongly suggest , to the point of the article wizard going straight to afc , that new users use articles for creation for new articles .	25	26	VBP	use	uses
NNP 's last line is `` so , i guess this is it '' before everyone leaves monica and NNP 's apartment .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the article is 2011 military intervention in libya .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN 's talk page is literally a wall of image deletion notices and associated warnings .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the library has 21 , 000 volumes , and CD JJ and newspaper titles alongside online resources and a media learning area .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN 12 art show opens in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	opens	open
if a special meeting of the general convention occurs , the deputies elected to the preceding general convention continue to serve as deputies .	3	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
evidence of jews in medieval scotland is fairly JJ , but in CD , the bishop of glasgow VBD NNS to `` VB their NNS for money borrowed from jews '' .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
this reality show is really unique and interesting than other reality shows .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's team found that NN NNS gather and carry a chemical called JJ NN in the stomach .	6	7	VBP	gather	gathers
the suburb has an australian rules football team , the NNP NNP , competing in the southern football league ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the painting is on display in the national historical museum of albania .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the committee making the decision VBZ that a land war in asia would be JJ and VBZ the atomic bombing a necessary sacrifice , even though they do n't believe that it is the only way to bring japan to surrender .	1	5	VBZ	concludes	conclude
another related JJ generation method is the slight NN due to the NNP outlined above .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
routes 81 and 82 also operate as the university 's `` NNP '' overnight service as well .	0	5	VBP	operate	operates
although RB useful in synthesis , the reaction often suffers from side reactions that arise from NN NN , JJ migration , and NN .	7	9	VBZ	suffers	suffer
please , this discussion is not about other JJ articles .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
according to legend , the site dates from the fifth century , when christ showed saint patrick a cave , sometimes referred to as a pit or a well , on station island that was an entrance to hell .	5	6	VBZ	dates	date
a part of his work shows great connection to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
this report also says about the then construction of NNP NNP as , `` after his death they erected a tomb over his grave and a substantial building on the site in which they worship him .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
just letting some people know ; i 'm a new administrator , and , while i think this was the right course of action , i would appreciate any opinions on it .	3	4	VBP	know	knows
article 91 of the constitution provides that `` human rights shall be realised without discrimination of any kind '' .	0	5	VBZ	provides	provide
the longest continuous section runs the length of back NNP street , in the NNP area .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
this condition tends to have a phase of NN followed by a return to a JJ state , and then a phase of NN , followed again by a return to the JJ state .	1	2	VBZ	tends	tend
the main problems with providing NNS VBP around the implementation or complete lack of NNS .	2	6	VBP	revolve	revolves
however , some scholars attempt to link the NNS to the NNP NNS and others .	3	4	VBP	attempt	attempts
the penalty NNS are also complex negotiations .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the japanese version of the reveal the shield NNP figure by NNP NNP is in a JJ white finish with a different NN pattern .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
such systems are an important part of the NNP , and are also in common use for high-speed computer network links to VBG areas where NN is not JJ .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
this album reveals influences of JJ punk or NN and punk rock .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
within the vienna JJ region , the sections between new vienna central station , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP central station are also part of the suburban vienna NNP railway network .	7	25	VBP	are	is
if the answer is not , they should be VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some NNS describe climate change NN as a particular form of NN .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
another famous fish dish is NNP , which is a JJ NN and was already featured by street NNS since the early 19th century and could be found on the dinner NN of many local restaurants .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the story continues to follow the NNP through a series of NN and JJ events as they search for NNS into the past of their NN and seek to discover his hidden NNS .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
some parents VBD that they can not be on the grid together with their teenage children , and companies could not market to both teens and adults in NNP even if their products have universal appeal .	32	33	VBP	have	has
NNP ' son is ordered by his NN friends to conduct a murder , but the proposed victims turn out to be his sister 's NNS , so , instead of carrying out the murder order , he VBZ his sister .	17	18	VBP	turn	turns
the last four tracks are from the band 's 1998 NNP demo .	3	4	VBP	are	is
after VBG in camps southeast of the town NNP and ( NNP region ) as the 2nd guards NNP corps , the next destination is the NNP area , where the body in the 2nd guards army reflected shock NN ( operation `` NNP `` ) until february 1943 .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
usually colonies include only great blue NNP though sometimes they nest alongside other species of NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this section refers to labels in the diagram below .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
currently , the maximum amount of gold that can be carried is 200 , 000 .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
the object of the game is to release the NNS as they become available , creating foundations , and to then build up each suit from the ace .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some NNS claim that their policy of `` fair game '' is no longer in effect , but critics of the church maintain that whether the rule is still written in NNP policy or not , the policy is still VBN to today .	18	22	VBP	maintain	maintains
the total contribution of hotel and JJ car packages is up to NN of the airline 's revenue .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
i do n't know the technical terms , but there 's a NN VBD up , so our NNS work fine through the wireless connection , but the desktop simply will not connect .	18	19	VBP	work	works
these almost JJ , yet bitter remarks suggest that he was troubled at being moved by `` the JJ performance '' of music whose style he had been taught to VB .	6	7	VBP	suggest	suggests
the way this worked is that in voting , NN indicated his vote would not take effect until 24 hours after the initial vote cast .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP building ( r ) NNP building has the construction NNS , science department ( physics and chemistry laboratories ) , languages , visual arts and mathematics .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
tracks 5 , 10 , and 11 are from NNP NNP .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the whole future decision problem appears inside the square NNS on the right .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
notable residents of NNP include former nhl player ron NNP , and nhl hockey player andrew NNP .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the NN 's electric organs lie between the mouth and the eye .	4	5	VBP	lie	lie
the newest cemetery in the county is angel crest cemetery , just off s .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one universal distinction between NN types is development of molecular weight by the different modes of NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
because the source offers several JJ trees and this one is so confusing , would anyone object to me removing the NN completely and VBG the body text to say that JJ relationship between the species is uncertain , possibly mentioning the possible JJ NN between n .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the qualifying age for joining NNP is between 11 and 18 and given the rank of recruit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a recent modification on this process , known as NNP ( NNP ) , uses a limiting NN with a higher NN temperature ( NNP ) than the excess NN to maintain reaction efficiency as the limiting NN concentration VBZ NN .	2	14	VBZ	uses	use
current guidelines recommend NN , NN , NN , or NN .	1	2	VBP	recommend	recommends
a scientific law always applies under the same conditions , and implies that there is a JJ relationship involving its elements .	2	4	VBZ	applies	apply
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are JJ , JJ , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are JJ , NN , and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
this young girl is one of the most noteworthy victims of the entire war .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the village features mild winters , hot and dry summers and a NN season .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the following editors note their conflict of interest or lack RB .	2	3	VBP	note	notes
secondly , considering that the article claims NNP NNP has done JJ work on the NN NNP , it 's curious that a google search for NNP NNP NN ' only VBZ wikipedia , wikipedia mirrors and a few facebook and NN pages .	5	6	VBZ	claims	claim
beaches include NNP linda , NNP de NNP on the mainland with NNP NNP , NNP NNP en la NNP and NNP coral en la NNP , which are on NNP NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
on the NN , the inner plates are JJ and JJ while the NN is often reduced and consists of only a single segment .	6	7	VBP	are	is
VBG all their demo tapes into one article does not fix the fact that no secondary sources exist .	16	17	VBP	exist	exists
the aim of the game is to complete 3 squares in a row , either RB , RB , or RB .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the major NN approach of the NNP that typically seen on a JJ JJ NN model ; however , it has the NN and function of a JJ NN .	3	20	VBZ	has	have
the armenian apostolic church VBZ the NNP of christ on january 6 , and so their celebration of the presentation , which they call the coming of the son of god into the temple is on february 14 .	16	34	VBZ	is	are
modern signal standards require that a yellow `` NN '' interval be displayed for not less than three seconds prior to the protected turn interval ending .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
the fact that the situation even went to arbcom shows just how badly she was a judge of the consensus of that situation .	1	9	VBZ	shows	show
but since the current information is NNP false , it should be deleted right away ( without prejudice to recreation of articles on either of the two being created with proper claims of notability .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the most commonly cited reasons for breaking up NNS are breach of the peace , caused by loud NNS and sound systems VBG local residents and dangerous driving ( such as street racing , NNS and NNS ) .	4	9	VBP	are	is
i see no NN here , nor do i think deletion is appropriate .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
VBN -- all file system transactions are first written to a journal before they are executed .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this article provides not only biographical history of john NNP ridge , but also includes a summary of the life and adventures of NNP NNP and its acceptance and NN into NN today .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
his NNS are regularly RB in tv channels like NNP tv and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this relatively large effect is due to the fact that NN is a small atom whose NN electrons are close to the nucleus .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP was the NN with morton walker of NNP oxygen therapy , his most cited scientific article is `` JJ NN as an NNP therapy in NNP due to NNP - a review of CD patients '' by NNP NNP , end e , stroke .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
i would say not really , in a 3 person vote 1 NN is often the article creator or a prominent editor of the article , 1 NN is the nominator and we would hope that third would be JJ .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the article is completely unsourced anyway .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what makes this particularly dangerous for NNP software , however , is that JJ applications act as servers as well as clients , meaning that they can be more vulnerable to remote NNS .	14	15	VBP	act	acts
NN is mostly JJ , though in some cases VBP characters are NN operators .	10	11	VBP	are	is
established in 1953 to serve as a central resource for the wealth of materials relating to advertising research , the NNP knowledge center offers specialized tools and services to help NNP members keep JJ with the latest knowledge that is applicable to their business needs .	31	32	VBP	keep	keeps
all units support dream 's own NNP JJ access ( ca ) system , with JJ ca modules ( NNP ) available for many alternate ca systems .	1	2	VBP	support	supports
the library has 200 seats and 140 automated NN radio frequency technology is used for customer NNS thousand readers use the library each NN of the library - NNP NNP the library function information center of the eu and JJ centre .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the towers hold 9 , 000 JJ metres of water altogether .	1	2	VBP	hold	holds
scientists at the facility spend months isolated from the outside world , essentially locked in the VBN facility within a level 5 NN lab , as they research a NN for the JJ virus .	0	4	VBP	spend	spends
a popular example of an VBN NN technology is the firefox JJ NNP , which allows NNS to install scripts that make JJ changes to JJ web pages .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP makes friends with her and finds out that her name is NNP and that she is an excellent cook !	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP chip - the concept is similar to NN in package configuration widely used in the silicon integrated circuit industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
an alternate approach to describing the NN of the distribution is through JJ moments .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in design the NN and source current plays a major role so proper NN is required .	3	7	VBZ	plays	play
the site is pretty much the only news media in the area ; 2 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if not , the egyptian player wins .	5	6	VBZ	wins	win
the market for JJ NNS is highly competitive and publishers do their best to put out quality , if somewhat JJ work .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this fact makes it a unique squadron within the NNP as all its aircraft are JJ NNS and every mission is flown with a pilot and weapon system officer ( NNP .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
capital letters are sometimes a matter of regional differences ; ] for example , british writers and editors are more inclined to use them than their north american counterparts .	15	18	VBP	are	is
hey my boss wants me to rank customers by the `` fortune 1000 '' list and gave me the link en .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
what is concerning is how limited your perspective of the situation is .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
another party needs to VB this user on wikipedia policies .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
so how is it that you can claim which rivalry pages are relevant and which are not .	10	11	VBP	are	is
n which demands `` significant coverage in reliable secondary sources '' ; a mention in a chronicle is n't enough .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the `` ignore all rules '' principle refers exactly to these cases , when NN should be prevented even at the expense of breaking such rules as the CD .	6	7	VBZ	refers	refer
the problem is not yet resolved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the company produces high performance NNS for boats and NN NNS , but gained fame for building what may be the most powerful JJ motorcycle in the world , the JJ NNP NNP turbine NNP .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
some infected animals remain JJ , but they nonetheless carry NNP and can VB it to others .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
my personal suggestion is [ 1 ] but if you look around their website they also have free software .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bengal cats and turkish NNS are both known for swimming .	1	5	VBP	are	is
VBG predecessor and successor states here as the usa is redundant since the usa still existed in some form during this period , so say nothing .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the interface region imaging NNP mission is a partnership with the NNP martin solar and NNP laboratory to understand the processes at the boundary between the sun 's NN and NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
at the turn of the JJ century , sweden has a JJ , generally JJ economy , and the average quality of life , after government NNS , is very high , NN is low ( the NNP NN is .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the NN NNS and NNS make the dog NN .	2	5	VBP	make	makes
better NN merge solutions are always welcome .	3	4	VBP	are	is
note that this factor is `` constant '' in the sense that it is not a function of NNP , which is the variable over which the probability distribution is defined .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its name comes from the temple church , which has given its name to a wider area south of fleet street , the temple , once belonging to the knights NNP but now home to two of the legal profession 's NNP of court .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
apparently one thing that is going on here is a clash of cultures .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
he graduated from NNP west high school in NNP washington where he grew up and the local library bears his mother 's name .	17	18	VBZ	bears	bear
these eight festivals are not , however , RB distributed throughout the year as the NNP `` wheel of the year '' .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i do think that the case is NN , and think you have presented some solid NNS for it not being independent , but still disagree on that point .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS have some common features including that they are NNS along integral curves of vector fields .	1	2	VBP	have	has
these NNS tend to VB creative forces as JJ in nature rather than sexual , and VBP the sacred as the NN and integral component of the natural world .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
the highway enters NNP from the southeast and begins to turn due north .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
per the guidelines for deletion , what matters is not whether the article indicates the subject is notable , but whether coverage exists elsewhere that the subject is notable , and encourages NNS to check for themselves first .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
if this person is a professor there , then many have written books , it 's not notable in and of itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP link is n't independent of the subject and the second link is a NN of part of the NNP link .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN is a form of textile art .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the largest specimens are about long .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the article does not ( if you read it ) present the pov that NNP temple really existed - but some parts of it are VBN in a way that makes it unclear that the details are historical NNS based on the source .	35	36	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP writes `` the evidence is that nobody save NNP and simon themselves VBD the JJ significance of what they were doing .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's most significant NNS include ; his shooting at the hands of his father which leads to the revelation of his NN , his romance with NNP and past with ronnie NNP and his past with NNP 's longtime love , NNP barrett .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
this aircraft is a converted NNP NNP motor NN equipped with an JJ electric motor , JJ controller package and two NN NN battery NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
accusations are cheap and do not generally VB notability on the accused or RB , as was eventually demonstrated by all the NN over the duke lacrosse articles .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP idol of the chief deity is 9 feet tall and made of a special element called NNP NNP ( NNP and NNP paste ) and no NNP ( ritual NN ) is performed to it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the game is not notable outside of the labor dispute .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the populations given are the latest statistics new zealand estimated resident populations .	1	3	VBP	are	is
they 're welcome to VB it out ; the community is equally entitled to say VB it off whether involved parties care for it or not .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it does not mean that your accusations are correct .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the magnetic interaction is too weak , compared with the JJ interactions , to make a difference to the chemical reactions - except possibly near certain critical points .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
then the product is JJ under the NN ( k , q ) and hence NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
very strong keep the article is important in VBG NN that is npov and usually sourced to highly credible organisations such as NNP international .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
popular legend attributes to jerome leadership of a protest in which papal bulls were first VBN around the neck of a NN in a NN and then carried to the NN in prague to be publicly burned , but the leader was actually NNP of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	attributes	attribute
the name survives today as that of a VBG company located across the channel near the long beach NNP .	1	2	VBZ	survives	survive
her interests and NNS include reading , NN , painting , playing NNP , NN , interior NN and playing sports .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
JJ , but the image is of really poor quality and as such contributes nothing to the article .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the area around it features temples on adjacent hills .	1	4	VBZ	features	feature
the fact is that the rules of the forum require against the mainstream ideas to be defended by the original poster by himself against any and NN who wishes to dispute , VB , and VB .	5	9	VBP	require	requires
people of european descent on average have a high alcohol tolerance and are less likely to develop NN compared to aboriginal australians , and native americans .	0	6	VBP	have	has
sometimes information that is not referenced is not always wrong or controversial but is in fact useful .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS use NN to see through smoke , to find persons , and to VB the base of a fire .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the school also has vocal NN and the opportunity to join one of the NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the field NN NN works with ibm 's field procedures and NNS which fields in a database should be VBN .	3	4	VBZ	works	work
however , NNP rider NNP 's ability to assume cosmic states depends on maintaining the bond with the rest of his NNP rider club friends as losing even one friend , regardless of circumstances , VBZ the transformation and VBZ the cosmic switch JJ .	6	11	VBZ	depends	depend
the article is still also tagged with anyway .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his name appears in the 1776 minute book of the poker club .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the base also includes the south regional command , which was founded in 1970 and which currently contains a command and service force , a defense and guard force and a supply and transport force .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the article as it stands right now is extremely lacking .	1	4	VBZ	stands	stand
the relatively low decrease in ultimate strength is extremely good performance for an aluminium NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
surprisingly , duck meat is rarely found on NN in west bengal even though the birds are common in the many NNS and lakes .	15	16	VBP	are	is
but this issue is not just about a blown cover .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several thousand are now being prevented from leaving syria , activists say .	10	11	VBP	say	says
this JJ trail starts across from the NNP mountain pool and runs through the woods , connecting the pool , the camp office , and the three family NNS .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
fair use in in old NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i tried to check one statement here the watershed 's largest city is denver , colorado , with a population of more than six hundred thousand .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
custody over children tends to favor the mother if she has not VBN , but the father is still expected to provide NN , unless the wife is able to take on the expenses herself .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
CD year allows students to apply to NNP and dental programs .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the list of NNS in november 1939 includes all ships sunk , VBN , VBN , or otherwise lost during november 1939 .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include
NNS and critics agree that louis lambert is a RB VBN version of the author , VBN by numerous similarities between them .	0	3	VBP	agree	agrees
its closest living relatives seem to be the north american species complex containing the NNP , the NNP , and NNP 's NNP .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
all 25 episodes are also available on NNP as instant NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
after the NNP ii VBZ the NN NNP NNP , the federation government grants the NNP direct control of the military to further increase security .	12	13	VBZ	grants	grant
the hands of god in the second and third NNS VBP the dorsal surface and feature NNS .	1	10	VBP	portray	portrays
very similar to type 4 but the centre NN shape is flat rather than rounded .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these similarities have medical applications in terms of studying the structure and functions of both immune proteins and stress proteins , as well as the role each plays in VBG disease .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the tower is in four stages with an JJ southeast NN and an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in NNS it usually means that a rank is not full NN , VBG the bottom NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
other characters also appear , such as lady NNP and NNP , the latter of whom was in NNP vii .	1	3	VBP	appear	appears
the church 's JJ tower is one of the tallest in the netherlands .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in modern NNS , these NNS are used to help NN and hold prey of sizes smaller than or equal to the NN , while the birds use their body weight to pin their prey to the ground and eat it alive .	26	27	VBP	use	uses
vintage NNS often give a c melody VBD a slightly VBN sound , which may or may not be what the player VBZ .	21	22	VBZ	desires	desire
JJ operations employ guides and pilots who are trained and experienced in VBG snow conditions , snow stability , and risk management .	1	2	VBP	employ	employs
the arm of this man , VBN by drops of water from the lake is the NNP NN for the site .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the two VBP their skills as artists , but they also fall in love , and their relationship moves into the realm of physical pleasure .	17	18	VBZ	moves	move
the club is one among many club out of the state of NNP that have played in the NNP NNP de NNP , note to say that the state of NNP has not had a club take part in the top division since club leon was relegated in 2002 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
large scale growing operations of NN crops rely on the use of chemical NNS and synthetic NNS .	3	7	VBP	rely	relies
the clip ends with pictures of the toys the children were playing falling to the ground .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
it is mentioned that whilst hugo uses his position to secure personal NNS , and especially alcohol , NNP is a JJ NN , with NNS that he suffers from JJ JJ disorder .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
update NN account is the same as accounts in the archive .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since tactical lights are intended for use in situations where JJ force is likely to be used , reliability is important .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the present political climate is dubious on montenegro 's potential membership in the nato .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the city council is the legislative branch of newcastle city government and is the chief JJ body .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
with each new version , the NNS add more powerful features that are JJ .	6	7	VBP	add	adds
duke fans just have a hard time taking criticism .	1	3	VBP	have	has
SYM - tribe NNP the habitat consists of low to NN forests .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the only way to do magic is to be present , at least , two of the circle 's members and that is something that NNP ( NNP NNP ) does n't like at all .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this group is JJ to both NNP ( 2 , 7 ) and NNP ( 3 , 2 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their flat was also recreated on a sound stage , although the film includes scenes shot on location in front of the house itself .	12	13	VBZ	includes	include
villagers tend to use traditional medicine in case of illness as sometimes the clinic runs out of NNS , so the percentage of NN is higher than elsewhere in republic of congo .	13	14	VBZ	runs	run
the unique NN NN technology features JJ NN of the full NN stack within a single vacuum chamber .	4	5	VBZ	features	feature
the turns are quite tight ; the distance from the southern limit of the first turn to the northern limit of the second is only by air , or measured along the river channel .	1	2	VBP	are	is
m features in the video were reminiscent of her video for `` human nature '' , commenting , `` the influence on `` tonight '' is pretty evident , most notably in NNP 's leather NN , her JJ attitude and the NN JJ activities she VBZ in throughout .	20	25	VBZ	is	are
the village of NNP has about 200 inhabitants .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
by publishing this material , the user RB agrees to VB and to hold NNP NN from any claims , demands , or causes of action VBG out of or connected in any way with user 's publication of the material .	6	8	VBZ	agrees	agree
valid folklore , and a wiki is an ideal medium for collecting variations .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
you never claimed my notability argument is in error .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the figures collapse completely around 1990 when the age drops low enough that the subjects of the biographies are children , forming a VBG off that never completely VBZ and only reaches zero in 2010 ( NN automatically notable has been born yet ) .	8	9	VBZ	drops	drop
in use as a prison from 1820 to 1889 , the building is now a living museum .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
east NNP district has a total population of 5 , CD , CD ; 2 , CD , CD and 2 , CD , 130 male and female respectively .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP is VBN when the younger soldiers almost kill the young dealer , believing a warning beating sufficient to modify his behavior but keep him fit to work for them .	6	8	VBP	kill	kills
seasons run from march to october , with teams playing 34 games each VBG CD games in the season .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
the cemetery is the VBG ground of ross church and first NNP church , both located nearby .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for instance , the number of NNS for the NN 4 is 5 .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ facility resides on the ground floor of block 9 along NNP road .	2	3	VBZ	resides	reside
the NNP NNP 's first NN comes in the form of a NN named NNP .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
the overall effect is a signal that awards energy efficiency , and energy consumption that is sensitive to the JJ limitations of the supply .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the original design included NNS based on the NNS that david NNP passed on his fictional journey , but the final version has no NNS .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
experienced editors are editors who should already know how to act .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the movie VBZ with a JJ celebration by the victorious chinese .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
reading enterprise hub is a business NN opened in 2003 .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the tribes of NNP , NNP , and NNP agree to fight alongside israel as they had promised .	1	9	VBP	agree	agrees
a NN conflict also VBZ when , in order to VB fox , NNP VBZ to continue to hold dr NNP under arrest even after it becomes clear that the man is innocent .	2	4	VBZ	arises	arise
built under the monarchy , it is a favored tourist spot on account of its JJ gardens and NNS left by its royal heritage ; the egyptian government charges a JJ fee ( 15 le ) .	27	28	VBZ	charges	charge
prospect park hill , which VBZ the mississippi river , is the listed on the local register .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
then the film moves on to NNP , telling the audience that u .	2	3	VBZ	moves	move
the song is available for download in the rock band series of games .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a rifle NN is larger and heavier than a hand NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comment well , friendly matches are not part of a league , they are just friendly matches , which are JJ and do not award points or qualification to some competition .	4	5	VBP	are	is
residents alleged that the company regularly VBZ local environmental regulations .	4	6	VBZ	violates	violate
the highway runs from md 2 near NNP east to riverside drive in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
this guy knows too much , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know
other influential clubs include NNP , the various sports teams , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
july 2005 ( utc ) ( and NN , if any NN NNP heads want to jump in and add some content or help VB things , that would be JJ !	13	14	VBP	want	wants
chances are , the details from casting to costumes to special effects will never satisfy NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the nearby village is NNP ; nearest towns are bishop 's castle and church NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
classical JJ texts include os NNP , by NNP de NNP that is an epic book about the history of portugal and have elements of greek mythology if from the 16th century .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the arrival area consists of a single NN NN , and a NNS ' assistance desk .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the castle , NNP de NNP , which survived the CD bombardment , is now a museum and exhibition space , with a strong maritime collection .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the official mascot is billy buffalo .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
delete , if a delete vote is even still appropriate in light of copyvio .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
do you know the NN `` even a stopped clock is correct twice a day '' .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
what large NNS of money that are in africa are often used to develop NNS when the need is for smaller scale projects .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the show promises you unlimited drama and NN while watching the JJ footage of the JJ action and drama of the highly diverse group of celebrities .	1	2	VBZ	promises	promise
the building is the tallest in the city of riverside by height though the mount NNP manor has two more floors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its educational NNS include NNP 's college , NNP 's a .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
pictures of this new english edition are available below .	0	6	VBP	are	is
jeff NNP source photo -- -- -- source NNP must tell you that the photo provided with the source is by far a better picture of jeff NNP and i highly suggest someone to change the current photo if possible .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
the cemetery also includes the graves of JJ NNP county residents who died in a JJ JJ around 1900 .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
article CD of the korean copyright act allows the korean copyright commission to recommend NNP to VB the accounts of repeat file sharing NNS ( as VBN by the commission ) for six months .	0	7	VBZ	allows	allow
wealthy countries have very JJ air accident investigation societies ; poor countries ask for help from wealthy countries ( usually canada for some reason - i suppose they put a lot of money into air investigation during and after NNP - but sometimes the us or the uk ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
exceptions happen from that general rule , while NNP NNP broadcast JJ movies ( in the morning hours ) .	0	1	VBP	happen	happens
the article subject is very RB notable is best .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN laws of the united states tend to reflect a distinction like this .	2	7	VBP	tend	tends
six small advertising signs represent the NN keys .	3	4	VBP	represent	represents
the material consistently regards god as standing outside the world of physical nature and man .	1	3	VBZ	regards	regard
NNP 's plan is to release a JJ version of the go , but it is possible that a JJ version will be released as well .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current president of the society is NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the CD seats are all individually VBN in order to provide the best experience .	2	3	VBP	are	is
today the league consists of 14 teams playing a double NN .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the shorts are now in the public domain .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the time that a NN takes to discharge ( for moderate rates of discharge ) is largely dependent on the load to which you VBP it .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
the tendency in england is for parishes to become larger the further north they are situated ; this is because the NN tends to become more VBN out in areas such as NNP and NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
summers are hot and dry , with temperatures above .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the rationale claims the image is possible in the NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
will NNP is a smooth jazz composer , alto NN and recording artist whose 2007 release , will call is his first with NN records .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
afd by third party - article still stands .	5	7	VBZ	stands	stand
the structure is similar to the one NN ( see next paragraph ) uses , but there are substantial differences .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nearest airport is NNP international airport which is about 88 kilometers away .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fuel elements , known as `` NNS '' , are to be removed to NNP for VBG , starting in 2014 or CD .	2	10	VBP	are	is
an eu statement demonstrates this afd context to be false - it did have an impact .	2	3	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the bush administration points to the long period of sustained growth , both in NNP and in overall job numbers , as well as increases in personal income and NNS in the government NN .	2	3	VBZ	points	point
the fruit bodies develop slowly , and specimens left until late in the season can grow up to five pounds or more .	2	3	VBP	develop	develops
the building contains elements of the queen anne revival and the arts and crafts styles .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
cycle 1 looks at the human person as we were created to be `` in the beginning '' ( original man ) ; cycle 2 addresses human life after original sin , JJ and VBN ( historical man ) .	0	2	VBZ	looks	look
same comment that i stated in the second base NNP , fix the formatting of your NN use .	1	11	VBZ	fix	fixes
the clash of cultures here is very deep , and at this level of depth of cultural NN , many people will be JJ to RB VB even when a guest .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the supporters believe the results of the elections are being VBN .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
this difference in NN positions seems to be the key factor in NNP activation leading to NN of JJ NN synthesis .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
the main writer is the subject himself , which likely results in a conflict of interest .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the NN is not properly protected , it may get NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
humans use NN NN for body heat NN , particularly to remove the heat produced during exercise .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the island is also a part of the NNP 's 1st constituency .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the key issues are the actual definitions of the words .	2	3	VBP	are	is
race officers are a type of race official used during the running of sailing races run under the racing rules of sailing .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the stadium currently holds 2 , 000 people .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
a priest is a person VBN to perform the sacred rituals of a religion , especially as a JJ agent between humans and one or more NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
history creates its own ethical NNS , and action requires only faith rather than NN .	8	9	VBZ	requires	require
both river valleys are typically JJ VBN valleys in JJ sandstone and coal measures .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this article is an unnecessary content fork of alice a .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mystery special NNP - when the game begins , they will receive either a flame NNP , star NNP , or a NNP .	6	7	VBZ	begins	begin
this area is close to the rest of the city of NNP , and the limits with the NNS of felix NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many rap songs from the twin cities speak on social and political issues , and also involve personal stories .	2	7	VBP	speak	speaks
his favorite games are NNP iii , NNP , and company of NNP `` smart '' nick is an expert when it comes to computers , but besides that is JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the ship has capacity for 2 , CD passengers and a crew complement of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
so these things need to be removed .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
an NN of the wizard of oz , the NNP man , played by richard NNP , is a scholar who is VBN to NNP , a drug created by NNP .	1	17	VBZ	is	are
a standard fly mask is not generally used while riding , as the NN NN VBZ with the NN and the minimal visual NN of the NN presents a safety issue .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
none of the three admin tools i have JJ to use ( blocking , protection , deletion ) seem to be justified in this case , so i seriously have no idea why this discussion is at this noticeboard rather than at a more appropriate one .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the village is close to the old JJ channel of the lake and the NN of the NNP JJ power scheme .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the channel is available via cable television , and since 2006 has been available worldwide as one of a number of channels airing greek language programmes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the design is with a total length of CD relatively compact and therefore JJ on the scale of a national laboratory .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
similar to a NN , this variation involves VBG on the nose of the NN at the top of a transition or NN .	6	7	VBZ	involves	involve
NNP , liverpool 1870 the church is in JJ style with four NNS and JJ windows .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the highest point in the NN is NNP peak , an NN lava dome located entirely within the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in the final scene of the NNP , when the families gather on the beach , NNP has a cameo as NNP 's sister .	10	11	VBP	gather	gathers
the governing organisation of NNP in the uk , church of NNP religious education college , inc ( NNP ) , is a corporation registered in south australia .	2	21	VBZ	is	are
with science fiction settings , these games take an abstract view to racing and may feature abstract vehicles such as NNS and race in alien environments .	6	7	VBP	take	takes
i note the obvious bias that many ( though certainly not all ) of them have expressed in these areas themselves , and point out that an interest in a JJ area is not a conflict of interest in that area .	27	32	VBZ	is	are
united states the rationale used by this court in NNP is equally applicable to NNP .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
leaders normally sing the tenor part while leading , no matter what section they normally occupy ; this matches the part of the singers they are directly facing .	10	18	VBZ	matches	match
if this article is notable , then it will stand on its own , and without the NNS of NN or bloc voting .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the interaction section is very JJ , with no NN narrative .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS railway is a french railway line linking the JJ railway from a junction near NNS to NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the force maintains nearly 100 such vehicles under JJ NNP control room vehicle ( NNP ) fitted with advanced NN NNS and wireless communications systems .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the NN indicates the value of the operation for each combination of regions , with dark VBG 1 and light 0 ( some authors use the opposite convention ) .	23	24	VBP	use	uses
they note that `` [ her ] high notes are sweet and JJ , her NN is JJ and JJ , and her NN is RB confident for a pop NN whose career is tied for NN to the NNS of her american idol NNS '' .	8	9	VBP	are	is
my opinion is to try and style it after batman and captain marvel ( dc comics ) but more RB since we already have those NNP as templates .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if using a JJ reader , the test is JJ and JJ curves have an initial linear region .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP facilities for primary , secondary and tertiary care are important to effective community health work .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the vast majority of the population is albanian and RB to islam .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
historical commentary on 1965 performance of NNP song is about the fate of the 17th century russian rebel , NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the position is slightly different in the case of a JJ trust ; in such cases the NNS are dependent upon the exercise by the trustees of their powers under the trust instrument in their favour .	17	18	VBP	are	is
other smaller islands include NNP , NNP and further to the east NNP ( correct form NNP ) ( mt .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
in canada and europe , heated hand NNS and heated seats are also part of the executive package .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the text of the moved passage runs from `` our NNS were JJ , and holmes lay VBN upon the NN '' to `` i should not have VBN it upon your attention had you not shown some NN the other day .	1	6	VBZ	runs	run
the episode opens with the family gathering at the airport , traveling by bus to the local NN village .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
you have to follow what the sources say about someone .	6	7	VBP	say	says
the primary option is in favour of VBG the economically , RB and RB less JJ , in the society .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
population levels are subject to wide NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
best lawyers best law firms guide in 22 practice areas .	1	5	VBP	guide	guides
the main line extends RB from NNP to NNP , a distance of 42 .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
this general lack of commitment by schools to the internet reflects a limited perception of its capacity to provide educational outcomes for the school community .	2	10	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the terminal line is JJ and indicated by black , JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this kind of JJ pronunciation tends to occur in places with conservative NN , such as ireland , scotland , parts of the north of england , or NNP .	1	5	VBZ	tends	tend
NNP felt that the quality of the adventures also varies greatly , and that while most are `` fairly good '' , he continued `` [ a ] few are so thin and VBD that i VBD why they were included '' .	4	9	VBZ	varies	vary
the west front is plain , and has a pointed window of five lights .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when a case is pending , it is almost certainly best to keep the dispute in one place .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there is little room in a biographical article for the NNP VBD listing of NNS , and the article does nothing whatever to explain the effects he has had on law or agriculture .	18	19	VBZ	does	do
if the engaging pieces are of equal rank , both are removed .	3	4	VBP	are	is
if a connection to the fire department is optional , or is prohibited , a fire alarm system is often connected to a monitoring center at the building owner 's NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
these NNS still have NNS attached to them and when met with other NNS , form multiple NNS .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the NN is on a boat .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the yacht has one helicopter NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
all complications of JJ section are more likely and more severe if it is done as an emergency after a failed attempt at JJ delivery rather than as a planned operation .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the identity of `` planet 14 '' is uncertain , and has been the subject of much fan discussion and speculation .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the nearby NNP weather station shows average daily maximum temperatures ranging from in january to in july , with CD hours of sunshine per year , and an average annual rainfall of .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
the figure shows a NNP array , one of the possible ways of achieving this .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
needs references , and RB , the article reads more like a press release than an NN article ( in agreement with NNP ) .	7	8	VBZ	reads	read
the song features the same guitar NN that appears in the beginning of `` NNP ii '' and during the NN a keyboard quotes the opening NN to NNP bells , a trick that he VBZ in later pieces such as `` NNS '' .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
his user page appears to have his full name as referenced from a previous account he had , and it also gives his birth date , city and state he lives in and even the school he VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the only hope for this article is if someone , somewhere finds a way to alter wikipedia 's culture in order to permit the JJ appointment of a panel of people who are deemed responsible enough to follow npov as well as JJ enough to do the job well .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
inscriptions on the stone indicate to some the existence of a JJ civilization but to others the rocks are natural formations VBN by the wind or the result of NN caused by waves when this region was under the sea .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
date ranges take en NNS , not JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
topic is RB encyclopedic , and does not fail notability .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
hip providers VBP that there need not be any delay as long as the NN VBZ out the NN in a JJ fashion .	14	15	VBZ	fills	fill
but a big part of my job is to pass .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
his photographs are of happy faces , [ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the uk until very recently ( and details are JJ ) the administration would give anonymous NNS to so-called lobby NNS .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the NN rule is more flexible than the golden or NNP rule , in that the NN rule requires judges to look over four tasks to ensure that NNS within the law are covered .	17	18	VBZ	requires	require
major churches include st john anglican church NNP , catholic church NNP and baptist church NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
asking people to stay off your talk page is a warning sign of NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
it can also occur when a person trips over an object or NNS on a JJ surface , especially if that person has JJ factors .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
i agree with that , provided the consensus is that a regiment is notable ( i still have some doubts ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the character , portrayed by actor ian NNP in the feature films , is the main NN of the saga .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
total war is a sequel in the total war series , in which the conflict takes place during the NNP period .	14	15	VBZ	takes	take
while fusion power is still in early stages of development , substantial NNS have been and continue to be invested in research .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
subsequently the head fails to grow while the face continues to develop at a normal rate , producing a child with a small head and a NN NN , and a loose , often VBD NN .	8	9	VBZ	continues	continue
the problem with these figures is that they 're only about one little aspect and between NNS it 's not even VBN , so they do n't even serve for a comparison .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the official english language translation is JJ examination , but the test in fact constitutes the high school 's final exam ( s ) , in other words it is a high school graduation exam .	11	14	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
the `` heroes ' bell '' in the tower on the NNP side VBZ CD .	4	13	VBZ	weighs	weigh
this category includes organizations and educational departments which have a major focus on appropriate technology .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the primary function of the telescope is visual spectrum observation following JJ NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP james of the new york times described the film as `` RB JJ '' and said , `` this RB JJ film has no idea how JJ and VBG it is .	22	23	VBZ	has	have
JJ displays handle all numbers and a limited set of letters .	1	2	VBP	handle	handles
the black rock neighborhood has a mix of residential and commercial properties , with most of the retail stores being located along NNP avenue , the main NN , which connects black rock to NNP and downtown NNP .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
man of iron , a movie by NNP NNP where the massacre plays an important role .	11	12	VBZ	plays	play
game time varies , but a match of two to three players is usually completed in 20 minutes .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
the JJ NN of his former works may be wanting , but the book is JJ for its stores of NN and NN , and RB most VBG through the author 's NN NNS and JJ NN to every modern innovation .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
he said that if a new album is not right for the band , then they will simply release the songs online .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
track 7 is a bay platform , which is connected to the home platform .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
in her second novel , the dancer from the dance , the young female protagonist is JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a NN machine is a VBG machine that takes cash in payment for NNS of NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the core spaces are the spaces made by sony computer entertainment , specifically for the home environment .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the new title is the latest NN in the winning eleven series which has sold over 56 million copies ( as of september 2009 ) worldwide .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in response to your other statement , the problem is , this association has not VBN the production of a news story .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
an example in english is the vowel sound in the second NN of the word NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
if anyone is hurling VBN to join ring on the magical NN of fame , that man is john doyle of NNP .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the contributions of the NNP are noteworthy .	1	5	VBP	are	is
since the stamp was issued prior to 1923 , it is no longer subject to copyright , and an exact two JJ copyright of it also has no claim to copyright .	22	26	VBZ	has	have
i think the fly in the NN here is really that there has been no claim of NN made in germany .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
NN is notable , having had a comparable circulation to NNP !	0	1	VBZ	is	are
virtually unused ( 5 NNS ) template , that can be VBN by the linked NNS themselves ( in a collapsed state ) .	4	6	VBP	template	templates
the fictional NN of imperial NNP NNS follows the prussian NNP system , with honour NN depicted in the novel space marine .	2	7	VBZ	follows	follow
in addition , the NNP comics editions feature all the color pages made for the 2003 japanese NN in addition , the books are being produced larger than the NNP , NNP , and japanese editions .	6	7	VBP	feature	features
also , if the names contain any proper NNS like `` texas '' or `` omaha '' , make sure to VB them .	4	5	VBP	contain	contains
unfortunately , the damage done to newfoundland 's coastal NN was JJ , and even after sixteen years , the northern NNP population has failed to VB and the NN NN remains closed .	30	31	VBZ	remains	remain
NN , this article is JJ but at its current state , needs a lot of improvement .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
grant 's book is a NN of a popular title from the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
full NNS are available for NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
today the college offers more than 30 programs .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
maybe some people are n't old enough to enjoy your blood and NN VBD games that you also lead me to believe you play .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP NNP character is also now VBG NNP the bird with his tail NNS , and the NN NNS are shown .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it belongs to the NNP NNP county ( NNP del NNP NNP ) which capital is NNP de la NNP .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in probability , a JJ stand is the belief that NNS are simply JJ by rational agents in a certain NN , and which have no objective reality in and of themselves .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the artist is still activity working , and has no plans to retire except in the case of physical disability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the guideline needs to fit the policy .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the people of NNP NNP are mostly farmers and rely on agriculture as the best profession in that area .	1	5	VBP	are	is
and contrary to what NNP thinks , i think it rather JJ and was VBN at how well the document fits the present times .	19	20	VBZ	fits	fit
often a religious text , such as the bible or NNP , states that a miracle occurred , and NNS accept this as a fact .	19	20	VBP	accept	accepts
NNS are similar , but young birds have pale brown instead of grey , and dark brown replacing black .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN will determine which NN is best used during NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in 2003 , the chart format was removed and was replaced by take 7 , where seven of the most popular artists from the week are featured and the most popular artist receives the award for NNP song .	31	32	VBZ	receives	receive
an ice cream cone , NN or NN is a dry , JJ NN , usually made of a NN similar in NN to a NN , which enables ice cream to be held in the hand and eaten without a bowl or NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the exact definition and feature set is contentious though , and VBZ as different NNS of NNP attempt to distinguish themselves from their competitors and avoid being excluded , and customers express NNS ranging from JJ to JJ .	30	31	VBP	express	expresses
his cap band indicates that he was assigned to uss NNP ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
other plays showing its influence are gary mitchell 's in a little world of our own and rod wooden 's your home in the west .	1	5	VBP	are	is
an estimated 8 , 000 people live in the area ; 80 percent of the residents use private wells for their water supply .	5	6	VBP	live	lives
when the NN is an NN the reaction product is a NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the adult female has a RB pointed JJ end , is 8 to 13 NNS long , and 0 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
on charts , some wreck symbols have a line under the symbol with a depth mark , which indicates the water depth above the wreck .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the new facilities in the NNP independent school district are one of the high schools and the new elementary school .	2	9	VBP	are	is
but they have low NN once the weapons pop out .	7	8	VBP	pop	pops
in the NNS , the first fire station has to be VBN and upgraded .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
persian and arabic JJ given JJ ' NNS cause similar difficulty .	7	8	VBP	cause	causes
VBG in return for a contribution , '' the committee officially found that NNP 's conduct had been `` JJ and JJ '' , VBG of `` the JJS , strongest and most severe NN which the committee has the authority to VB .	37	38	VBZ	has	have
an the nominator thinks that some of the content should be included in another article , so this should have been a merge discussion and not a deletion .	2	3	VBZ	thinks	think
the castle is nothing more than a NN now , known as blood rock for the massacre which took place there .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main difference is that the player can now VB to fly missions as a german pilot , VBG the war from the opposite perspective .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his songs dealt with everyday life and simple people .	1	2	VBP	dealt	dealt
in reality there is no specific regulatory requirement that the cbc 's networks carry the nhl , nor that there be NN between the two networks ' carriage NN .	12	13	VBP	carry	carries
next life is an adventure game developed by czech company future games and published by the adventure company designed for microsoft JJ computers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
with everything else on wikipedia , comments are permanent except for deleted articles where the comments are not relevant to creating or having a legitimate article .	6	7	VBP	are	is
criteria for this listing include occurrence in an area of extensive , suitable habitat which appears to not be under any substantial threat , an assumed large population , and a slow rate of decline .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
other graduates include former secretary of state george NNP , NNP shields and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the organization works through its head office in NNP , kenya ; supporting 3 country program offices , CD staff members and over CD , 000 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
as i VBD above , it is just difficult to handle it here , because while the source seems reasonable a quick look at the argument shows it might be a difficult case .	17	18	VBZ	seems	seem
the current mayor of NNP is NNP rogers .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
although the musicians are notable , the list is not notable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i think at least the terms NNP , NNP and NNP need explanation in this or following sentences .	5	11	VBP	need	needs
his position on the field is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of these offices is to develop resources locally , and to help vietnamese in danger of being a victim of human trafficking .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
prior to the NN , the referee does a roll call to verify the presence of all players .	6	7	VBZ	does	do
boots are NNP and VB tend to be NNP or head .	0	1	VBP	are	is
new stems spring from NNS , a type often called NN , and the stems often have no tips , VBG RB out of the space .	14	16	VBP	have	has
notes , encourages players to learn and adopt basic infantry tactics - defenders are encouraged to site machine guns to dominate fields of fire , while NNS are encouraged to have some men give covering fire while others moved .	32	33	VBP	give	gives
the school name itself comes from a road which runs from hyde park , spans the city of westminster and passes through NNP and chelsea .	2	4	VBZ	comes	come
despite NNP 's NNS of any formal link between the two organisations , its official statements call the NNP a `` JJ resistance organisation '' and their journal combat NNP publishes the NNP 's press releases .	15	16	VBP	call	calls
by the way , the task of the bot is to create less than 19 .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
news sources on the internet do that all the time , of course .	1	5	VBP	do	does
some scholars of the social sciences consider it a form of racism , although this is debated .	1	6	VBP	consider	considers
consequently , the most common NN NNS are the less JJ JJ NN and NN groups .	6	7	VBP	are	is
qualification of what was actually proved is necessary because of the JJ difficulties .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the first reference is from a bulgarian site that presents a JJ stance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the game shows soon followed , with NNP presented by NNP NNP , under the slogan NNP ce NN sur NNP , and advertising based on car NNS which viewers were encouraged to place in their cars , with these cars then being filmed and broadcast on air .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
it was used in JJ countries to play the JJ part in NNS , and this tradition survives in NNP NN NNS .	16	17	VBZ	survives	survive
for further commitment , the patient is VBN by a mental health court , part of family court , for which the public defender assists the patient .	23	24	VBZ	assists	assist
his art consists of VBG raw material into another state , VBG it with a sense of soul and identity .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
a lake resort of NNP bay is near thomson lake regional park .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ team 's supporters receive a bonus from their boss .	3	4	VBP	receive	receives
that last edit also explains well where i was coming from , and why i acted as i did .	2	4	VBZ	explains	explain
stone and brick VBP the tomb has two NNS , two NNS , and a chapel .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the NN rule therefore VBZ white from playing at the marked intersection immediately .	2	4	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit
police are VBN off when his mother comes to visit and finds him there .	6	7	VBZ	comes	come
the role of NN is also odd , since slaves are usually taken to , not from , a frontier .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
not all crimes require specific intent , and the threshold of NN required may be reduced .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
however , tommy 's regained powers are only temporary and must be frequently VBN by NNP , who mentions that the green ranger 's powers will ultimately fail .	5	6	VBP	are	is
endorse deletion , afd is not a NN , well within closing NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ systems have an entirely different architecture from the other systems , similar to that of JJ personal NNS that they are based on , with a traditional NN architecture with buses and NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a much larger version of the NNP bottle , called the NNP NNP , has the same NN technology .	3	14	VBZ	has	have
the context is that the team was then missing experienced players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
reliable - `` questionable sources are those with a poor reputation for checking the facts , or which lack meaningful editorial oversight .	4	5	VBP	are	is
two brick houses from 1500 form part of the boundary walls and a few brick houses near the church are evidence of the prosperity the town enjoyed in the 15th century .	2	19	VBP	are	is
the NN forests are a generally a JJ composition , VBN with some single species stands .	2	3	VBP	are	is
if damaged , the process of restoring the original shape is more complex than producing a new one .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
the reason for its regular NNS is due to its method of construction , NN , which is by far the most common method of hill figure construction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the major health concern is JJ NN , and a minor recurring concern is that the breed can be prone to VB eyes .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
other islands in the immediate vicinity include clark island , NNP island , king island , leading island , and NNP island .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
contracts in which at least one of the parties is a minor are JJ by the minor .	0	12	VBP	are	is
the campus now looks more like a university campus VBG six blocks with easy access , convenient parking , covered NNS , NNS , water NNS , gardens and a track for walking and running .	1	3	VBZ	looks	look
another JJ lake , brook lake , also stands below the dam .	2	8	VBZ	stands	stand
this is done under the `` NN '' domain for the purpose of making websites JJ if a user has JJ software installed that blocks NN 's ads by blocking its domain .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
traditionally , the NNP people have a king known as the NNP NNP .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the touch of your NNS '' is a romantic ballad written by ray noble in 1936 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the inclusion of a NN refers back to another dramatic episode in JJ history , the battle of NNP in CD , when 600 citizens of NNP lost their lives .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer
if the victim VBZ , leave him in the position in which he was found provided there is no further danger , try to find out what is wrong with him and get help if needed , and VB him regularly .	2	3	VBZ	responds	respond
the library holds more than 46 , 000 volumes and numerous online subscription databases .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
females have a standard desirable height between at the NNS , with a minimum weight at NN of and a maximum weight of .	0	1	VBP	have	has
VBN was born in NNP , norway ; her father , NNP NNP NNP is a teacher .	9	14	VBZ	is	are
JJR compounds in JJ chemistry contain carbon to copper chemical bonds .	1	5	VBP	contain	contains
unlike other NNS such as NNP , the teeth are not JJ , or narrow at the base .	8	9	VBP	are	is
descendants of the original founders still reside in the community .	0	6	VBP	reside	resides
the franklin graph can be drawn on the klein bottle in a way that forms six JJ regions , showing that this bound is tight .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
so my question is whether to just go ahead and make stub articles ( which are easier to look NN ) , put them in the NNP or just use one main NNP article to VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the service covers an area of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
other frequent subjects include female NNS and mothers with children .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
a good example of this is in the case of jones v powell ( CD ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP railway station is on the NNP to NNP line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cottage industries such as pottery , NN , crafts and NNS also VBP .	1	12	VBP	persist	persists
however , critics have stated that NNP 's proposed developmental sequences bear no resemblance to anything actually observed during JJ development .	10	11	VBP	bear	bears
the game starts in a club where lewis and his band play , lewis spots a tall JJ looking man in the crowd ( who is later revealed to be a demon called NNP ) and he gets VBN .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
similar copies are part of the group that board NNP NNP to rescue and VB aaron NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the museum itself has huge collections from which publicly available is only a part .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP hill members seek a sustainable lifestyle .	2	3	VBP	seek	seeks
the JJS solution to the NNP problem is to VB the distance from the NN point to every other point in the database , keeping track of the `` best so far '' .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
my name is NNP NNP lee , but most people know me as kim NNP ill , or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP mansion address is CD saint NNP drive ; baltimore , maryland , CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the score contains features novel for its time , including experiments in NN , metre , rhythm , stress and NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
palestinian NNS fire two rockets from the gaza strip into israel .	1	2	VBP	fire	fires
RBR inherited territories that today form the northern part of the canton of NNP .	2	5	VBP	form	forms
other VBG arrangements produce yet smaller books such as the NN ( CD ) ( duo et NN ) .	2	3	VBP	produce	produces
but when talking about an article about a different subject , the question of JJ weight VBZ when mentioning a topic not notable in itself .	12	16	VBZ	arises	arise
the principal NNP is called RP or NNP , that is , the ruler of NNP or the king of laws .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the oldest clay NNS come from NNP and date to the late fourth millennium bce , slightly earlier than the NNP NNP period .	3	4	VBP	come	comes
this JJ fact reveals the genesis of NN .	2	3	VBZ	reveals	reveal
for instance , in the NN prisoner 's NN , the `` NNP '' move is not JJ for any probability of opponent cooperation .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in the case of industrial equipment , the most common techniques for noise protection of workers consist of shock VBG source equipment , creation of JJ glass or other solid NNS , and provision of ear protection equipment .	10	16	VBP	consist	consists
and the page has like a NN of info regarding this .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the locality offers excellent conditions for NN and tourism .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
each member of the community possesses a piece of the shared knowledge .	1	5	VBZ	possesses	possess
note also that the article says he is married to a `` textile artist and historian NNP NNP '' .	0	5	VBZ	says	say
this has to be a wind up - the company trademark comes top on google even above NN terminal four .	10	11	VBZ	comes	come
the titles are currently vacant after previous champions , el NNP and NNP , left the NNP promotion .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the orbit of NNP is unusual .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
reliable source examples , this book meets the top qualifications of an acceptable source .	5	6	VBZ	meets	meet
the three NN mission types are third person , overhead view , and first person .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the bill is fairly long , straight and mostly black with some pink on the lower NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
thomas NNP ( who held a phd and was the inventor of JJ lead and VBD NN NNS ) said of trial and error , `` the trick is to turn a wild JJ chase into a fox hunt '' ( quoted in hughes 2004 ) .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the books generally follow the overall fate of its several NNS and the lands from which they VBP .	1	3	VBP	follow	follows
there is never any NN to VB something - and if the deletion is JJ , then there will be a NN on drv , which , once evident can be RB closed .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the river NNP rises within community limits .	1	3	VBZ	rises	rise
NN '' is one of the album 's two closing NNS , the other being `` NNP '' .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
these still VBG images show soldiers VBG and burning their way through town , country and convent , before being RB arrested and executed by their NNS , VBN by peasants , or surviving to live as JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
the undergraduate program includes degrees in business , economics , and NNP management .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
notable JJ buildings include the NNP hotel ( c .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the book is recognized as a modern indian by the NNP academy , government of india , ministry of culture , new delhi and is being translated in all major regional indian languages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are more abundant and better studied .	0	1	VBP	are	is
we can not yet be sure how large b may be taken , but the theory VBZ us the results do hold for some finite parameter b .	15	16	VBZ	assures	assure
the program will explain how to check out an NNP dealer , help consumers select the right NNP , show how to evaluate used NNP , and supply tips from industry experts from around the country .	13	14	VBP	select	selects
men 's 25 metre centre fire pistol NN scored a CD to bag the silver medal at the event held on 10 october 2010 .	3	4	VBP	centre	centres
this work uses three themes from il NN and a fourth theme that is as yet JJ .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
for the album cover to travelling without moving , the artwork is similar , but takes on an JJ effect and is seen on a metal NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
indeed part of NNP 's complaint is that sir NNP and his companions are not acting like NNS by drinking and singing but like `` NNS '' in an `` NN '' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in all patients , the first two years after diagnosis have the highest risk for fatal outcome ; generally , surviving five years VBZ good control of the disease .	7	10	VBP	have	has
whether the information they verify is worth keeping is another discussion .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the remix of `` gone till november '' features r .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature
the book is now in its CD edition , and more than 400 , 000 copies have been sold in australia , canada , the united states of america and the united kingdom .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , people often have JJ NNP in which they VBP what will be happening in future encounters .	2	4	VBP	have	has
working distance is the main benefit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the debate is JJ and ben seems to enjoy these debates .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
violent conflict between the two groups creates problems in the community on a regular basis .	1	6	VBZ	creates	create
each directory is a list of directory entries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a central NN is one which can only be successfully found if the brain is involved in the response to the pain ( as opposed to JJ NNS , which can VB a result as a result of NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ action and result is a specific application of this greater principle that applies specifically to the JJ actions of JJ beings .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the song is one of the JJ elements of the australian folk repertoire .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
endorse deletion per NNP ; wikipedia is not a collection of NN or trivial information .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the state licensing authority is the florida agency for health care administration .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP city has people with different ethnicity which are known for their professional works .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
more recent studies suggest saw NN is no better than NN .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
a second point that the ash also VBZ RB is how long it takes for fine particles to settle .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the show combines elements of NNP 's film and the original novel , such as the JJ race known as the NNP , powered armor suits and drop NNS .	1	2	VBZ	combines	combine
a second NNS ' game is also launched viewers note and send via NNP the last ball of each of the two games in the episode .	8	9	VBP	note	notes
the municipality is also a part of the east NNP metropolitan area with 1 , 2 million inhabitants where it makes up the JJS part .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this study showed that intelligence levels change by NN , or historical time .	5	6	VBP	change	changes
according to an NNP official , `` the objective is to provide NN services without VBG in the main functioning of delhi metro .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in cameroon the region is more or less JJ with the north region , where NNP national park and NNP NNP national park contain some of the endangered species mentioned above .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
free educational group visits are available by arrangement .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the mexican NNP 's song is distinct from other NNS ; it is a complex NN VBD NN of NN and a rich NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
city of NNP the lake has one public boat launch , accessed through NNP park .	0	5	VBZ	has	have
the article definitely needs cleanup though .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
the NNP must report any cash transaction where the customer seems to be trying to avoid NNP reporting requirements by not filing NNP or NNP , for example .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
the NN NNP band club main aims are to promote the music culture amongst the locals of NNP NNP and to VB the external titular NNS in honour of the NN of our lady , NNP of NNP NNP , held annually during the last week of may .	6	7	VBP	are	is
having said that , i do think the info in note 1 should be more summary , considering how small the difference is between the alternatives .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
his daughter , NNP NNP is also a leading actress in the bengali film industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
next , the film goes into a NN solution .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
the fourth project , `` now and then '' is the first album to feature the JJ group as it is today .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the modern history of road transport also involves the development of new vehicles such as new models of JJ vehicles , NNS , motor cars , motor trucks and electric vehicles .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve
the NNP tribe in NN is a NN section of the NNP tribe .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the third lead is reports of human doctors and scientists being kidnapped by the NNS and being taken to the NNP orbital platform .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
such behaviour is nothing more than NN of dr newton , and as such is VBG in nature .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
note that arbcom is not asked to consider if the edits presented in this section are valid ; it is , however urged to examine the behavior of the editors involved .	10	15	VBP	are	is
print publications that VBP to NNP are NNP and index of north american geology ; NNP of NNP in geology ; and the NNP NNPS , NNP and index of geology exclusive of north america .	1	6	VBP	are	is
NNS include for example a conference on the `` role of information and communication technologies ( NNP ) in energy efficiency and sustainable development '' in NNP in 2013 .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
maybe i missed it , but the denver concert is not previously detailed .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
when placed within quoted material , square NNS are almost RB used in modern u .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the NN about the origins of this place starts with the name , because while officially known as NNP , for san pedro NNP native inhabitants the real name is NNP .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
only one president 's original full name , NNP NNP grant , forms an english word ( `` NN '' ) .	6	12	VBZ	forms	form
the article references the `` lgbt civil rights movement '' .	1	2	VBZ	references	reference
the JJ president is walter NNP , who is currently living at the age of .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
after analysis , the firm sometimes offers broad suggestions for improvement in a song .	4	6	VBZ	offers	offer
two swords cross inside the circle beneath a red NNP .	1	2	VBP	cross	crosses
many cycling races start , finish or pass through the NNP region .	2	3	VBP	start	starts
when your points are JJ , you attack the other person rather than address his points .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this recording is not professional , possibly being a mixing desk tape but probably an audience NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
freshwater species are also JJ , with the asian species at least feeding exclusively on small NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the sample on `` NNP '' is from the 1974 film `` the living dead at the manchester NNP '' by george NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP model considers a JJ population of JJ NNS of NN and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	considers	consider
his son , bill , now lives in NNP , ontario with his wife ( janet ) and three children .	1	6	VBZ	lives	live
night of the dead is a horror film written and directed by eric NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
secondly , the concept of `` the big three '' is somewhat pov and not in wide use .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
for example , the color temperature of an NNP star is about 15 , 000 k compared to an effective temperature of about CD k .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
hip NNS are very dangerous episodes especially for elderly and JJ patients .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in any case the article should be protected from editing and the NN section removed while this discussion continues .	17	18	VBZ	continues	continue
music programs include shows devoted to VB , rock and roll , folk , celtic , blues , jazz , country , NNP and spiritual music .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the high flow rate NN has a larger bore and allows gas flow at a fast enough rate for use as a NN to a demand valve .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the altitude of the mountains also drops north and south of the central ranges .	1	6	VBZ	drops	drop
this article uses the difficulty in obtaining VBN material from the max NNP society archive to illustrate what happens when key historical materials are VBN , and how NN can bring this to light .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
this utility is for asking a question of a candidate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
list of poets from NNP other things , NNP society is JJ with poetry and oral tradition .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
the federal government of the united states makes no mention of NNP ( NNP heat units ) or NNP in their requirements , only NNP .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make
the increase in NN due to the NN 's effects increases the amount of heat the body produces , possibly VBG the condition .	1	10	VBZ	increases	increase
the detective sends evidence to NNP just before his own murder .	1	2	VBZ	sends	send
unlike the section east of NNP , the extension to NNP is mostly single track .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
critics , however , note that her subjects are JJ VBG and say she appeared to be more interested in costumes , NNS , and VBG than the emotions or humanity of the people she depicted .	7	8	VBP	are	is
we could discuss this further in another afd , but right now the question is if this one was closed properly .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
kids RB need teachers and NNS who are willing to acknowledge , and encourage interaction with , the world outside the classroom .	0	2	VBP	need	needs
moreover , this elevation permits them to easily watch their sheep , which are often scattered over a wide surface .	3	4	VBZ	permits	permit
for me , the vowel in NN , pole , poll , NN , NN is not the vowel in boat , code , bone , go , show .	8	15	VBZ	is	are
this is why a lot of people are telling you that you are not putting verifiability and editing policy into practice , that your approach to editing is JJ , entirely JJ , to the NN of articles , and VBP JJ from the JJ vandals in its practice .	24	27	VBZ	is	are
when a server using NN VBG reaches the specified limit , it will VB new requests and not respond to them .	2	6	VBZ	reaches	reach
a differential equation is a relation between a collection of functions and their NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a patient with a heart NN causing a JJ NN is vulnerable to NN from smaller amounts of air .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the official shirt NN is NNP which has signed a JJ , JJ euro deal to wear NNP from 7 june 2013 against lithuania .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the major competitor to NNP is air NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
if this page is to be deleted and a few examples were put back into the article on NNP , the page would start growing too long again as more and more people add their examples .	32	33	VBP	add	adds
next , white powder is mixed with water into a paste and applied with a NN NN starting from the neck and working NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBP family is a family of NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while the JJ and systematic questions are in need of thorough study , the situation regarding the NNP is more clear .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the school has many renowned figures in its alumni ( aka NNPS ) including william NNP , a .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the image is a scan of a front cover image of a book published in 1910 , hence past the limit of copyright protection .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such blocks are contentious , may have a JJ effect on free expression , may appear subjective , abusive or JJ , and thus do more harm than good .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a railroad line also travels NN through logan township , just north of the interstate .	2	4	VBZ	travels	travel
despite NNP 's protests ( to include NNP suggesting abortion , and still wanting to see rick ) , she eventually does what her mother says .	24	25	VBZ	says	say
european law plays an increasingly large role in this work .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
a section of the JJ railway line is now a local nature reserve .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
his first victim is li NNP ( NNP NNP ) who suffered emotional and mental depression as a result of NNP 's JJ attitude .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the answer to this question has great theoretical and practical importance .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
doyle 's most recent books are the NN two NNS ( 2012 ) ; and the NNP ( 2013 ) , which brings the NNP trilogy up to date .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the bridge features an unusual design , in which the NN is built into the middle of the NN , as opposed to the bottom of the structure .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
thus , statements that have factual meaning say something about the real world .	2	7	VBP	say	says
the first book is titled perfect NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he maintains that all his NNS are JJ .	5	6	VBP	are	is
another thing which i think is telling is how the NN flies up and at the peak he is VBN out horizontal , and then instead of making a smooth JJ path landing pretty much head first he maintains this horizontal alignment pretty much throughout the descent .	10	11	VBZ	flies	fly
the NN is common in most grades , though mint condition ones are rare .	11	12	VBP	are	is
there is a version of the m and NNP NNS currently released on the NNP download station , created by user NNP , link requires NNP registration .	23	24	VBZ	requires	require
NNP , user guides and JJ videos are available on its website .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the village pump is that way .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the creative expressions club is a gathering of about 30 students with a variety of artistic interests .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the abuse claim is JJ , and so is the poll .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this approach increases the ship 's NN at key points , while reducing the overall NN weight .	1	2	VBZ	increases	increase
NNP , 1966 , page CD the NNP gothic bell tower is 15th century and was restored in either 1830 or 1930 .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the usual winner is the team or rider that VBZ the most laps with the first lap after the clock has VBN over 24 hours counting to the result , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is released with one hand on each side and the boot makes contact on the bottom point of the ball .	11	12	VBZ	makes	make
that is , an inline reference RB VBZ the fact that it is intended to , but the reference article also contains other unrelated facts that the deleting editor NNS with .	19	21	VBZ	contains	contain
if it is proven that a real failure occurs , the batch of units that were produced along with the failed unit , is then tagged for NN or repair to either verify or fix the problem .	7	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
his film credits include curse of the pink NNP , 101 NNPS and NNP games along with his NNP NN sean NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
all the bits at the output of one counter , together , represent a digital bus .	2	12	VBP	represent	represents
the museum contains rich collections of stone tools and animal fossil bones from various NNP sites in iran .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
WRB 's unusual profession brings him into contact with a wide NN of georgian era society , from wealthy and powerful east india company directors to JJ street NNS .	3	4	VBZ	brings	bring
some NNS require NNS under such supervision to VB their constitutional rights under the fourth amendment regarding search and NN , and such NNS may be subject to JJ home or NN visits , surveillance , and the use of electronic monitoring or satellite tracking .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
the result is a completely JJ and at times VBG program of material in a wide variety of styles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
your notion that any two individuals who disagree with you comprise a conspiracy is the NN by which others should judge your participation and comments here .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the coins come in clusters , and they go directly to NNP 's coin count .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
from NNP , trains go north to NNP , NNP and bedford .	3	4	VBP	go	goes
the slave NNP gives birth to a daughter despite her initial concern that she would not be permitted to suffer NN with the others , since the law VBD the execution of pregnant women ( NN ) .	1	3	VBZ	gives	give
NNP does not speak in toy story 2 , unlike the first film , and his role is more minor .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the author describes bill as a `` .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
the team represents the irish rugby football union ( NNP ) NNP branch , which is one of four primary branches of the NNP and is responsible for rugby union throughout the geographical irish province of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
this collaboration produces efficient , continuous aid to over 50 , 000 families and 200 , 000 JJ individuals .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
the axis of rotation becomes the axis of the NN .	1	4	VBZ	becomes	become
the account of NNP 's speech in the petition letter nearly matches a part of that given in the wikipedia article in versions from the time of the petition 's origin , around january 13 .	1	11	VBZ	matches	match
some NNS are given in JJ form and not only catalogue the NNS but indicate the frequency of their occurrence and the probability that one behaviour follows another .	25	26	VBZ	follows	follow
the story begins with the human characters , julie and tommy , listening to records , until their father , dan the forest ranger , VBZ them they both have school tomorrow .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the collection includes work by NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , matthew smith , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
at this time , the light is managed by the national parks service , the grounds are open to visitors , but the tower is closed .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the picture is not of the entire cathedral , it is of the area i as a photographer chose for ideal composition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the story occurs in all versions of the NNP , as well as the later sanskrit works NNP and the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
also , NNS were built , so the station is now JJ accessible .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in june 2011 , NNP was announced as the ambassador of football federation victoria 's `` united through football '' program , whose aim is to support those who have recently arrived in australia from areas such as the horn of africa , iraq , afghanistan and burma .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
x servers via the internet require a monthly fee ; running a private server is free yet has the NN that one must set it up and that the server needs to be on continuously to set up a server , server and client software must be installed .	29	30	VBZ	needs	need
his writings bear witness to his NN and culture , his power as a philosopher and NN , his keen appreciation of the intellectual NN of his age , and his NN and NN in dealing with the powerful opponents of his religion .	1	2	VBP	bear	bears
the provincial capital is NNP , one of the most populated cities in turkey and the largest and JJS port in the black sea .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school is a business and enterprise college , so business communication is a compulsory exam for all students in their final year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an alternative explanation is to protect the NNS from NNS and NNS associated with an active lifestyle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
my impression is that NNS are on a JJ , JJ basis around here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
more research needs to be done on NN 's expression and interactions in the muscle cell in order to determine its exact function .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the university offers lectures , educational opportunities , cultural and JJ activities to more than 50 , 000 undergraduate , post graduate and doctorate students by CD academic staff , cultural and JJ facilities , and libraries .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
european NNS explore the course of the lower NNP and meet the northern NNP .	1	2	VBP	explore	explores
the state highway continues west to its northern terminus at the intersection of sr CD and sr CD in the village of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
in most law journals the articles themselves only use the shortened form , the full citations for all articles sometimes are VBN at the beginning of that journals edition .	5	8	VBP	use	uses
despite its central location in the country , the NNP swamp remains relatively JJ and even today government authorities in NNP and NNP have relatively little knowledge of or effect on the area .	18	23	VBP	have	has
each affiliated school operates independently but has a formal agreement to VB to the academic policies , standards and programs set forth by NNP .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
all is well in the town for a time , but soon the messenger brings news that NNP 's walls have been VBN as a NN to burn their club .	13	14	VBZ	brings	bring
the contract 's terms remain largely JJ , though its known NNS required the JJ teams to appear and compete in every race and guaranteed their right to do so in order to VB the sport 's JJ television public that they would have a race to watch .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
this file seems to be another version of an image appeared in this ( NNP .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
a fundamental principle of system dynamics states that the structure of the system gives rise to its behavior .	9	13	VBZ	gives	give
the quantum mechanical definition is closer to the JJ concept of a JJ process , and has no direct relation with heat exchange .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i VBD , VBN but the `` actual '' NN stays the same and the NN shows the version before VBG the new version .	15	16	VBZ	shows	show
while all major characters express themselves in standard NNP most of the time , most of the minor characters were given a distinctive regional NN .	3	4	VBP	express	expresses
a search for `` NNP hunter '' returns 3 , CD results .	1	7	VBZ	returns	return
the ruins of a chapel at the original site of NNP abbey , a scheduled ancient monument , are visible to the south of the reserve .	1	18	VBP	are	is
each character in every story represents a different social position ( white portuguese man , the JJ black , the indigenous black , and mixed race ) .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent
there is another question whether the matter is NNS NNS between the parties .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this company meets both of the first two criteria listed and i would therefore RB argue that it should not be deleted .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
facilities include a NN , NNS , JJ areas , NNS , public water supply , NN trail to historical marker , and a hiking trail from base parking lot to the top of cathedral mountain and across the NN to view the valley floor and lone peak mountain .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the game opens with the game 's protagonist , carl NNP , watching the evening news .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
what great leaders are great at .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its first line is `` he VBD me by my NN neck '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i RB VBP that my writing skills are not up to your standards .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the river 's upper reaches pass over the NN plain of NNP once rather RB called NNP NNP , because of its poverty .	4	5	VBP	pass	passes
other threatened and endangered species in the creek include NNP 's NNS , NNP 's NN , NNP marsh NN , JJ NN lily , monarch butterfly , sandy beach tiger beetle , NN NN , and western NN NN .	4	8	VBP	include	includes
the college offers a chicago NNP program in cooperation with sister institutions in which junior and senior students live in downtown chicago , attend cultural events , work NNS in their chosen field , and take NN courses about urban life .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the paintings on the walls and ceiling of the temple VBP the fame and NN of deity NNP .	1	10	VBP	depict	depicts
communication between the two is JJ - wong speaks a mixture of JJ english , VBN by phrases learned from a text book , while joyce NNS in JJ youth NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
at the end of the series the decision of who should stay in chambers goes to NNP , however peter tells NNP that she can `` VB '' in their chambers .	7	14	VBZ	goes	go
when the country goes over to napoleon en NN , NNP , the count , and his family choose to fight rather than flee to britain .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
the town also hosts the annual NNP del NNP ( corn fair ) which began in 1985 .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
all NNS serve as the primary means plants use to VB light to fuel NN .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
some scholars reject NNP 's adoption of NNP as the patron saint of his JJ NN as historically and RB JJ .	1	2	VBP	reject	rejects
the stretch from NNP to NNP NN is more popularly known as delhi road because it leads to delhi .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
rules of wikipedia are to prevent legitimate content against NN and censorship .	0	3	VBP	are	is
support he shows judgment , NN and NN .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
the seat of council and major town in the shire is NNP .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the house is still private property and can only be visited by appointment and under very strict conditions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
hosts exhibit their JJ NNS and expect the same back .	0	1	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
deciding how clean the oil needs to be is important as cost increases rapidly with NN .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the JJS NNP NNS are wellington , with CD NNS in 2011 , followed by auckland and NNP , with CD and CD respectively the same year .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i think the article seems pretty good on this .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
most trains to NNP NNP station leave from track 2 .	1	6	VBP	leave	leaves
the first runner-up took the title from the winner because some reason the original winner is withdrew .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
other paintings are in the collections of brown university and the NNP carter museum in fort worth , texas .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the younger NNS are a JJ brown with some darker NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
no need to vfd in most cases , just NN on a and rfc if a dispute VBZ .	16	17	VBZ	arises	arise
the subfamily NNP is RB , as are several JJ genera in the NNP ; these all might not be valid .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS have a distinctive growth form .	1	2	VBP	have	has
program sessions on capitol hill often begin with a congressional NN discussing the roll of staff in working for a senator , a member of congress or a congressional committee .	1	6	VBP	begin	begins
his NNS are currently on display at the experience music project and science fiction museum and hall of fame in seattle , washington , and at the NNP entertainment complex in san francisco ; other NNP NN are on display in various venues .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the most famous canadian film directors are very often the real star power of their films , more so than the actors they cast .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the portraits of the queen 's NNP remaining three paintings are portraits of marie de ' NNP , her father francesco i and her mother NNP of austria .	9	10	VBP	are	is
in NNP NNP , all the pieces are chess knights .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the several large cave systems present a great JJ potential .	4	5	VBP	present	presents
an example is the NN to VB a menu .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2000 census , population of the district is 15 , CD of which 6 , CD live in the town of NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the queen 's NNP is not considered a true NN , in contrast to the king 's NNP , because the NN is either regained , or can only be held RB by black .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the adult 's skin is olive green , but retains the NN 's characteristic outlined red spots .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the first is a JJ NN which is available for all students whose parents earn under a threshold value per NN .	13	14	VBP	earn	earns
this article says nothing to prove that the middle school is notable .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the style continues to be popular in the new millennium .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the show moves from topic to topic , VBG the browns next game and discussing the opponent .	1	2	VBZ	moves	move
this editor has shown no NN to work on improving the article with inline citations ( which if that claim is true , is the thing that should be done ) and is only interested in maintaining the link to NNP consulting .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
however , the pilot also will experience NNP force , because the pilot is not a particle .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
doctor who is a british science fiction television programme produced by the bbc .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
it seems his only claim to fame is NN , and yet the article goes off on his musical NNS ( which are definitely not notable on their own ) .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
he claimed to have reached NNP on 24 september but the year is uncertain , either 1827 , 1828 or 1829 are possible , certainly he was there by 1830 .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the chief crop cultivated in this region is rice .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
in geology , the NN gap hypothesis is one of the NNS put forward to explain several instances of JJ extension that occur inland near former NN zones .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the municipality covers an area of , and has a population of CD ( as at 2003 ) .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the NNP line contains JJ and NNPS .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
one player acts as the host player and can choose between a variety of settings and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
the size of the object is the primary NN on it 's JJ frequency , with smaller objects having a higher frequency .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the territory has one of the world 's largest press industries and is a major centre for print journalism .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the support knee is bent and the other leg is extended with his NN pointed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the island is a noted site for bird watching .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not that many people edit wikipedia .	3	4	VBP	edit	edit
the team with the most points at the end of the show usually wins , but this is not always the case .	1	13	VBZ	wins	win
evidence is only that he is JJ as it is a JJ league .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the area is also one of the best places in the nation for viewing a wide variety of native and JJ birds , including NN eagles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not much is known about scott but letters kept by lady hamilton indicate that they knew each other well .	7	12	VBP	indicate	indicates
the NNP language spoken in malaysia and thailand is highly unusual in that it VBZ JJ NNS with JJ and JJ NNS without differences in other parameters such as NN or NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the party begins in the JJ section of `` new NNP '' that is governed by a council .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the park is within the NNP NNP of east province , forests in the park have never been logged .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
set in a modern environment , the game allows the player to play as both a NN and a NN , at different times , in a `` NNS and NNS '' style game .	7	8	VBZ	allows	allow
the JJ turbine wheel drives a JJ NN wheel through a common rotating shaft .	3	4	VBZ	drives	drive
the parade consists of the NNP queen , the NNP captain , many horses and NNS , JJ NNS and bands including NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
WDT sells more gets the glory , while the NN goes home forever .	9	10	VBZ	goes	go
in rural regions , some beliefs and practices tend to incorporate elements that differ from and often conflict with orthodox islam .	5	8	VBP	tend	tends
human nature is to have relationships with others but when a child is isolated due to their JJ status , it 's hard to overcome that when the status does n't improve .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the more serious news , the newspaper carries sports , lifestyle and leisure pages .	9	10	VBZ	carries	carry
the NNP NNP station is the former NNP and ohio railway station , at west front street and NNP NNP street in downtown NNP , kentucky , usa .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category obviously shows that he was n't unique .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the route crosses the NNP river and begins VBG the route RB into the center of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
keep when a fictional element crosses over into real universe , and is then found in multiple media sources such as novels , games , comics , and toys , it meets the inclusion criteria per guideline .	4	5	VBZ	crosses	cross
the concept is important to NNS , who see revolutionary waves as evidence that a world revolution is possible .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the city is now home to a JJ music and arts scene that is JJ by the city and the state of upper austria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while a simple NN might tie this to NNP as a developing project that can compete with other news organizations , the possibility also exists of news companies expanding in ways that compete with the wikimedia foundation 's other projects .	22	24	VBZ	exists	exist
his father 's name is NNP ram .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an ink object is simply a sequence of NNS , where each stroke is a sequence of points , and the points are x , and y coordinates .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the use of too much NN and a small pattern increases the difficulty of hitting the target ; the use of too little JJ produces large patterns with insufficient NN density to RB break targets or kill game .	1	10	VBZ	increases	increase
auxiliary officers who have reached flag positions equivalent to active and reserve rear NNS and vice NNS , use the term commodore ( e .	1	18	VBP	use	uses
the mayor , as the principal elected official of the town , provides leadership to the governing body and the community , and VBZ over board meetings .	1	12	VBZ	provides	provide
his ordinary life becomes full of drama when NNP , a local teenage NN , is transferred to NNP 's school .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the conversion is notable , whether it is between religions or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
national roads lead to NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
for generations hence , the villages live RB .	5	6	VBP	live	lives
some sources give his father 's name as john NNP ; others , citing NNP NNP 's NNP of painting in england of CD , suggest that his father 's name was john NNP , and that he later changed his name to NNP .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
some say that the benefits and safety of JJ NNS continues to grow , especially when children with NNS receive a lot of oral educational support .	16	19	VBP	receive	receives
the highway begins its path through south america in colombia .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
i VBD the date column , though the difference is almost JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
his NN takes the form of a NN of NNP , about whom NNP knows very little aside from the fact that he has a NN , and is making a great deal of money .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
successful events and projects include the may 2009 2nd annual NNP day , resulting in CD tons of electronic items collected , and the tiger initiative for NNP in urban settings ( NNP ) , a fruit and JJ VBG initiative across campus .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
examples include leeds city being RB disbanded and the claim that the european cup defeat to NNP munich was controversial .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the population of NNP is 4 , CD according to the 2001 census .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
picture is of some of the residence halls on the western side of campus .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the forum has CD members , CD posts and CD topics .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this figure now stands in washington park .	1	3	VBZ	stands	stand
in any case , evidence appears to show that smith did not VB to the limited NNP or south american geography theories promoted by some lds today .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the council consists of the mayor plus eight NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNS is a member of the church of jesus christ of JJ saints , and says his favorite books are the book of mormon and the bible .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the NNS are in contact with the ground .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his latest book , written with NNP NNP and NNP NNP , is international policy and politics in canada ( 2011 ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
according to the national park service , `` the route to angels landing involves travel along a steep , narrow ridge with support chains VBD RB along the route .	9	13	VBZ	involves	involve
australian patent CD [ application CD ] this patent has yet to be tested in australia .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
peter 's basilica in rome ; while the facade is a NN of the basilica of st .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the kid nation article has grown to the point where articles need to be VBN off .	10	11	VBP	need	needs
all editions carry variations for adjoining regions and local radio listings .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries
the hastings secret november 12 , 1955 bill williams , barbara NNP , morris NNP a scientist discovers a species of NNS that VBP minerals instead of wood .	16	17	VBZ	discovers	discover
curved JJ surface is the NN of the first order focus on the position on the film or NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP language , formerly spoken in the valley , is extinct .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in hungarian , the word for NN is `` NN '' , literally `` a stone that makes one NN '' .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the other thing is that i 'm really confused at how people came to VB the NN rule .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when a person is sick , the NN thinks , NNS and NNS , considering the illness not just a physical NN but also an interface with suffering and bad luck in life , believed to be brought on by the activity of spirits .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this period in indian history uses terminology that will be JJ to casual readers from other cultures .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use
however , the current popular hypothesis involves a merger of a close binary system in which the orbital JJ momentum of the companion is transferred to the primary .	5	6	VBZ	involves	involve
a NN or island light is a longer JJ NN , usually with long NN or multiple NN NNS , used over kitchen islands and NN tables .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
leipzig was a JJ city in the middle ages and the current `` ring '' road around the historic center of the city corresponds to the old city walls .	22	23	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
the article needs major cleanup to become an encyclopedic report of the technique as actually practiced .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the municipality maintains a bus stand that VBZ local as well as long distance buses .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
fundamental concepts in universal algebra are NNS JJ and JJ .	1	5	VBP	are	is
arts and crafts are traditional also , being the NNP art school ( NNP NN i superior de NNP NN ) one of the oldest ones in NNP .	0	3	VBP	are	is
i am hope the closing administrator pays attention to the merits of this page , not the accusation about my NNS .	5	6	VBZ	pays	pay
with the NN on top , its height is 102 .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
currently , the article has one reliable source ( needs multiple ) and the coverage is not substantial .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the district includes work by clarence NNP , a prominent nashville architect active in the early decades of the 20th century .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
eleanor quickly finds the hospital RB requires an NN but has little money to pay for one .	4	6	VBZ	requires	require
its main tourist attractions are its typical architecture and also the NN , with the popular `` NNP NNP '' .	3	4	VBP	are	is
soap is also sometimes used to create a dense NN in the rocket which VBZ the density of the expelled reaction mass but increases the duration of thrust .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the earliest NN NNS were JJ ; modern JJ NNS are usually NNS of JJ solutions of NN rubber , NN , JJ , or NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the basketball hall has a capacity of 3 , 500 spectators , while the athletics venue has a capacity of approximately 1 , 500 spectators .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
develops collective action organizations to be owned and controlled by project NNS where their initiatives require personal , community and environmental NN .	14	15	VBP	require	requires
all these forms of NNP are there today , but he VBD that the need of today is in doing the greatest NNP of NN and then the NN of faith .	2	5	VBP	are	is
common concerns about JJ dna testing are cost and privacy issues ( some testing companies retain samples and results for their own use without a privacy agreement with subjects ) .	14	15	VBP	retain	retains
the main JJ office is located in NNP NNP , while the provincial branches are located across the main capitals of each province .	13	14	VBP	are	is
no one VBZ JJ behavior ; as a result , the atmosphere is filled with NN , fun and joy .	1	2	VBZ	expects	expect
the dental foundation consists of teeth , muscles , and NNS in the NN ( head and neck ) area .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
ultimately , this article is redundant to christopher NNP 's political views .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
la NNP stream forms the northern border of the commune and also flows to the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	forms	form
the ferry crosses between the parishes of NNP and NNP , roughly half way between the city of NNP , the lowest NN point on the JJ , and the town of NNP , at the NN 's mouth .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
flying from edwards air force base , california , on its fifth flight , the first aircraft with JJ wings , the bell NNP , changes the NN of its wings in flight for the first time .	16	25	VBZ	changes	change
NNP NNP , writing on NNP , describes NNP as `` an artist who deals in NN and JJ NNS '' , adding that her voice `` has the NN NN of sandy NNP and the JJ NN of NNP NNP '' .	25	27	VBZ	has	have
these people are graduates of NNP university .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a JJ filter is JJ if the NNS of its transfer function fall inside the unit circle in the complex NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the river flows first in the province of NNP , and then in that of NNP , before flowing into the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
some pieces of information are n't in standard places ( e .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NN and international judges have resolved most of their differences over procedures for a planned NNP rouge tribunal , court officials say .	20	21	VBP	say	says
the president is the head of state , NNP of the armed forces , and head of the national security council .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
little pine state park is along of little pine creek , a tributary of pine creek , in the NN of the NNP state forest .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN , NNP , tells NNP of an ancient legend and NNS that the three teenagers may be in danger of VBG the story .	2	6	VBZ	tells	tell
plus , the hart family is more than notable enough to have their own page .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this reaction , called NNP , causes a fairly severe disease closely resembling yellow fever caused by NN NNS of the virus .	1	6	VBZ	causes	cause
potentially JJ choice of new name , as it is a common nickname for a JJ drug illegal in many countries .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
bypass NNS move the single point of failure from the JJ monitoring NN to the bypass switch itself .	1	2	VBP	move	moves
as provided by the article 1 , section 8 of the united states constitution , the seat of the united states government is a federal district known as the district of columbia .	16	22	VBZ	is	are
the game is consequently slower to conduct than a board NN such as tactics ii .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a common NN - which it sounds like you might be having from the statement in the original post - is that the cat is both alive and dead .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the upper boundary is NNP street , across which is the 1st ward , then martin luther king jr .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most NN sharks measure no more than long , though rarely an individual may reach ; a recorded maximum size of was probably based on the NN NN shark ( NNP NN ) or some other species .	2	3	VBP	measure	measures
NNP NNS provide some tactical NNS .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
this article also incorporates text from the dictionary of national biography , JJ volume 3 ( 1901 ) , a publication now in the public domain .	1	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the NNP NN at the NNP kirk still stands .	2	8	VBZ	stands	stand
it had the second pair of flight wings like NNS and many other NNS do .	13	14	VBP	do	does
heart cancer is an extremely rare form of cancer that is divided into primary NNS of the heart and secondary NNS of the heart .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the eastern segment of NNP 8 extends for from NNP road west of NNP the western terminus of this portion is a very narrow JJ road that becomes NN .	2	20	VBZ	is	are
despite the NN , this feature is available on the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
computer science is by nature a JJ field .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP and burns ( 2002 ) showed that not every game has a common solution , and that JJ proposals may arise .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
other VBG features include 70 to 73 lateral line scales and a total of 35 NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
my edit summaries describe the nerve as a NNP blog , because that is what the site is .	2	3	VBP	describe	describes
some NNS follow NNP of alexandria , a philosopher known for his NN , in holding that free will is a feature of a human 's soul , and thus that JJ animals lack free will .	32	33	VBP	lack	lacks
if the palm of the hand faces the NN ( i .	2	6	VBZ	faces	face
however some users want to use red for JJ messages in other NNS .	2	3	VBP	want	wants
some JJ sexual activity remains visible in the film as released , and NNP VBD a few frames of gay NN into the first scene in which a murder is depicted .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
yes , the article has many NNS which are link from NNP to other articles in wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
according to the exchange , gasoline prices are only RB cheaper because the individual stores are required to be `` competitive '' with JJ NNS .	6	7	VBP	are	is
david and joan NNP were CD young things ' of the 1920s , whose NN is to treat everything as trivia and to live lives of pure NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
rebecca NNP of georgia becomes the first female united states senator , when the governor of georgia gives her a temporary appointment , pending the election of a replacement for senator thomas watson , who had died suddenly .	14	17	VBZ	gives	give
the JJ NN inhabitants claim that this place is actually NNP city - 2 million years into the future !	7	8	VBZ	is	are
their claim to fame is being `` a JJ committee with the federal election commission '' , which i assume is a matter of filling out some forms .	1	20	VBZ	is	are
his name is NNP and he soon learns enough english to communicate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the road runs from downtown NNP in the south through the NNP county line in the north .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the four novels represent NNP 's change of style from the tradition of classic NN JJ fiction of his earlier novels to so-called JJ JJ NN .	2	3	VBP	represent	represents
the width across the NNS is very narrow and their length is less than 32 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
your site is like being a NN in a NN of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the VBG factor is the construction phase in which the building was given its present shape .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the results indicate that the playstation 3 is first , closely followed by wii .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
this current lineup brings NNP back to government leadership for the first time since 1990 .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring
the non-profit organization provides access to online , JJ education to qualified students in a JJ model in order for students to overcome geographic or financial limitations and acquire higher learning .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the NNP JJ representation of a NNP is a hollow triangle shape on the NN end of the line ( or tree of lines ) that connects it to one or more NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the user then goes away and the article NNS get their way .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go
the precise detail is especially JJ in the rendering of NNS of st NNP 's golden and blue VBN cope and NN , in the NN of the oriental NN and in the JJ and NNS visible on van der NNP 's aging head .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the limited numbers of local people who are employed in the economy enter at its lowest level , and are unable to live in tourist areas because of NN wages and a two market system .	2	19	VBP	are	is
this whole article is inaccurate and not npov but editors are refusing to allow any contribution by other editors .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the movie ends at george 's next ( JJ ) birthday party with some of his friends .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
candidates are usually 18 or 19 years of age .	0	1	VBP	are	is
july 2005 all fall down david bishop in an historical area of london , old NNS are VBN , and a journal provides a dangerous link to the past .	21	22	VBZ	provides	provide
its use in infrastructure projects dates to the development of the panama canal , and was widespread in the us oil and gas industry during the early 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
NNP reports that its dialects are RB JJ , but NNP ( 2004 ) lists NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP as apparently separate languages .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NN NNS have plastic NN around them , so the NN can VB their feet around the rope without getting rope burn and can have small modifications for NN and NN NN holds .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a single song deal is an agreement between the writer and the music publisher in which the writer grants certain rights to a publisher for one or more songs .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
today , the school owns several large buildings , including the 1831 stone newport steam factory building listed on the national register of historical places .	3	4	VBZ	owns	own
i also note that the NNP section says j .	6	7	VBZ	says	say
the party is also currently VBG for voting rights for south african citizens living abroad .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this server works with the flash player NN to create media driven , FW NNP ( rich internet applications ) .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
i feel the current license is correct .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the ship offers NNS to alaska , california NNP , hawaii , and mexico .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
arab NNS appear to have joined in on NN 's NN of NNP NNP , although still not connected with him politically .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
NNS benefit especially from american NNS so they VBP much of their resources to us officials .	0	1	VBP	benefit	benefits
NNP NNP gene of NNP ( NNP ) marks an JJ boundary .	2	8	VBZ	marks	mark
the town also has a number of primary schools including all saints church of england primary school , NNP primary school , NNP NNP primary school and st NNP catholic primary school .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
such deaths deserve to be on NNP and would raise minimum objections .	1	2	VBP	deserve	deserves
a large part of the NNP is national park .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
such negative but JJ topics are the selling points of this magazine and these have RB attracted young readers .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the zone VBZ the juan de NNP plate , explorer plate , NNP plate , and north american plate .	1	2	VBZ	separates	separate
players use their own NNS and take the role as NNS to younger NNP NNS while investigating the evil organization of `` human NNS '' known as the NNP .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
though these versions differ , we believe that the arrival of our tribes in iran VBD with the NNS of NNP khan , in the JJ century .	2	3	VBP	differ	differs
its premier championships include the world rally championship , nascar nationwide series , NNP , NNP NNP , british formula three and a host of JJ motorcycle competitions .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
canadian air defense forces assigned to NNP include CD tactical excluded fighter squadrons at NNP cold lake , alberta and saskatchewan and CD tactical fighter squadrons at NNP NNP , quebec .	3	7	VBP	include	includes
new york giants ' offense takes note of tennessee titans .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
for example , on windows , any user can easily VB the NNS on a file so that no one has permission to access the file ( including the user ) .	19	20	VBZ	has	have
the activities on the critical path by definition have a NN of zero ; however , it is always a good idea to check the math anyway when drawing by hand .	1	8	VBP	have	has
its seat is the town of NNP , which lies approximately north-east of NNP and east of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tale ends with praise for robin , who `` NN NN men VBP god .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
JJ operations are one of the key aspects of the beef industry in the united states and some other countries .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NN and one or two other things by gibson and they seem average and JJ to me .	6	11	VBP	seem	seems
some books fly under the radar for years , only for a random event to suddenly VB interest in it .	1	2	VBP	fly	flies
the roots of the oldest antarctic NN trees are over 5 , 000 years old .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the central station of the JJ capital is on the NNP line between NNP , NNP and NNP , NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the father of previous president of chile michelle NNP was probably VBN to death after the 1973 coup led by NNP NNP , a judge says .	24	25	VBZ	says	say
the canton includes part of the commune of le NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
opponents claim that NNP VBZ a JJ NN responsible for the deaths of more than fourteen billion birds , mammals , NNS , and VBZ annually in the united states alone .	0	1	VBP	claim	claims
in this area , the route passes to the south of beaver county airport before it makes a turn southeast onto NNP road .	5	6	VBZ	passes	pass
the largest centre in the riding is the city of NNP ( pop .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
results highlighted in blue are olympic NNS , those which are n't are world championship NNS .	0	4	VBP	are	is
given the mass amount of edit warring , incivility , and pov pushing on this subject , the box is JJ and JJ , and VBZ a JJ statement , all of which are JJ for templates and NNS .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the interior has its original freight elevator and open spaces .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the force covers england 's largest county and comprises three area command units .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the last appearance is the latest appearance he made in any documentation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since the sources are only being used for criticism on important musical aspects and interviews rather than statistics or other facts , i think the sources are fine .	25	26	VBP	are	is
he calls on his followers to VB him if the NN woman claims again to be his mother .	11	12	VBZ	claims	claim
the article is so badly it needs a total JJ anyway , regardless of the notability of its subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the witch almost ends up burning NNP with her NN , and so dorothy NNS and gives the witch one shoe , promising to give the other after she would VB NNP from the flames .	1	3	VBZ	ends	end
founded in 1977 , the name ( which is tibetan ) means `` divine NN '' .	5	11	VBZ	means	mean
catholic police guild members have a strong association with westminster cathedral .	3	4	VBP	have	has
if a correct NNP page turns out to be the proper outcome , i will simply move the existing page to the new name , and correctly format the NNP page .	4	5	VBZ	turns	turn
one single language , except for english , that calls it aluminum or similar .	2	9	VBZ	calls	call
the JJ imaging technique , which can be performed without the NNS of radiation exposure associated with x-ray and NNP NNS , also may help doctors detect cancer earlier than ever before , its developers say .	34	35	VBP	say	says
episodes are , however , available for VBG on NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the gallery also exhibits a number of sculptures from the dresden sculpture collection from the same period .	1	3	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
the oldest dated human road work in great britain is the sweet track , constructed across the somerset levels with wooden NNS in the JJ century bce .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the user has the option of NN with clean access again , and continuing the process as needed .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the term NNP cake is also sometimes used to refer to NNP cake which is a light NN cake without fruit .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the vehicle has six JJ flooded NN batteries , and an JJ JJ dc NN that VBZ into a standard JJ ac JJ outlet .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the fundamental criticism of the decision is that its real ground is nowhere stated in the majority judgment .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in the job VBG process , JJ NNS visit with the client company or organization and determine background information on the job to be VBN and how specifically the job relates to the company .	29	30	VBZ	relates	relate
her female characters , though , are more complex .	2	6	VBP	are	is
NNP protocol makes wide use of broadcast messages , which accounts for its reputation as a JJ interface .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
although RB faster in the worst case , their NN algorithm is not efficient in practice and is not used on computers .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
his techniques include drawing , NN and ink .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NNP soundtrack , first released in 1988 ( lp , cd and NN tape ) , features most of the score ( written and arranged by danny NNP ) from the film .	2	17	VBZ	features	feature
the medieval `` from media '' hypothesis is no longer taken seriously , and NNP has even suggested that this was a JJ issue to VB NN , but this has been likewise rejected by NNP and others .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , back in the restaurant , the NN returns to find that the girl is not there .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the history of costa rica dates back about 3 , 000 years .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
the NNP NN VBZ , and currently holds the record for the JJ mass NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	emerges	emerge
characters also get `` dirty '' over time , showing them brown JJ , and VBD for by using an icon shown as a NN head .	0	2	VBP	get	gets
his most important work is NNP NNP die NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this man escapes from a mental institution .	1	2	VBZ	escapes	escape
NN NNP users to know about this product , you seem to believe that it is because the product has some sort of virtue .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
being a losing candidate is not notable enough unless the candidate has other claims to notability so delete .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
a NNP movie is also in the works .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
large JJ NNS , stock brick and VB tall NNS are prominent features .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the collection also includes many paintings by NNP homer , one of NNP 's favorite artists , NNP NNP , and the vermont NNPS .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
NNP disputes that the relationship is as close as she represents .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
by now every admin knows that NNP is not going to change .	3	4	VBZ	knows	know
albert realizes that the class means that they will be separated from the other children in order to give them more space to learn .	4	5	VBZ	means	mean
NNP string matching algorithm has for the past week been VBG a view count bot .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
they watch amber 's armies crush the forces of chaos while the storm continues to advance .	12	13	VBZ	continues	continue
during the ride , eight cars travel a circular track with a single steep hill .	5	6	VBP	travel	travels
JJ town is famous for many private nursing home .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
progressive transformation of JJ centres , abbreviated NNP and also progressive transformation of JJ centers , is a JJ NN node process of JJ NN .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
its purposes are industrial water supply , flood protection , electricity generation , NN protection and recreation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
after hearing of NNP 's torture , lesser sends NNP one dollar and VBZ the killer to write his autobiography while secretly VBG him with NN and paper .	1	8	VBZ	sends	send
the aircraft is on public display at the museum of flight , near seattle , washington .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a further problem is that this is a user page , so deleting it may not be as simple , but the issue of it being entirely copyvio is there regardless .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since NNP was originally written using the hebrew alphabet , some words have several NNS in the english alphabet .	11	12	VBP	have	has
the road forms the JJ northern boundary of the original north oxford development by st john 's college , oxford , along with NNP road and NNP ferry road to the east .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
rod appears to contribute to ) but not here .	0	1	VBZ	appears	appear
of the metals , bronze is probably the most common , but gold and silver images also exist .	15	17	VBP	exist	exists
the town 's most famous export is NNP NNP - an irish NN formerly VBN by NNP NNP - that can be traced back to 1829 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its northeast end is at a junction with the NNP line , pittsburgh line , NNP branch , and NNP 's philadelphia to NNP main line ; its southwest end is at the beginning of the NNP district .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
perhaps the only place where he VBZ with or is in the NNS of house symbols and which element each represents .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the azerbaijan national football team ( ) is the national football team of azerbaijan and is controlled by association of football NNP of azerbaijan .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
standard NNS are 17 inch and optional 18 inch .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this method only works if you have an independent measurement of the charge of the electron which they had .	1	3	VBZ	works	work
platform 11 is an elevated platform located on a bridge running above the station and is connected by a path to NNP NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN kills 12 people and NNS more than 50 others during a midnight film screening ( location VBN ) in the u .	1	2	VBZ	kills	kill
delete subject still is not notable .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
another part of the mainstream is more JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
finally , where the NN 's collective NN agreement contains a NN clause and a NN may be waiting in the wings , the NN may seek to have the collective NN agreement RB modified or rejected before the sale of assets is VBN .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
the first stage is to get the person to do something other than read .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is unclear as yet what contribution this additional activity makes to the JJ profile of NNP and other JJ NNS that also show sigma NN .	9	10	VBZ	makes	make
but major corporations prefer to hide their JJ NN in NN .	2	3	VBP	prefer	prefers
NNP metro bus stops around NNP campus .	2	3	VBZ	stops	stop
the law provides penalties of 6 months to 2 years imprisonment , and a fine of 50 to 100 days at minimum wage , to persons who cause obvious injury to an animal , and the penalty is increased by one half if those injuries VBP its life .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
five NNS , including NNS 38 , 40 , 78 , and 80 comprise the port 's forest products center , handling NN , wood NN , lumber , JJ paper , and other forest products .	1	13	VBP	comprise	comprises
the only exceptions are students VBG in an accredited engineering field ( JJ engineering , chemical engineering , electrical and computer engineering or mechanical engineering ) , who are only required to have one cluster in either humanities or social sciences .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in this respect , i think the map has less NNP than the NNP version it replaced .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
services run from cork kent to NNP .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
in short , the NNP weapons system is in all probability a hoax .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the guests include lady NNP o'brien , VBD as `` the last human '' but actually a face on a large piece of skin that must be continually VBN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
approximately 600 , 000 people visit NNP each year and the park employs about 150 people .	4	5	VBP	visit	visits
this service lets you store documents online and access them from computers and mobile devices .	1	2	VBZ	lets	let
NNP NN details of NNS are still out of scope in the NNP NN .	2	5	VBP	are	is
most power steering systems work by using a hydraulic system to VB the vehicle 's wheels .	3	4	VBP	work	works
route CD is a two lane road that VBZ to four lanes with turning lanes and traffic lights at the NNS with route 8 and route 15 ( NNP parkway ) in NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this type represents the vast majority of american and european domestic locks , the uk being an exception where NN locks are generally a requirement for home insurance .	20	21	VBP	are	is
one story says that NNP won because many of the settlers had come from NNP , illinois .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the national map , accessed june 8 , 2011 its NNS are three separate NNS that begin in kentucky , and NN in its NNP county .	10	11	VBP	are	is
a distant branch of the river eventually leads the NNP into the sea of NNP ( NNP ) , where NNP finally corners them on the NNP islands .	2	7	VBZ	leads	lead
the JJ piece uses the word .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
its primary ability is to detect changes in the light NN and alert its user to targets invisible to the naked eye .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
otherwise , the reader has to figure out what NNP might mean .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the partition NN is the ratio of concentrations of JJ compound between the two solutions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
championship for the second successive year , michael NNP finishes his VBG driving career in fourth place today .	0	9	VBZ	finishes	finish
when visitors come to entry island , after an hour boat ride , they see more NNS or NNS ( depending on the season ) in the parking lot than cars .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
minimum recorded depth is CD m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town 's principal occupation is farming ; the varied crops selection includes NN , NN , NN , VB , NNS , NN and NN NNS , and others .	11	12	VBZ	includes	include
the judges are happy with the amount of work and innovation NNP and NNP have come up with .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP syndrome is a condition characterized by NN of the NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lake is a popular recreation destination in northwestern wisconsin , in the summer for NN , VBG , fishing , water skiing and swimming , and in the winter for ice fishing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their time in the premier division makes it no contest in my opinion .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make
the two of them have no idea how much danger they are in for as the movie takes a series of VBG NNS and turns .	16	17	VBZ	takes	take
NN NNS released from the NN by small amounts of NN on NN NN surfaces can greatly increase the amount of NN VBN by the NN , the mechanism for which process is as yet unknown .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
the most important JJ NN in patients with JJ NN of the head and neck remains the status of the JJ NN nodes .	4	15	VBZ	remains	remain
some argue that NNP is RB the acting president while the power remains in the hands of NNP NNP .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
put simply , the answer is a desire for sex .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
legend has it that as NNP finished speaking , NNP rose to his feet and asked if he was done , NNP replied `` i have '' .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
VBG on its NN budget and the NN of about 800 , 000 of the country 's citizens , the government claims the policy has shown promising results .	20	21	VBZ	claims	claim
the campus of NNP centre , NNP ( formerly NNP society , NNP centre ) is at the industrial estate , NNP in the northern direction from the heart of the capital city of NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
when considering additions we should also consider which ones will be removed , just remove them when their time is up .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia related pages are in the wikipedia namespace .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his actual form is that of a tall JJ man as seen in his ending .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
any consideration the people going down can offer is welcome , especially as their work is much easier .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
argentina NN cars use NNP CD chassis .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the sculpture JJ department contains `` modern '' sculpture .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the rationale behind the placement of images is as important as the placement of the images themselves , and one issue would not exist without the other .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
if three of you shared that work , your math sounds about right .	9	10	VBZ	sounds	sound
the system meets the american NNP CD and the european NNP NNP regulations on NN pressure monitoring systems .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
the height is JJ , as only the foundations of the JJ NN have survived .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this effect VBZ NN , producing more heat than other passive designs .	1	2	VBZ	enhances	enhance
like other ion VBZ its benefits include high efficiency , thrust density , and specific NN ; however it has very low total thrust , on the order of NNS .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
in NNP , the families of the NNP of NNP are NNP NNP , who arrived from central asia .	4	10	VBP	are	is
many people actually want to become known publicly .	1	3	VBP	want	wants
large parts of the range are part of the NNP nature reserve and are subject to environmental protection regulations .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the characters are more RB VBN than in other songs on NNS from NNP park , n .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the store features a JJ NN by pierre hardy .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
wikipedia as an encyclopedia needs to present this information in the best possible and factual way .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
as for the related mainstream topics ( for example , NNP JJ NNP NN ) , i think the policy of removing any mention of JJ ideas is a NN of the intent of NNP weight as well .	19	27	VBZ	is	are
but its no NN that the same teams keep VBG up .	7	8	VBP	keep	keeps
the area has a mild climate , due to the influence of the north atlantic NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
comment my NN is that a list of songs was put up at afd 18 months ago and the result was to delete .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as positions at NNP games are much sought after , and in short supply , this segment sees employees of NNP discussing how they got their jobs at the company with the team .	16	17	VBZ	sees	see
the risk is especially high in JJ NN for NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
arbcom case , including accusations of NN against a user with their real name ) , then yes , courtesy NN is fine .	1	21	VBZ	is	are
other characters often make reference to his previous role as the NNP .	1	3	VBP	make	makes
the symbols consist of a latin letter in a NN , printed in purple ink .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
he VBZ the song is about his mother , who died after a struggle with cancer .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS are also important to the NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the mission is to use the last chance and save the NN from total NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is because view cameras have an JJ JJ NN NNP NNS ( in the discontinued models ) are specifically designed to work with NNP and NNP systems .	4	5	VBP	have	has
VBG agents are JJ acids , such as JJ acid , used to VB formation of NN ( iii ) chains .	1	2	VBP	are	is
each province has their own number plate design and colours , as well as numbering scheme .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the park is also the burial site for 140 elderly women killed in a fire at the NNP ward of the NNP home for the aged in 1980 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the novel begins sometime after the NNS left off and is divided into three parts .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP waste energy all goes to heat , but that heat NNS as a warm spot on the ceiling , you would have been better off with led lights , and NN NNS .	2	4	VBZ	goes	go
the work `` NNP '' is a spectacular collection of VBG aerial photographs of the earth 's surface and is divided into 4 chapters NNP , green , desert and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if a sound editor uses such sounds in the context of emotional NN or a character 's subjective experience , they can add to the drama of a situation in a way NNS simply can not .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
in surprise attacks , NN and VBN by belief in tribal spells that they believed made them immune to bullets , the NNS spread terror and destruction in the whole area .	22	23	VBP	spread	spreads
the manufacturing process consists of two phases , NN and activation .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
as dennis says in his nomination this editor is a medical NN , which suggests a degree of NN and NN and ability to be helpful , and this is VBN in his edits .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NN atoms are atoms that are maintained at temperatures close to 0 NNS ( absolute zero ) , typically below temperatures of some NNS of NNS ( NN ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN particles have a diameter of between approximately 5 and 200 NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the NN 's main airport , NNP NNP NNP airport , VBZ approximately south-west of central NNP , and has connections to approximately 55 destinations .	4	11	VBZ	lays	lay
VBG , but this sort of project usually has the NN of a NN .	4	8	VBZ	has	have
the models head to a studio , where they meet NNP and NNP johnston .	1	2	VBP	head	heads
the NNP NN zone is a long NN plate boundary that VBZ the juan de NNP , explorer , NNP and north american plates .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in JJ physics , the JJ model ( or NNP model ) is an approach to the NN of electronic band structure using an JJ set of wave functions based upon NN of wave functions for isolated atoms located at each atomic site .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
for this reason , alternative NNS generally rely on NN or JJ evidence .	5	7	VBP	rely	relies
the main part of the plot takes place in 1969 , a time NN and influence .	2	6	VBZ	takes	take
albums released through united musicians are usually on the artist 's own label ; for example , NNP 's first full-length release , mann 's bachelor no .	0	5	VBP	are	is
conservative talk show hosts , such as rush NNP and hal NNP , also oppose the use of medical NN .	3	14	VBP	oppose	opposes
the museum has over 65 , 000 artifacts in its collection .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the building is by , and originally featured a full basement , NN , third floor dance hall and lodge meeting rooms on the second floor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i have tagged these with `` citation needed '' tags , and have VBN comments inside the tags to say why the statements are questionable and require sources .	22	23	VBP	are	is
morgan freeman is an actor whose main JJ skill appears to be his JJ voice .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the short legs have weak feet , when moving on the ground its NN is barely more than a NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
whether his NN is forced on him by physical means or by moral laws , whether man is JJ because he follows his unlimited sexual desire or because he is bound by the NNS of conventional NN , is quite JJ from a certain point of view .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
good afternoon VBG it on wikipedia is fine , all we ask is that the source is acknowledged .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
cord 's purpose is to provide a strong common voice VBG for a healthcare system and health policy for those with rare disorders .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the plot also bears some resemblance .	1	3	VBZ	bears	bear
clean NNS are hard to find .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for example , the objects that are studied by physics or chemistry are JJ , they are certain given things in the world that are studied without necessarily raising more general JJ questions .	4	12	VBP	are	is
the only estonian NN cases not included in this system are the NN ( which even might be called JJ ) , and the pair of JJ and JJ .	4	10	VBP	are	is
since january 2007 , the database also includes chinese characters for titles and authors of all listed works .	5	7	VBZ	includes	include
in each of these stories , the main character is man .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the JJ flying fox is endemic to the south-eastern JJ areas of australia , principally east of the great NNP range .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
true , we have many articles without mentioning the country , and places in the us are notorious for the lack of such .	12	16	VBP	are	is
rules JJ specify how the dancers receive marks in the final round .	5	6	VBP	receive	receives
this event acts as a platform for students to present their experiments and findings in the presence of highly qualified judges .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
delete , since that 's what the only guy who so far has known what the page is about says .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
by NN , the top branches form an VBG crown that stand out over all other native trees , VBG the heights of the forest .	5	6	VBP	form	forms
it is of no surprise then that NNP 's works about the NNP ss are JJ toward them .	9	14	VBP	are	is
besides , the size of the template is quite large , in my opinion .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
rachel cooper at the corner of dry grove and main street , this clinic VBZ all clients in a JJ manner without regard to race , color , religion , sex , national origin , disability , age , sexual orientation , or status as a parent .	13	14	VBZ	treats	treat
NNS earn medals for their profile page by ranking in the top 10 for a category .	0	1	VBP	earn	earns
stan NNP highlighted the curious point that media personalities so often VBP about the articles on themselves , rather than VBG NNS elsewhere .	8	11	VBP	complain	complains
this song is in the top 10 search results .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
numerous catholic JJ schools are also available .	3	4	VBP	are	is
engineers consider JJ phenomena in the design of flood protection works ( e .	0	1	VBP	consider	considers
the broadcast consists entirely of talk , a blend of current events , pop culture , and stories from the staff .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the club sells JJ NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	sells	sell
today the electronic waste NN business is in all areas of the developed world a large and rapidly VBG business .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the stadium has a statute of georgian footballer and NNP native NNP NNP in front of it .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the quality of the recording depends on many factors many of which you can not control .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
to avoid that , the french attitude is to negotiate , negotiate , negotiate , without fear of being VBN , and to work with our european friends on credible sanctions .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
her power remains a mystery , since she was blown away by just one attack from NNP .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the best known aspect of their ministry is the NNP music festival , a free , annual christian music festival held over labor day weekend in NNP , south dakota .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
well , this suggestion fails even for VBG algorithms ( VBZ the input data might already be VBN ) .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
the event presents 75 hours of music with numerous bands on 6 stages .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
specimens show up to three orders of NN .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
this will attract the attention of other users who can judge whether the contribution is JJ , and edit it as necessary before VBG it into the article .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP railway station is a stop along line 7 , with service between helsinki and NNP via NNP and NNP , where the fast NNP bullet train operates .	27	28	VBZ	operates	operate
the evolutionary response of traits that depend on NN is slower than traits that are dependent on JJ genetic components and thus the evolutionary change is slower than expected .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the new NNP tram has a JJ , JJ design .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
since intensity noise typically is proportional to the intensity , the relative intensity noise is typically independent of laser power .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this area is in the tropical rain forest with fertile river valleys , deep NN soil , and fresh fauna .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
clearly hair is the place to start .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that is why the progressive next step of limiting the block times is in order .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
outside of perry center , the NNS return as the route VBZ generally RB , serving farms of varying sizes and connecting to roads of mostly local importance .	10	11	VBZ	progresses	progress
JJ CD module is 10 , 3 JJ meters .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mountain raises to an elevation of CD metres above NN .	1	2	VBZ	raises	raise
a , or if the edits or subject matter are contentious '' .	5	9	VBP	are	is
the two countries are , as of 2009 , working on an agreement that would allow VBG such NNS for their sentences within their current country of residence without their consent ( the status NN version requires consent of the NN , which is usually not given ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
oppose the image is overall very JJ , particularly in the bottom left corner due to the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
financial aid is available to students on JJ merit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
constitutional references are always entitled `` reference re '' followed by the subject title .	1	2	VBP	are	is
randy RB throws a fit when he discovers what his son is up to and VB him to take part in the band .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the gang kills the original killer by sending their people to jail and frame NNP for it .	1	2	VBZ	kills	kill
the facility , which was one of the first JJ dome facilities in the nation , has of floor space .	1	16	VBZ	has	have
the players tell their own stories which are true , but sometimes there would be JJ stories .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells
one motivation for the use of JJ logic , rather than JJ logic , is that JJ logic has many JJ properties that stronger NNS do not have .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
in the following , the concept and notation of an ( open ) ball is the same as in the article about metric spaces , i .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
the basic idea is to figure out a way to VB its programming from multiple distribution channels rather than VBG on one or two big channels ( such as youtube or cable television ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at each level of complexity entirely new properties appear .	7	8	VBP	appear	appears
because the third dimension involves not only distance but cosmic time , JJ weak NN is sensitive not only to the matter power spectrum today , but also to its evolution over the history of the universe , and the expansion history of the universe during that time .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
a steep , 500 metre long JJ ridge bears away from the NN to the north .	7	8	VBZ	bears	bear
the best known figure 8 track in the us is NNP NNP in NNP , new york .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
according to the company 's website , NNP 's goal is `` to act as an international JJ NN ' '' , bringing a vast range of content to a global audience of different NNS , like a `` JJ tower of NNP '' .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
bronze scripts for NN NNP occasionally include an element of NN NN `` hand '' or VB JJ `` NN ; hand '' , which occurs in NN NN `` lead '' .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
this suggested that JJ and NN at high ( JJ ) NNS have different mechanisms of NN in rats .	11	12	VBP	have	has
admins make mistakes , and discussions about what we do or about wikipedia process or about the general NN can almost never be bad , in my JJ opinion .	0	1	VBP	make	makes
NNS and the JJ parts are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is
it is most likely she is norwegian , as the book claims this to be the original homeland of all NNS .	10	11	VBZ	claims	claim
my new name is more appropriate for my wikipedia pages .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the summer they were 16 and 15 their father convinced NNP NNP of the austin blues club NNP 's to let his sons RB sit in with the evening 's performers .	22	24	VBP	sit	sits
a NN ( 2005 ) is an NN of ancient tamil poems VBN partially in english by american NN stephen NNP and performed by the budapest symphony orchestra .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
copies are the only objects within NNP environments that are VBN in full detail , everything else being produced with varying levels of NN , JJ compression , and VBG at all times .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the flowers are bright yellow in color and have a diameter of JJ mm .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this , for example , from NNP systems , where the term seems to be used in the NN that the reader is familiar with it , rather than as a JJ JJ NN .	11	12	VBZ	seems	seem
i further note that no one seems to have VBN the NN .	5	6	VBZ	seems	seem
in effect , the electrons travel along the lines of force , although RB , in detail .	4	5	VBP	travel	travels
the route soon crosses into the town of hartford and becomes a mix of rural and residential NN , reaching the hamlet of east hartford .	1	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
strong delete - absolutely nothing to indicate that this software package passes the general notability guideline .	10	11	VBZ	passes	pass
another highlight of their success is their performance in front of the NNP athletes in 2002 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the author is a NN of many photography competitions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for NNP NNP , the player to the left of the dealer leads to the first trick and each player must follow suit if possible , otherwise may play any card .	11	12	VBZ	leads	lead
NNP 's research fields include media economics and policy ( which also covers the internet and other new media ) , institutional NNS of law and regulation for communication industries , and universal service policy and formal models of communication processes .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the volcano is about in diameter at its base with a rough volume of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
students in the program have the opportunity to meet JJ israeli officials .	0	4	VBP	have	has
the cia denied the allegations , claiming they never performed any experiments , and saying `` the report is just wrong '' ; however , the u .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the article NNP ( NNP ) contains some thoughts on this matter .	1	6	VBZ	contains	contain
the initial storm water is often highly VBN with the VBN NNS from dry periods .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
their NNS are compatible with the half jin NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
because the truth is , i want a copy of this one .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the guitar lands onto the floor and VBZ into leaves at the end of the song .	1	2	VBZ	lands	land
one particularly important finding of his research is that it is clear that NNP did not VB , as is still popularly believed , in the region of the NNP capital NNP , but almost certainly somewhere considerably further north in central peru .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
i 've been accused of edit warring on this topic , which i may be guilty of , but the underlying issue here is the various forms of NN that are going on .	21	23	VBZ	is	are
this understanding means NNS will be one of our best admins and i look forward to his contributions in the admin areas .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
NNS has appeared on several television programs devoted to discussing politics , popular culture and current events , however he says he does not consider himself to be a political comic .	13	20	VBZ	says	say
the only real reason for episode guides is to let someone VB their skills by writing about a subject they know .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
keep the topic seems to be notable enough , even though the article needs to be improved .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
famous JJ players include count NNP and NNP michael .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
its NN rank is only CD , CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
starting in 1983 , the band plays power pop heavily influenced by bands such as the who , the beatles , the rolling stones and the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	plays	play
a version by john lee NNP in his own style appears on variations on a theme .	1	10	VBZ	appears	appear
we could go on making NNS and NNS for years but the core truth of it is that this is a significant improvement on the existing document .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
they also might want to look at the instantly archived page of NNS where some unknown user VBZ you of coi .	16	17	VBZ	accuses	accuse
for this model , the NN area remains constant and no mass is added within the NN .	6	7	VBZ	remains	remain
the tank museum has its early origins in a study collection .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
because NNP 's heat generating powers prevent her from close contact with others but NNP 's powers mean he is completely JJ by heat , an intimate relationship was possible .	16	17	VBP	mean	means
the station has two tracks , with two side platforms on either side of the station , connected by an NN at the south end of the station .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the difference is that this is merely that same image , not creative cover art .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in most towns of its size in honduras , the primary streets are paved .	11	12	VBP	are	is
brian NNP said that since the novel VBZ on the themes of the soul of the robot , it was less JJ than much of NNP 's work but `` still a NN to read .	6	7	VBZ	builds	build
the last restriction on catholics preventing them from VBG into the royal family remains in effect .	2	13	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP 's successor as legislative NNP is his former first assistant , NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if the slope of the local landscape is shallow enough - then it may be possible for a few generations of JJ animals to survive despite not being so great as the others and VB across that shallow genetic valley onto the slopes of the higher peak .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
your own source says exactly what was written in that article .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
which VBP a particular object takes is loose and somewhat arbitrary .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
JJ NN 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the action in NNP takes place in one of these large caves , where inhabitants from all races such as NNP , NNP , NNP , humans , etc .	1	4	VBZ	takes	take
the scene likely represents some type of NN , but the roles being played by the two figures are not clear .	11	18	VBP	are	is
current artists include NNP wayne , drake , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP maine , NNP NNP and NNP NNP among others .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP ( although i think that policy is a bit unclear .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
present NN is to VB events VBG during the JJ parts , or when introducing a character .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as in public elections , NN votes are particularly prone to fraud .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NN 's intention is to make JJ songs which mixed a variety of genres , with steve marker saying that the band wanted to `` take pop music and make it as JJ NN as we can .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this film , written and directed by philip NNP , has a modern NN spin on the tale .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
the table below shows the recent population of these statistical areas and the 36 counties of oregon .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
some scholars argue that NNP was impressed by her intelligence and NN and based his character NNP in the NNP on her , while others suggest that NNP was in fact a historical figure .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
popular recent songs include NNP NNP NNP , NNP di NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
my version is the one that 's right , its decided .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the three set off , though , NNP makes up an excuse as to why she can not continue , but it is really because she fears NNP .	3	9	VBZ	makes	make
note this is not the first time he has done this , , on my talk page or on others .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this forum here is not for carrying on the argument from the afd .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
if multiple similar drugs are available or if even generic drugs are available , this gives them JJ VBG power on what drugs they choose to purchase ( and NN ) and at what price .	10	11	VBP	are	is
he is not the NN that the JJ cartoons make him out to be .	8	9	VBP	make	makes
the area of NNP is well known for NNS , vintage , and NN clothing .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the park 's woods are home to VB and other wildlife .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a protein starts VBG before the chain is complete maybe due to the VBN environment in which it is translated .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
lord NNP school has a building dedicated to the study of languages and the school specializes in the study of english in particular .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
count me among those that thing that the objections involve making mountains out of NNS .	8	9	VBP	involve	involves
the musical score is by NNP NNP , with lyrics written by NNP NNP , and songs performed by german communism 's star ernst NNP and famous american actor , singer and activist paul NNP who also VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the most unique aspects of NNP and the JJ project are the algorithms it VBZ to conduct PRP ' removal .	3	10	VBP	are	is
outside , the ruins of the nave and south JJ remain as they were , along with the base of what is thought to have been a chapter house .	3	10	VBP	remain	remains
the trail passes several monuments , large and small , the earliest dating from 1815 , as well as patrick ferguson 's grave , giving a good sense of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
but people of all beliefs come to seek answers and NNS of NNP NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	come	comes
NNP NN , common name `` the common NN snail '' , is a species of JJ land snail , a terrestrial NN gastropod mollusk in the family NNP .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
this category includes volleyball players at the 1992 summer NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the funeral of diana , princess of wales takes place at westminster abbey , london followed by a private burial at the estate of the NNP spencer in NNP , NNP .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take
dishes served in a NN are often prepared in it inside an NN .	0	5	VBP	are	is
whether the story is true or not , it identifies NNP as a chief of the NNP , dating NNP to the NN of NNP NNP NNP ( consul CD bc ) , when the NNPS were defeated and scattered , for the most part VBG north italy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as NNP removed all those tags , his complaint is rather a NN point .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS are in a higher register than NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the play is an account of coming of age in small town ireland , told by three young men .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this effect is weak compared to the exchange interaction and is difficult to VB from first principles , although some successful NNS have been made .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
cook park runs along the eastern and southern border and the beach VBZ from NNP point to NNP bay .	11	12	VBZ	stretches	stretch
i have sourced multiple times why my view is a majority view .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
so the trouble begins , one minute [ NNP and claire ] are good friends and the next , they 're really not .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
in general , the intermediate NN tends to be well developed , and may equal the remainder of the JJ NN in size .	5	6	VBZ	tends	tend
the winner also gets a NN in the copa do NNP as NNP NNP are allowed five , the other four go to the top four NNS of the NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	gets	get
the mechanism by which NNP VBP a toxic effect is unknown and is currently being studied by a number of research groups .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
could perhaps be merged , but this school has at least a couple of notable alumni and merging in the NN references might VB up the NNP article .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
in general , it is not the admins who are `` getting away with '' things when these circumstances arise .	18	19	VBP	arise	arises
another major field of action is the NN , both within the political and institutional personnel , in france and at the european level ( european council , NNP ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
most other sources cite 16 february 1965 .	2	3	VBP	cite	cites
the article in question is about dr .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this garden is complete with walking paths , a fountain , NNS , a stream , a JJ and VBG made from RB conscious materials from around the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main principle is to distinguish in diagnosis the primary and background diseases , as well as their complications and accompanying NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP beach has a great sand , and the forest is one of the best in albania .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the name VBZ from early NNS who sustained these injuries when the car JJ while the NN was VBG to start the car .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
the actual post count is higher than CD , 000 - NNP has been VBN and VBN twice , we have had NNS of old topics before and two months of posts were lost due to a technical error .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
my username on NN is NNP ( this is my real first name ) , and i would like an account on wikipedia also with this name .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
another local independent school is NNP school , a catholic NN school .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the book even includes NNS and letters that tell their own stories only RB related to the events in the main narrative of the book , and even includes NNS for fake books .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
JJ NNS in solid lumber are hell to drive .	1	5	VBP	are	is
a large part of mickey 's screen NN is his RB JJ , JJ voice .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the NN of NNP 's play , the book references the thomas mann novel doctor NNP , which is about a composer named adrian NNP who intentionally contracts VBP .	11	12	VBZ	references	reference
if after deleting an interval from the tree , the node containing that interval contains no more intervals , that node may be deleted from the tree .	13	14	VBZ	contains	contain
the critical issue here is then to what extent can a local NN analysis a la NNP in the immediate neighborhood of a poor estimate RB represent a large region of uncertainty .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the present annual floods of NNP cause routine damage to NNS , livestock and life .	3	6	VBP	cause	causes
NNP generation is JJ and even very challenging problems in their solution of JJ moving or JJ boundary problems and is RB JJ and often RB JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
coi that the editor obviously has .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
the JJ NN NN 2 ( NNP ) also known as NN carrier family 18 member 2 ( NNP ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
it occurs to me that i 've never seen an example in which tone is part of the condition .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
these block houses serve as NNS to a regular NN of four sides .	2	3	VBP	serve	serves
but he was RB aware of the policy on NN , having brought a case himself , and thus his behavior is hard to understand .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , a fictional alternate history novel by NNP NNP , NNP 's reign is the point of NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
if this list is not JJ , nothing is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VB it to say that tax change essentially tries to say that grass is red .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNS will VB just downstream of the diameter change , and a region of separated flow occurs from the sharp corner of the diameter change and extends past the NN NN .	12	16	VBZ	occurs	occur
another landmark is NNP united church .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these extensions allow NNP to run completely out of band of the data plane network .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are CD and NNP , whereas its two products are NNP and co .	16	17	VBP	are	is
thus the required set is in l .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a NN of several months ' growth covers ( perhaps VBZ ) the lower part of his face .	1	7	VBZ	covers	cover
i know that my nature is weak and limited and that god 's is NN , JJ , and infinite , and , from this , i can VB that he can do JJ things whose reasons are unknown to me .	36	37	VBP	are	is
the sister NNP NNS are a series of mystery novels and short stories by peter NNP ( pseudonym of peter NNP ellis ) about a fictional detective who is the eponymous NN of a series .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these two situations are RB similar .	2	3	VBP	are	is
while edit summary is correct that sourcing is desirable , this should not be difficult to find , and is no excuse for nine reverts .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the issue is resolved when it is revealed that NNP 's mother is pregnant and the baby will be a boy ; NNP is revealed to be a girl to everyone else and her JJ brother will become the heir to the throne .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
maybe deleted if the new copyvio policy VBZ that , but the person is very notable .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS increase reliability as there are many fewer electrical connections to fail .	1	2	VBP	increase	increases
if the NNP equation is a universal equation for fundamental NN particles , then any fundamental NN particle must VB to this equation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
admin NNS exist so that wikipedia contributors can turn to admins when they feel their own efforts at VBG a dispute are not working .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the key literary texts for the study of norse NN are the prose NNP by NNP NNP , the NNP NNP by NNP NNP and the poetic NNP , by an unknown writer or writers .	3	10	VBP	are	is
the NN continues onto the main facade 's two NNS .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
things grow more complicated after her NN NNS .	0	1	VBP	grow	grows
the manuscript also contains a copy of NNP of NNP 's NNP NNP NN ( NN .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
perhaps the most acclaimed items are the JJ JJ glass NNS , which are mostly swiss .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the small beach has a pier used by NNS , for diving and VBG .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NN is sandy and JJ and it contains coal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP technology seems to be going after the possibility for ai while the JJ technology seems to be more for medical purposes .	15	16	VBZ	seems	seem
the campus offers a range of activities from NN , after school clubs , art sessions , sports centre groups , computer sales and NN , training including NNP and JJ business NN .	15	18	VBP	centre	centres
the idea is to use JJ NN to VB the NN of f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP things 2 do before you die .	1	3	VBP	Do	Does
fair use rationale for the special NNP is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
however , if NNP 's judgment is accurate , it is probably not worth it , because the article would need to be started from scratch .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in chile , summer holidays start in NN and end in late february , with students returning to school in the last week of february or the first week of march .	4	5	VBP	start	starts
cell NNS include NNP , NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NN 's target is to provide commercial NN products .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
often the mine crosses to another leaf , where the corridor becomes somewhat wider .	10	11	VBZ	becomes	become
elements of the bbc tv drama NNS are not the only fruit were also filmed on location in NNP .	0	7	VBP	Are	Is
the large JJ glass wall VBZ the temperature by slowly heating the ground floor through summer .	4	5	VBZ	regulates	regulate
one belief is that the word comes from NN , a tribal style of NN from indonesia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( president of jerusalem 's university of the holy land ) points out that the NN of these names suggests that the probability is much lower .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the village has many bus stops along NNP around and is served by route NNP and the newly introduced CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the city also has JJ rural areas and a beautiful natural landscape , with a rich heritage of portuguese and german immigrants .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the population is JJ diverse with almost three out of every four residents providing multiple ethnic groups in the census .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the plan is on a 3 years basis for each individual , VBN in an apartment NN by a NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the station also has an array of NN shows .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the activity suggests a connection between these editors .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
its highest point is NNP NNP ( 24 meters high ) , situated about three kilometers from NNP 's al NNP , the southeastern cape of the island .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this allows the NNS of the different horses in a team to be joined together , VBG the number of NNS the driver has to manage .	22	23	VBZ	has	have
a supply ship is expected in a few weeks , but the ship is late .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's predecessor is the liga b , which became the third division when NNP was created .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ cells often make up part of NN .	1	3	VBP	make	makes
half or quarter NNS VBP the same way .	3	4	VBP	behave	behaves
my name is NNP NNP and i was doing some research on my uncle NNP NNP who i was told was one of the original NNP men .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP is the subset of the NNP where the species actually occurs .	10	12	VBP	occurs	occur
the registration NN is a JJ or JJ code that RB identifies the vehicle within the VBG region 's database .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the british rail class CD is an electric multiple unit ( NNP ) train , which operates exclusively in the NNP partnership for transport network in west central scotland .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
one day he happens to rescue a woman in NN from some NNS and finds out that her name is NNP , who resembles a JJ NNP , who has gone missing .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of the NNP NNP at 3 NNP is to focus on culture as a center for cultural exchange between bavaria and the united states .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the only source is from the book itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
create class of users that can have social networking NN is my proposed solution to this issue .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the area has several fields surrounding it .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the opera ends with general NN .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the clubs reserve team , the sc NNP ii , plays only one level below the first team , in the NNP .	3	10	VBZ	plays	play
what this article seems to want to be about is not its JJ subject , but rather a collection of the several conspiracy theories that have VBN up to explain military defeats .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the JJS part of the town is mostly farm land , though it is slowly being developed .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in the JJ environment , companies must know how their offering helps customers , that is other businesses , become more JJ .	10	11	VBZ	helps	help
fair use in blind ( single ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the show takes place around a NN on the beach .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the primary advantage is the NN of the simulation , it uses relatively simple mathematics to VB hits .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the date of construction of these NNS ranges from the 15th to the 19th century .	1	7	VBZ	ranges	range
in spite of the appearance of mario on the cover , only the first song on the album has anything to do with the super mario franchise .	14	18	VBZ	has	have
NNS include a wall plaque dated CD and an NN ( small shrine ) dated CD .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the book contains detailed descriptions of the policy instruments , such as tax NN and NN , which will be at the center of the NN process .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
his main focus is in the history of medieval and early modern science , especially physical science and the relationship between religion and science .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article appears to be a JJ description of a controversy involving a living person .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
this bias is natural and JJ , but it needs to be taken into consideration here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
terminal professional doctoral degrees are not academic research NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these stations sit on top of the terminal buildings .	1	2	VBP	sit	sits
the town centre is on the river and NN , around the original harbour , NN and beach but it VBZ back from the coast and up the steep NN in the NN of typical welsh coastal NN of steep green hills and sheep farms .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS are endemic to eastern north america .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this size allows adequate storage for necessary NN equipment and still give you a good turn of speed in comfort and safety .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
in 2011 a blog and video posting by amateur straight guys shows a performer allegedly stealing money from its employer .	6	11	VBZ	shows	show
the word literally means `` blown out '' ( as in a NN ) and refers , in the buddhist context , to the JJ NN of mind after the fires of desire , NN , and NN have been finally VBN .	1	3	VBZ	means	mean
i would like to be represented as a party , especially since my edit to the article NN ( completely separate article ) got reverted and the history indicates this started a revert war between the parties involved in this one .	27	28	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the library offers a teen club meeting and sponsors a NNP for reading NN .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
i find it interesting that the reference you found says he represented NNP up to CD , even when he died in CD .	6	9	VBZ	says	say
in radiation analysis a surface is defined as smooth if the height of the surface NN is much smaller relative to the NN of the incident radiation .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
the breast star has a copy of the badge of the order on a star of eight rays , with distinctive spaces appearing between each NN of rays .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the black team wins the challenge .	2	3	VBZ	wins	win
NNP , md , has suggested that NNP NNP 's behavior in the film is consistent with a diagnosis of NNP personality disorder .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
for example , as of january 1 , 2007 , new york state requires that new NNS complete either a NNP , an NNP or a specialty NN prior to receiving their dental license .	16	17	VBP	complete	completes
greater striking forces cause greater NN .	2	3	VBP	cause	causes
the RB arranged leaves are linear in shape , 1 .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as is true of many immigrant families , the immigrants often speak spanish and some english , while their children are JJ english speakers because they were born and educated in the u .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the district contains nine properties , including the gothic revival style NNP baptist church ( 1899 ) , NNP school ( CD ) , NNP community cemetery , and a concentration of historic NNS and related NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP in major numbers have converted to NNP ( or NNP ) , the youngest religion in bangladesh that VBZ much of their old ways .	16	20	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit
this form of NN is JJ in NNS , most NNS , and many JJ trees .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
gray horses over JJ are especially prone to developing NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
JJ modules are designed so that they can be VBN 180 degrees , so the layout design is flexible .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
NNP glass such as bristol blue glass is popular with collectors , and is used in the distinctive blue NNS of harvey 's bristol cream NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
explosives have damaged the soil , but the bridge is still intact .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS carry information from the primary motor NN to the JJ NN nucleus in the JJ NNS , and the JJ projection then carries that information to the JJ NN via the middle JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries
NNP climb more specifically refers to the elevation of NN of the NN , caused by combined NN from multiple shots being fired in quick succession .	1	4	VBZ	refers	refer
his children are the sixth and final generation of NNS to live there .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the summit area ( NNP mountain ) contains the NNP and high peaks areas , on either end of the summit ridge that the cloud trail follows .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the distribution of the extremely fine but very `` rough '' particles , all electrical connected to each other , gives an NN body with an extremely high surface per volume leading to a very high JJ NN .	1	20	VBZ	gives	give
when the minnesota vikings are on a winning streak , some sports writers refer to the state minnesota as NNP .	12	13	VBP	refer	refers
the two cities make up the core of the NNP metropolitan statistical area .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
many comics have a specific editor NN a specific story , who is JJ to a `` group editor '' who may be responsible for a number of titles , perhaps linked in theme .	1	2	VBP	have	has
this division counts major network operators and service providers among its customers .	1	2	VBZ	counts	count
the NN of this approach is a loss in quality , which causes image content to become JJ and VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
most of NNP 's correspondence with british and continental NNS is in the library of the royal NNP society , other parts are in the hope department library at the oxford university museum of natural history .	21	22	VBP	are	is
in the australian parliament , members of the upper house are senators , and members of the lower house are members of the house of representatives , or NNP for short .	5	10	VBP	are	is
the magazine covers auto racing , auto shows , vehicle trends , reviews and automotive lifestyle stories .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
data models provide a structure for data used within information systems by providing specific definition and format .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
NNP 's theory is NNP '' ) -- and anything short of that can be `` VBN '' as not qualifying .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
rfc my experience with those is not positive , usually you have to wait forever and when somebody finally decides to comment it 's some JJ JJ advice which the other side is very likely to ignore anyway .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this derivative stub is a redundant NN of pretty little NNP , a relatively short article which already covers the series .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
such JJ NNS include NNP VBP NNP and the species p .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
however , the picture on the pieces gives the puzzle something of the nature of a NN in addition to being a combination puzzle .	3	7	VBZ	gives	give
the majority of information learned about his character comes from the NNP NNP , which elder simon finds in the NNP monastery .	1	8	VBZ	comes	come
talk page guidelines seem to be completely ignored by the aforementioned user .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
VBG anthropology , volume 15 number 1 , CD ( 2007 ) NN of a neighborhood occurs when the neighborhood has a high degree of NN , and then attracts an NN of investment and JJ physical renovation and an increase in property market values .	19	20	VBZ	has	have
NNS point out that many people hold JJ beliefs , for many reasons .	5	6	VBP	hold	holds
immediately following canadian idol , drew VBD together a band under the name fall and divide , which `` comes from the state the planet is in right now and also from the separation from the NN of canadian idol .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
delete the ( unreferenced ) article text itself admits that the subject was VBG rather than established .	5	8	VBZ	admits	admit
despite this NN , provided an appropriate NN pressure and water supply , NN NNS are effective for any ground fire situation .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the board is responsible for the european gaelic football , hurling , NN and ladies ' gaelic football teams .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS 's theorem is true for the real JJ plane , for any JJ space defined RB from a field or division ring , for any JJ space of dimension JJ to two , and for any JJ space in which NNP 's theorem holds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the line is fourteen kilometres long , of which four kilometres is on street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use for image in rabbit NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the rest of our discussion shows , however , that the book does not support your claim that the canadian flag is based on the republican NN .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
the case has been officially closed after many different NNS investigated it , but after the many NNS of the investigation and JJ versions , the controversy continues .	26	27	VBZ	continues	continue
in the london painting , all the forms are more defined , including the NN forms of the JJ figures .	7	8	VBP	are	is
in baseball , the uniform number is a number worn on the uniform of each player and coach .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the film VBZ NN and inclusion in japanese society .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
the final reaction of NN , the formation of NN , occurs in the NNS of the JJ NN , where NN is VBN by NN to produce NN .	2	11	VBZ	occurs	occur
it is likely that his request is simply a means by which the two of them might get around the NN of domains and continue the promotion of alleged christian NNS , particularly those of jason NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the origin of the name comes from a native south american language .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
some of the advanced placement classes that the school offers include NNP , biology , literature , language , and u .	8	9	VBZ	offers	offer
his teaching style and research also VBZ the social history of art and interactions between architecture and ritual .	2	6	VBZ	embraces	embrace
these NNS are black , with JJ yellow NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the mall has 2 buildings near NNS place metro east , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
students attend middle school at canton middle school then move to NNP high school .	0	1	VBP	attend	attends
nick 's intentions are JJ but NNP does not VB staying in the bay and puts some distance between them .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the reason these NNS VBP in NN but not NNS under artificial light , is that room light does not contain the NNP ( short NN light ) found in NN .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the municipality consists of the villages of NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
a NN line is a secondary assembly line which provides parts for use in a primary assembly line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
after passing through the NNP lake dam , the stream passes through the city of NNP , where it joins the NNP fork .	9	10	VBZ	passes	pass
such ideas are at the origin of the some of the racial NN in colonies and former colonies , including the united states ( where after the american revolution , NNP has been VBN by NNP ) , australia and south africa .	1	2	VBP	are	is
but i doubt that many people concerned about human behaviour towards animals believe in such an JJ right to life for every creature .	5	12	VBP	believe	believes
the NNP NNP , considered a JJ NNP text , VBZ much discussion to VB in business , and the role this plays as regards character development in general ; see for example NNP 11 .	20	22	VBZ	plays	play
NNS ' NNS feature , JJ NNS named NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
the article right now is a mixture between his and my versions that tries to strike a balance between what he wants and what i want .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
however , work is underway to add CD NN simulation to the NNP engine .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
rule 6 then sets out how the representation of the people act 1983 is to apply to JJ polls again with a series of NNS , NNS and exceptions .	0	3	VBZ	sets	set
native aquatic animals in the stream include NN , freshwater NN ( NN ) , giant NN , VBN and VBN NNS and freshwater NNS .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
this picture shows supporters of NNP independence in NNP also with NNS supporting independence .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the freeway section ends east of its interchange with u .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
in the end credits scene of the season one episode `` debate CD , '' he appears as `` NNP 's NNP , '' playing NNP in one of his films and performing the spanish rap from the end of `` spanish 101 '' with `` NNP 's troy .	9	16	VBZ	appears	appear
like candy NNS , JJ pipes allow children to VB adult NNS .	5	6	VBP	allow	allows
partnership NNP managers are also responsible for VBG NNS at the NN stage to VB whether ideas are likely to be JJ .	16	17	VBP	are	is
without adequate sources this article is not encyclopedic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the size of this container varies , according to how your heart has been expanded or VBN in your life so far .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary
sovereign '' is the JJ episode of the NNP television series sons of NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
every two or three months , the club hosts `` small talks '' , educational and critical discussions on relevant topics of public interest in croatia , europe and the world .	7	8	VBZ	hosts	host
the entire game is in japanese .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but today , a lot of NNPS comes in france again , mostly in provinces cities like lyon or NNP .	4	7	VBZ	comes	come
in several locations their is NN that this combined system is specific to humans ; yet there is additional NNS referencing JJ JJ - skeleton systems .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
VBG discussion over to user talk pages or other venues is at bare minimum a gross violation of the spirit of a topic ban .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
various events featuring famous writers , composers , NNS , politicians , members of parliament and other public figures contribute to the spiritual renaissance of ukraine , VBP people and VB them with JJ NN .	1	19	VBP	contribute	contributes
simple accounts often suggest that experimental molecular orbital NNS can be obtained by the methods of JJ NN NN for NN NNS and x-ray NN NN for core NNS .	1	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
this is why the article is original research - it uses in universe elements to suggest that is something more than a product category .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the railway system VBZ a large amount of freight to and from the karachi port apart from providing passenger services to people travelling up country .	2	3	VBZ	handles	handle
that message is that the filing of voting cases like the NNP brown and the NNP cases would not continue in the obama administration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a powerful wizard , who lets no one else forget it with his constant NN , NNP is the one who finds and RB takes NNP on his quest .	2	9	VBZ	forget	forgets
khan 's research explicitly VBZ to the field of medical , nuclear physics and engineering .	2	4	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the more family tomb is a grade ii listed building .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the issue i have is with leeds , which is listed as NNP in the list ( at position 22 ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the eventual goal of most businesses is to make profits and increase sales .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the area also has many automobile industries .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
JJ locations already appear to be discussed within the episode descriptions .	1	3	VBP	appear	appears
i still prefer to risk such activity and attempt to first engage in dialogue , as sometimes even NNS respond well to respect -- but not always .	18	19	VBP	respond	responds
the other editor has a 2 day block now for edit warring it .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
a jump , taken or not takes two NNS .	1	6	VBZ	takes	take
the enzyme VBZ in the NN of JJ c , an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
put the book aside , and the subject still seems to be someone the media has VBN repeatedly as a climate science JJ .	7	9	VBZ	seems	seem
this little bit of extra care is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN date is either CD or CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a related vegetation type is NNP granite NNP , a vulnerable NN type that occurs to the east .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the only NN is his NN , NNP , who is VBN with winning the heart of his NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
principal topics are linux and open source .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a NN atom moves slowly relative to a hydrogen molecule of the same JJ energy .	2	3	VBZ	moves	move
the sources being used are terrible sources for factual statements .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the question asks about editing conflicts , however , and there have been several .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
according to 2000 census , population of the district is 11 , CD of which 4 , CD live in the town of NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the VBN man chooses not to press charges for fear that he will be VBN to his family .	2	3	VBZ	chooses	choose
this friend 's wife is a NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
VBG township is one of the eleven townships of lucas county , ohio , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
during those times when students and faculty are not on the air , NNP VBZ the signal of national public radio affiliate NNP in nearby sharon , NNP .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the flag derives its design and colors from the coat of arms , which is in the center of the flag VBN by a solid black ring .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
NNP 's love affair with one of the school 's NNS , NNP , remains a secret .	3	14	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP fc 's new den stadium is also within the boundaries of the seat .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
while some parents choose to send their children to catholic schools in NNP and the act .	2	3	VBP	choose	chooses
the date of his episcopal NN is uncertain , but most likely it took place between the years 400 and CD ; indeed the NN surrounding his life has not been entirely VBN by the most JJ NNS of historians .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP , which sounds like a reasonable project , until you see what the members actually do .	14	16	VBP	do	does
the first episode in which flanders and his family were prominent is season two 's `` dead putting society '' , which also contained the first appearance of NNP and rod flanders .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP has further suggested that `` JJ '' gene models of psychiatric disorders , and the hope that we will be able to VB JJ psychiatric NNS by `` VBG nature at its NNS '' solely as a result of gene discovery , are JJ .	9	43	VBP	are	is
NNP 's attraction to her remains mutual , however .	2	5	VBZ	remains	remain
another reason is that wikipedia is guided by the ideal of a neutral point of view ( npov ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP has stated that the number one goal of her court show is to send the message to the public to do the right thing and that each individual must take responsibility for their actions .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the earliest work is a late 15th century NNP , a fine example of the influence of byzantine style that was the origin of this form of russian sacred art .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each player has a minimum number of tricks called a target .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this is your personal opinion , to which you are entitled , but personal opinions are not relevant material for articles on wikipedia .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the NN consists of a black letter `` u '' printed on a white background , centered over 5 stars divided into two lines .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
higher pressures increase heart NN and NN of JJ tissue growth ( NN ) that develops within the walls of NNS .	1	2	VBP	increase	increases
the principal inhabitants of NNP are the devils , JJ creatures of pure JJ evil ; the most JJ variety of devils are the NN , a race which effectively rules the plane .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the movie shows his dead body as the NNPS retreated from NNP city .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the process of NN NN is similar in its NN effects , although it occurs after NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the winner receives an advantage in the following elimination challenge .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
however , the sports car can not be purchased until the player reaches rank b ; VBG the player CD NN just for the body .	11	12	VBZ	reaches	reach
the gap created between real NNP and potential NNP is the consequence of inflation , this is one of the reasons this type of gap is called an JJ gap .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NN grew up in NNP and NNP hill , spending summers in martha 's NNP , where his family has a house .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
the dance involves the use of NN NNS as NNS .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
her JJ NN is a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name days for NNP are february 19 ( germany ) , april 7 ( sweden ) , november 14 ( slovakia ) , september 18 ( poland ) , march 31 ( finland ) , may 3 ( hungary ) and october 13 ( latvia ) .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the problem here is multiple NN .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the problem here is that this takes an experienced and aggressive NN , and encouraging such NN is n't likely to make good politics for wiki .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a blue roof is a roof design that is explicitly intended to store water , typically rainfall .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the idea would be that astronomical object articles tend to include a list of alternative NNS .	7	8	VBP	tend	tends
the sources give a complete account of the hotel origins , construction and history , and it is VBN to a lot of JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
his mother is a secretary in the local high school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles related to the scientific , legal , and social recognition of a man as someone 's father .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the engine VBZ a robert NNP NNP electronic engine control system and a NN sensor .	1	2	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
such an entity may be JJ , but if so , perhaps the idea of the individual NN as the unit of consciousness is also .	13	23	VBZ	is	are
a dictionary definition is an opinion , though often an expert opinion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the center offers guided walks , after school workshops , family programs and programs for schools , NNS , NNS and other groups .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the mayor , however , has a RB NN as NNP media frequently cover the mayor 's appearances and statements .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
NN standards are widely recognized as having better long-term stability , whereas hydrogen NNS can VB superior JJ performance ; therefore , several national standards laboratories use NNS of NN standards and hydrogen NNS in order to combine the best attributes of both .	25	26	VBP	use	uses
this actor has exactly one role ever and the film was only released a month ago .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
games tend to be characterized by isolation JJ ball handling moves and JJ slam NNS and NNS .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
this route is a replacement of a portion of NNP 5 , which was replaced by u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most important item in JJ life , after religion , is the cultivation of the JJ crop , the JJ which provides food , NNS , fuel , VBN drink , and animal NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
this page provides organized and VBN links to resources that might be useful in providing information , citations , and images to help build the various articles about virginia subjects .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
JJ acid ( from latin NN , IN tree , from the NN of which the substance used to be obtained ) is a JJ acid , a type of JJ acid and a beta JJ acid .	1	22	VBZ	is	are
another model of NN , NNP curriculum , simply offers student a choice of NNS but requires demonstration of learning in order to pass the assignment .	1	9	VBZ	offers	offer
its source is lake NNP ( ) near NNP NN NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
half of it is tax cuts , and quite JJ tax cuts do n't work .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
most common law NNS avoid all this confusion by holding that one VBZ a contract and VBZ a NN ( i .	3	4	VBP	avoid	avoids
i would greatly appreciate any response just so i know that this idea has been read and considered , but would be especially interested to know if this idea has potential for being incorporated into the features of wikipedia .	28	29	VBZ	has	have
the town 's members of parliament are ryan NNP , who was elected to the house of commons in the 2011 federal election in the riding of st .	3	6	VBP	are	is
i think another way to have dealt with a problem like that is to talk to the user , maybe using better comments and words .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
in the vast majority of cases , however , the defense put forth for crime is that the evidence supports the claim that the defendant committed no criminal act at all .	18	19	VBZ	supports	support
an important feature of NNP folk songs is the JJ function .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a marker VBG a NN service which john wesley gave after his first arrival in georgia is also on the grounds .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
but NNP phones are to be offered to NNS , to operators and to other NN NNS to be sold under partner 's brand .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the statement `` widely recognized as the JJS blog in the state of wisconsin '' is particularly problematic .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
the album features production by NNP banks , mike NNP , rick rock , studio NNP and tone NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the NNP stereo NN system is a method of capturing stereo sound .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the primary JJ structure of NNP is NNP ( c ) ( c ) .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
it was mike riley 's final season as the teams head coach .	9	10	VBP	head	heads
the population of the village is 60 persons .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
any charge may be VBN of a fur , though NNS occur RB in german and nordic NN .	10	11	VBP	occur	occurs
the original script for this episode includes a scene in which NNP and blue VBP their spectrum pursuit vehicle ( number CD ) at a village shop is included on the cd release of the captain NNP and the NNPS NNS .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
all contracts give rise to personal rights and duties , so that a right which VBZ from a JJ NN is JJ only against the other party to that NN .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
as can be VBN from the title , the collection is in honor of NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
most larger dc motors are of the `` NN '' type , which have JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as the patient becomes more stable , they may move to a rehabilitation facility or remain in the acute care setting .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
since the second of these is the first but with the negative regions above the JJ , these two NNS have the same value as they bound the same area .	19	20	VBP	have	has
most children of secondary school age in the area attend marine academy plymouth ( formerly NNP community college ) in the nearby ward of kings NNP or bus to one of the JJ grammar schools or one of the many other community colleges .	1	9	VBP	attend	attends
if it were , we would refer you to dispute resolution because content disputes are not something resolved here .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the secret identity of doll man , `` the world 's NNP NNP , '' is research NN NNP NNP , who VBZ a formula that enables him to VB to the height of six inches while retaining the full strength of his normal size .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
while the NNP NNP engine is free of charge also for commercial use , licensing of the included bass sound library is required .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the formula VBZ the number of inches in a foot ( 12 ) by the rate of twist that the barrel has .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
his philosophy , NNP is a JJ viewpoint that aims to explain the physical earth .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
delete per nom , blog appears to have started last week .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the interior has a nave and two NNS , all cross VBD , separated by JJ NNS in NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in many NNS , VBG occurs head to head and the male may simply transfer NN to the female .	5	6	VBP	head	heads
johnny NNP at first thought this was an JJ NN into his friend 's affairs , but later came to understand that all parents and adults take an active and JJ interest in the lives of the young people in the community .	23	26	VBP	take	takes
no one seems to be reviewing this one , so i 'll VB .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
r article has a table of different russian varieties - none has a yellow tip .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i believe that those specialists are much more neutral then editors ( or even professional historians ) from involved countries , who while may have more content knowledge then your average JJ from different country will also tend to be much less neutral .	4	5	VBP	are	is
substantial use of commercial JJ parts is part of the design of the vehicle , including a NNP drive train ( NNP diesel engine and an NNP series automatic transmission ) and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the road ends in a NN which was known as the NNP 's corner NN before but has been VBN as `` dr NNP NNP NNP ( NNP ) '' .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
at this point the river reaches the western side of the NNP NNP mountain , and makes a wide , JJ turn to the north .	4	5	VBZ	reaches	reach
spanish interaction is a NN of JJ tensions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP hotel occupies the southern tower of lincoln square .	2	3	VBZ	occupies	occupy
after the first NN is taught the student receives a NNP NN .	7	8	VBZ	receives	receive
i note that your account is very new ( you have been editing about 2 weeks and have fewer than 50 edits ) - NN is generally reserved for established users so we can make sure common names will be put to good use .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i request that scientists come and discuss the topic , but they are not the only NN who are entitled to voice their opinion .	3	4	VBP	come	comes
the stream flows from lake NNP to jenny lake , a distance of approximately .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
irc gets fast responses , and is mostly not about wikipedia , and the NN list has a bigger audience then most talk pages .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
this provision allows for teams to be established , not only to compete against one another but also to give teams ' car creators to show off their cars and VB where they sell those cars .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
i have not seen evidence that a medal is a ticket out of the war .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the characters NNP henderson , john NNP and terry `` the NN '' fields also represent different stages from his younger life .	13	15	VBP	represent	represents
the popular 88 series NN exit devices still manufactured by von NNP have similar appearance characteristics to the original design , although significant engineering changes have been made .	6	12	VBP	have	has
i also note that NNP files are in many cases more convenient for use with NNP and are in almost all JJ cases of better quality than NNP images ; i know that NNP and NNP can make them , and i suspect that the others can as well .	5	6	VBP	are	is
knowledge institutions and NNP play an active role in the sector .	1	4	VBP	play	plays
a NN graph is a graph whose NNS can be represented by points in the NNP plane , and whose edges can be represented by simple curves in the same plane connecting the points representing their NNS , such that no two curves VBP except at a common NN .	42	43	VBP	intersect	intersects
i think the ac system has proven basically sound so far ; its only problem is it 's RB slow , as it finds its feet .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
she refers to the belief that life is the pursuit of absolute freedom and pleasure .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
his research interests include NNP theory , NNP analysis , and probability theory .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
citizens exercise this right through periodic , free , and fair elections held on the basis of universal NN .	0	1	VBP	exercise	exercises
in autumn the days become shorter and the nights longer , yet they are still warm enough to stay outside , so one is more likely to notice the moon .	3	4	VBP	become	becomes
another benefit of NNP NNS is that they can be applied in a quick , JJ manner which enables rapid transport for trauma patients .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the use of the term NN follows a suggestion in da costa 's 1980 NN NNP NN os NNP da NNP ( see da costa and NNP 1994 ) , in which he explored possible NNS for what he called `` NNP NNP '' .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow
the day includes various activities such as NNS , the NN challenge , flag football , JJ and the chain of command relay race .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the story answers many NNS surrounding the NNP , a perfectly preserved IN NN measuring about six feet square discovered in 1949 in a royal JJ tomb with a man , a woman and nine horses cut down in the prime of life .	1	2	VBZ	answers	answer
ranges without automatic target NNS sometimes have concrete NNS where personnel can VB and replace targets .	0	6	VBP	have	has
as NNP NNP claimed responsibility for the NNS , its spokesman NNP said that `` more attacks are on the way .	16	17	VBP	are	is
its home base is NNP , puerto rico , and they play at the juan NNP NNP stadium and they will play in the puerto rico soccer league in 2010 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
quote from met NNP summer of 1976 is by now a firmly established reference point for discussion in the uk of contemporary hot spells .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
specific elements include NN , NN , NN , silver , NN , NN , platinum , gold , and mercury .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the counterpart to the NNP in the united states air force is the combat systems officer ( NNP ) , VBG the previous roles of NNP , weapons systems officer and electronic warfare officer .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
fire VBZ one quarter of the town of montreal , quebec .	0	1	VBZ	destroys	destroy
the original author of the piece is of no consequence if the material is npov and the subject is notable .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the book 's title comes from the lead essay , which argues that JJ theory always results in a politics of JJ control because it is founded on revolt against the JJ structure of reality itself .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
regardless the controversy on NNP , the archaeological NNS connect the culture of inhabitants with chinese origins .	8	9	VBP	connect	connects
fully VBN VBG machines are flat VBG machines that produce custom JJ pieces of a VBN NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this board is here for admins to resolve incidents , not for you to VBG mud at each other .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the scene itself , filmed on 14 march 2008 , involves NNP kennedy ( played by NNP thomas ) who is working for an unnamed party group and her much older boyfriend stephen james ( NNP NNP williams ) having sexual NN .	1	10	VBZ	involves	involve
indeed , the banks of the river itself constitute a green corridor along the city .	3	8	VBP	constitute	constitutes
in the first equation , the dependent variable is assumed to be affected by values of the independent variable RB far in the past , so the number of JJ NNS is infinite and the model is called an infinite distributed JJ model .	27	31	VBZ	is	are
i know ) its members are supposed to be representative of their own states - the entire body is not expected to be representative of the country as a whole , as the president is .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
the mixed member proportional system , mentioned above , has some JJ winners and some JJ winners .	4	9	VBZ	has	have
the improvement also comes from increased integration of components on NNP compared to its NNS .	1	3	VBZ	comes	come
the programme , which airs on NNP 12 , follows a group of reality tv personalities for ten weeks .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow
in generic NN , a test NN is all the things that must be in place in order to run a test and expect a particular outcome .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
first , NNP 's followers generally view his additions to the body of NNP as the practical NN to marx 's original theoretical contributions of the 19th century ; LS as they apply under the conditions of advanced NN that they found themselves working in .	4	6	VBP	view	views
the only true way to VB the amount of NNP in indoor air would be to use source control methods in which potential NN sources are either removed or limited in use .	24	25	VBP	are	is
fair use in NNP na NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the work has 43 chapters organised under 13 titles .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
besides the development of his theoretical concepts his book contains sections on the `` techniques for the JJ diagnosis and brief therapy of NNS '' and about CD references on which he based his ideas .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
articles tagged with the new page template are still eligible for speedy deletion .	0	7	VBP	are	is
adult females typically give birth every 19 to 23 months , assuming the prior infant survived to VBG .	1	3	VBP	give	gives
the company is into creating interactive and educational mobile applications and has JJ intelligent games like chess and NN into the sphere .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name for the towers derives from the fact that they were constructed from the NN of old structures built by the romans ( german NNP meaning NNS or NNS ) during their occupation of the area .	1	5	VBZ	derives	derive
no matter what the actual discussion says , some closing admins have allowed their personal view to VB and act at all costs to see that JJ cats are eliminated , despite the fact that discussion did not support such elimination .	5	6	VBZ	says	say
the `` memory remains '' music video ( directed by paul NNP ) features a NN , NN concept .	6	13	VBZ	features	feature
this NN is accurate and verifiable by many reliable sources including financial post , winnipeg sun , ottawa citizen , cbc canada , and i could go on and on as this is a huge story in canada .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i tried to add him but it says the page has errors .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
when a full quote is written , the quote marks is placed outside the NN .	8	9	VBZ	marks	mark
the story features characters loosely based on great players of those days , along with some fictional characters .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the cat stops the board 's rotation and VB his neck , and then VBZ himself from the board .	1	2	VBZ	stops	stop
accordingly , the `` JJ data support the interpretation that the JJ valleys are tunnel channels VBN and filled with NN .	12	13	VBP	are	is
her ability is to sense when an enemy is approaching , and while she VBZ the player , the monster is visible as a small yellow dot on the map whenever it is nearby .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
notability the article tells us three things about mr .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the council meets the 3rd tuesday of each month at CD .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
NNS argue that the evidence for ancient NNS comes from supposed NNS in historical and archaeological records , and they also maintain that absent or incomplete NNS of historical or archaeological data point to the existence of ancient NNS .	4	8	VBZ	comes	come
well , the article says 120 of both NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
a JJ curve is a continuous map of the unit interval onto a unit square and so a ( NN ) NN maps the unit square to the unit interval .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
still NNS from VBN JJ dry cleaning operations are JJ NNS .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the NN now has one plate with more negative charges than positive , and one plate with more positive charges than negative .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the NN cone is the smallest volcano in auckland , reaching 30 m above sea level , and has a shallow crater over 30 m wide .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ power plant has a total installed power capacity of 94 mw .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the two clubs compete every season in the italian NNP white NNP has a rivalry with the serbian backed NNP white eagles due to the NN of the two clubs .	2	3	VBP	compete	competes
garcia monument and park ; the location of which is the birthplace of this JJ son of NNP who played an important role during the JJ movement and more so when he became the 4th president of the republic of the philippines .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS need to `` construct '' meaning for themselves .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
con el FW de la FW SYM - la NNP NNP ( although the information is about santa NNP f .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the system also VBZ the school curriculum , where in many cases , students in years 9 and 10 and 11 are in the same subject NN option groups .	13	21	VBP	are	is
clients get to use a specific NNP certification logo .	0	1	VBP	get	gets
the project also includes the definition and implementation of a specific pilot adaptation program supporting the maintenance of environmental services in the las NNP NNP including the NNP watershed protection .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
emotional attributes of the dances include both NN and joy .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
this first film shows workers leaving the NNP factory .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the manor includes a large granite gateway , adjacent to a massive vault of a beautiful gray color .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this form of spin uses the NN of VBG small circumstances out of proportion to get a certain reaction from the public .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
the level of difficulty ranges from `` JJ '' exercises to JJ research problems , providing a challenge for any reader .	1	4	VBZ	ranges	range
the name is also sometimes VBN as NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the south arcade remains from the 11th century , the NN from around CD , and the building was substantially rebuilt in the 13th and 14th centuries .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
the parish also includes the hamlet of little NNP .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
this is because the plant grows a very small NN , which makes JJ seed distribution very JJ .	4	5	VBZ	grows	grow
the trap NN consists of NNS which contain a JJ catch mechanism .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
one example is disco NNP , the first JJ dancing lp record , which was released by spring records in october 1974 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in summer when NN ( NN ) cloud is present , in the late afternoon the sea NN occasionally reaches the area with a JJ change of wind to south and an increase in NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
those rfc tags are disruptive , but so far , you are the only person to think so .	2	3	VBP	are	is
memorable appearances include his fight with NNP as the mexican NN NNP in NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the film is an NN to horror films of the 1970s and 1980s , VBG the style of films of that era using filming techniques and similar technology to what was used then .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ibn NNP 's commentary on the forty NN of NNP ( NNP ' JJ NN NN ) is the largest as well as generally being considered the best commentary available .	3	17	VBZ	is	are
in words of more than two NNS , the stress is on the NN NN when the NN contains a long vowel or RB , otherwise the stress is on the NN NN .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the NN position by NNP suggests that any human society and all human activities such as science , art , or philosophy , are defined by their history , so that their essence can be sought only through understanding that .	2	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the average household income in NNP is above that of the city at large .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
designed as larger , more capable counterparts to the , they set a standard for french destroyer design until the NNS .	6	11	VBP	set	sets
the stub needs to be expanded , however .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the climate is a dry tropical one , with strongly pronounced NN and dry seasons .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP writes , `` spiritual NN is that process by which the NN NN at the NNS and progress of the self upon the spiritual path ; an act by which its very nature VBZ the self .	33	34	VBZ	denies	deny
the object 's methods typically include checks and NNS specific to the data types the object contains .	15	16	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP 's shadow is NNP , a pink monster who can stretch its arms out and even turn it into NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these mice have eight JJ NNS , four JJ , two JJ , and two JJ .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the relationship between the characters and food is another recurring theme of the series .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
such articles and templates already exist .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists
many , many editors who see these notices assume they should address the concerns , and the original person placing the template will return and remove when the conditions are met .	3	8	VBP	assume	assumes
the castle VBZ the harbour and although JJ 14th century in construction , the tower dates back to CD and the visit of james iv to the western highlands .	9	15	VBZ	dates	date
a short distance after this junction , pa CD enters NNP and heads into more JJ areas with a few residences .	2	12	VBZ	heads	head
merge with NNP if there is anything to merge , if not then delete .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
when the twins explore the NN , they discover that the properties of time are altered inside , and the NN may explain the NNS of their NN .	2	3	VBP	explore	explores
all the clubs which have ever been crowned champions are still in existence today and all take part in the top three NNS of the english football league system - the football pyramid .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the princeton copy of the NNP bible seems to have been decorated by a different artist to the giant bible .	2	7	VBZ	seems	seem
in twenty years of development , and two decades IN of NNS , the only common thread is surely the NN that any artist , in any field , must VB towards .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
its county seat is wisconsin rapids .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the creature asks NNP to come with them , join them in the adventure , but NNP can not find the courage .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
the bridge connects NNP island with NNP island .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
the thin trees are typical of the JJ school and of NNP in particular .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the nature civilization bases itself on survival .	2	3	VBZ	bases	base
first , because the committee exists ( no need to create one ) , and they already have a role of oversight .	4	5	VBZ	exists	exist
the play begins with NNP approaching the merchant and telling him that he will RB serve him if the merchant gives him a pot of NN NN and three new NNS .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the title of the episode is a NN spoken by walt ( bryan NNP ) during his encounter with NNP ( louis NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the essay has NNS , but it makes a thought NN point .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the disease is highly JJ and is spread through the NNS of infected dogs , who usually shed the virus for six to nine days , but sometimes for six months following infection .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
check if the url language is the same as the current language .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
because these games occur in an alternate universe separate from their CD counterparts , characters exclusive to these games are listed here .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
the family NNP has no NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the glacier is approximately long and separated from the much larger boston glacier by an NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment -- this article is a JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 2003 film the core , loosely based on the novel core , tells the story of a team that has to drill to the center of the earth and VB a series of nuclear NNS in order to VB the rotation of earth 's core .	2	13	VBZ	tells	tell
images of the swimming championships are available on picture australia and at the NNP museum .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the film is silent NNP ( 1993 ) !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town is approximately four miles south-west of NNP and 20 miles south-east of chester .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main attraction in the town is its museum with exhibits related to NN and other local activities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
voice search is a type of NN system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the company applies total quality management and six sigma ( CD ) NN .	1	2	VBZ	applies	apply
therefore it would be RB that those references are just `` mentioning briefly about him '' .	7	8	VBP	are	is
facts take on their meaning by being embedded in frames , which VBP them relevant and significant or irrelevant and trivial .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
many other languages provide this feature .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
this type of happiness is personal and can be stronger than CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
his biggest NNS are his reliable heading , careful passing and his tough NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP province rural commune CD CD 77 CD CD residents live in the center called NNP , and CD residents live in the center called NNP ; CD residents live in rural areas .	9	10	VBP	live	lives
a delta iii class submarine called NNP sets the stage for the action to the doctor who episode cold war .	4	7	VBZ	sets	set
his current club is fk NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main purpose of the site is for information management by VBG the gap between information management and information managers .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
when she takes on the job of VBG a NN 14 year old ( NNP song ) from NNP to hawaii , the generation gap conflict provides plenty of NNS , but a sense of danger is also introduced , making it an JJ trip .	25	26	VBZ	provides	provide
the lack of an enclosed engine room means that engine heat does not contribute to keeping the boat warm and there is VBN space above the deck area .	1	7	VBZ	means	mean
the route then turns northeast , turning back east to follow the same line of NN it originally followed in NNP .	1	3	VBZ	turns	turn
his responsibility is to VB the NN with questions and topics unrelated to the NN and the NN has to reply to his questions and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
state of revolution is a play by robert bolt , written in 1977 .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ issues are not a reason to delete , no matter that someone has not yet done it .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the principle is that wikipedia editors should contribute on the basis of improving the project , and not the promotion of a subject and especially not a viewpoint within the subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP energy transfer between the nitrogen and the carbon dioxide molecule causes JJ NN of the carbon dioxide , with sufficient efficiency to lead to the desired population NN necessary for laser operation .	2	11	VBZ	causes	cause
the coi issues remain , of course .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
it does not matter how JJ a list like this is , it is still RB , totally useless .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of factor levels comprising a single treatment are so chosen that their responses are JJ and hence each treatment gives a unique piece of information .	14	15	VBP	are	is
major communities that highway 3 passes through are prince albert , NNP , and NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the is a JJ organization whose purpose is to VB all evil and suffering .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the sun 's magnetic field leads to many effects that are collectively called solar activity , including NNS on the surface of the sun , solar NNS , and variations in solar wind that carry material through the solar system .	4	5	VBZ	leads	lead
teams have to race together for the entire distance of the race , looking after each other and their equipment .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the earliest feature of the church is the circular norman font , the lower part of which is formed like a JJ with JJ NN above .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
small NNS are good raw or VBN on the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
deposit is a confusing word and there are plenty of people who want it to remain that way .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
d articles stand inside `` an editorial VBD garden '' in which the contributions of independent editors who are interested in the article improvement are not welcome ; one editor described put this across in the statement `` i do n't assume bad faith .	13	24	VBP	are	is
in addition , if the NN to make a particular joke is too much for you , you can put it in the NNP ( as said ) or even straight into NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
his field of research is the changes in the perception of identity and social environment as evident in the intellectual discourse in syria during the third decade of the `` JJ movement '' CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the base is at and the summit at for a vertical rise of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
over 400 teams enter each year .	2	3	VBP	enter	enters
however , the version of the song used in the film is much shorter .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the logs have no entry for a rename involving ryan ( the logs start from mid july 2005 ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
no general greek historian fails to point out the influence of terrain on the development of the NNS .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
it indicates whether the action continues for some time or ends in a given moment .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the old parish church of san pedro de NNP , now in ruins , is a late NNP church , and was originally dedicated to san salvador .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
in this case a metal NN is JJ to a NN because its NN cut helps to ward NN and JJS NN .	14	15	VBZ	helps	help
survivors of human trafficking and torture have diverse medical issues , many of which have never been previously addressed .	0	6	VBP	have	has
the freeway enters the NNP city limits after the interchange as it continues towards the east to the NNP interchange with loop CD .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
the school attracts many fans to its events .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
RB , the largest bacteria are just about visible to the human eye .	4	5	VBP	are	is
similar mechanisms are standard in many programming languages today .	1	2	VBP	are	is
many bbc shows end up on dave ( tv channel ) or gold ( tv channel ) .	2	3	VBP	end	ends
VBN finishes give the NN a JJ look and are created by VBG a material ( similar to NN ) against the metal , leaving `` NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
the team currently has a total of CD staff .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the mayor is NNP NNP NNP and has been the mayor since 1991 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think the famous comparison is the one that states there are more NNS in our visible universe than the number of NNS of sand of all the beaches on earth .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the comment above has no strong argument .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP has a minimum threshold whereas obviously the higher a NNP score , the more two documents differ .	16	17	VBP	differ	differs
NNP and NNP can be considered as sister villages due to their close proximity but the origin of their names can be attributed to the apparent NN of the landscape ( official maps are proof of this ) .	32	33	VBP	are	is
an ensemble of actors for the series then takes these NNS , and the program 's writers and actors create a short NN which is acted out with minimal NNS , costumes and a NN key NN ( the NN green screen of the series .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take
users can register as an artist or fan - the key difference being that artists upload their work to the site while fans are there to listen to the results .	22	23	VBP	are	is
not all tree structures are JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these rules for pronunciation of individual letters are common as far as the 22 letters that match the iso basic latin alphabet are concerned .	1	7	VBP	are	is
just 1 hour on the way is the town of NNP , a key tourist attraction and also a main destination for NNS riding down from NNP during the winter months .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS now can be found in both street corner NNS and in mass organisations with thousands of members whereby their leaders often have close connections with the political NNS .	20	22	VBP	have	has
NNS in apartments also pay their rent .	0	4	VBP	pay	pays
a limited company is a company in which the liability of members or NNS of the company is limited to what they have invested or guaranteed to the company .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that being said , the JJ bond , although a conservative investment , is highly JJ to a loss in value due to inflation .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
a model construction vehicle ( or engineering vehicle ) is a scale model or JJ toy that represents a construction vehicle such as an NN , crane , concrete pump , NN , etc .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
modern examples of JJ keyboards include NNP ( using NNP 's original mapping chris NNP , the NN of NNP , JJ NNP for pc and palm NNP with a NN miniature VBG keyboard called NNP which VBZ to both left and JJ users , being CD .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
observers receive blood NNS VBP training and are certified in basic NNP .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
in this stage friends that one would have individually meet and social groups combine .	12	13	VBP	combine	combines
NNP railway station is a railway station serving the NNP area of edinburgh in scotland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the gift returns to record their 5th album NNP and invite ken nelson [ NNP , NNP , kings of convenience , badly drawn boy to produce the album .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
a NN on the airfield contains about a dozen historic aircraft , which are still JJ .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
for terror bombing of a large population center , a miss is generally still a hit , when the desire is just to set paper and wood homes on fire and kill civilians .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
only thing is , i could n't figure out an article to put it in .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
without any awareness of the NNS of wikipedia editing they are `` allowed '' to add into mainspace the NN of rough NNS and the result is speedy .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the temple tower is 60 m tall .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film at times uses double JJ NN , where the audience VBZ both will 's and marcus 's thoughts .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
this class also displays low NN at room temperature , but offers significantly higher temperature resistance and RB better electrical properties at high temperatures to VBN NNS than the JJ JJ NN NNS .	1	3	VBZ	displays	display
NNP NNP and NNP NNP are the most popular turkish clubs ; both sides have large NNS that follow them in domestic and international matches .	13	14	VBP	have	has
this image , entitled `` major general NNP NNP '' , is almost identical to a portrait entitled `` colonel NNP '' that is owned by descendants of the reverend john NNP , NNP being an JJ version of NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
other landmarks include smith place , built in the early 20th century and the site of carter 's store , home to the first settlers west of the NNPS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
since new york state consists of of JJ lands , rangers are busy NN .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
another crime theory used in regards to crime NNS is neighborhood theories .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
a fabric is a textile material , short for `` textile fabric '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i realized that your article is no longer an article for deletion .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
every admin knows what that means and it would VB them to check what references were actually in the article by checking in edit mode .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know
the user , who is probably a kid , edits various articles primarily centered around NNP , such as NNP 's NNP NNP movie , NNP to you too !	1	9	VBZ	edits	edit
former names include usa NNP railway NNP , NNP railway NNP , NNP railway NNP , NNP railway NNP , NNP electric railway NNP , NNP electric railway NNP , NNP water power electric company NNP , NNP NNP electric railway NNP , and NNP railway NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
others VBP against whatever individuals are willing to exchange for it .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP ritual is less JJ than the NN and NN NNS , and literally means `` alliance '' or `` relationship '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the design of the NNPS is extremely ambitious , and because of its coverage of historical events of the same era , has received comparison to NNP 's war and peace .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
it is reportedly very common for new NNP and players to feel there is too much scope to the setting , and it is advised that players find a single region to concentrate on before moving on to JJ games .	26	27	VBP	find	finds
in the beginning of the twentieth century , there was also a train stop by that name , that mainly served the ( still existing ) railway works to the right of that bridge .	26	27	VBZ	works	work
even after this , the general education level among the villagers is still very low with most people educated up to primary level , with a few to middle school level and no efforts have been made on the part of villagers or the administration to change this .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the five most commonly awarded undergraduate degrees are in economics , journalism , communication studies , psychology , and political science .	6	7	VBP	are	is
women have two x NNS , one of which is `` switched off '' .	0	1	VBP	have	has
in the comic NNP in tibet the characters land in NNP and spend some time there before heading towards tibet .	7	8	VBP	land	lands
the NNP mountain chain , which forms the border with cambodia , is in the south of the province .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the fruit is a NN JJ cm long , containing JJ seeds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some examples are controversial , like abortion , immigration , and the death penalty .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in 2004 the NNP public library conducted a poll that suggests that the CD line is a controversial subject for some members of the community .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
keep if the goal of wikipedia is to produce an encyclopedia of information relevant in 100 years , then here is someone who is known 300 years later .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
their diet consists mostly of different species of fish , NNS , birds and mammals .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the school also hosts a JJ special education department , known as its exceptional children program .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
like other awards , it is given in isolation , not in group , because the whole purpose of the award is to assess the NNS individual capabilities in par excellence .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
problems are common and take days to correct .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the fact that he thinks , not only that this is possible , but that his youtube audience may be able to make some NN where researchers with JJ NNS have failed , suggests that he might not have the best NN on reality .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
when i called the reaction artificial , i was referring to the fact that kurt is an extremely sensitive subject in NNP , especially when a candidate mentions his name without being prompted to do so .	26	27	VBZ	mentions	mention
this article is about the village of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his recent published translation is french law on compensation for NNP of contract .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the company 's products are predominantly designs for aircraft of VBN wooden construction , covered in aircraft fabric , hence the name of the company .	3	4	VBP	are	is
personally , i draw the line at whether the source article is a JJ wikipedia .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
although grammar , NNS , JJ , and other language characteristics often vary RB with accent , the word POS ' may refer specifically to the differences in pronunciation , whereas the word `` dialect '' encompasses the broader set of linguistic differences .	34	36	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
only references are social networking sites .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the road runs from NNP 's NNP to NNP and it is CD kilometres long .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
a notable exception is the use of small JJ NN projects , known as cool roof , in which the colour of NN or VBG surfaces can be VBN to reflect solar radiation back into space .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its most popular issue is the annual `` rating the suburbs , '' which VBZ which communities in greater cleveland are best suited to live in based on values such as quality of schools , proximity to hospitals , crime rankings and home values .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , a woman is VBN for possession of NNS that her son planted on her , one of three people shot JJ survives , and NNP 's daughter VBZ to VB because his ex ca n't face him at the wedding .	28	29	VBZ	threatens	threaten
in the high frequency case , if NNS approach each other , an additional screening current flows in their surface , and expressions containing y become invalid .	7	8	VBP	approach	approaches
the north NN is original late norman , as are two JJ windows , one each on the north and south sides of the nave towards the west end .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP this article is a stub and needs a lot of work .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ illustrations of actors and NNS are in volume i which contains CD pages .	1	6	VBP	are	is
my questions remain -- - please discuss on my talk page since the nominator has dropped ( below ) .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
traditionally , JJ people try to obtain his favor , as the god of time and destruction , to prevent NN , especially to children .	3	4	VBP	try	tries
for his NN and contribution in the field of sports and youth development , the title NNP ' is equivalent to the title sir given by the british .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
the only valid charge is that of few CD , even if some users find it JJ , i assume they stick .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the fruit is a narrow NN up to 6 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the building is a NN of an urban site in the seattle neighborhood of south lake union .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while the little NNP is VBG with trout , the valley has wildlife , flowers and NNS .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
outside RB prohibited , university begins to provide food and NN university cut off outside NN of the protesters on june 19 , 2008 .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
some scholars think it was written by NNP NNP who was an JJ NN , leader of the NNP NNP and founder of the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
my objection is still relevant FW a FW your position , but as it is no longer relevant to the deletion question at issue here , i will not VB the point .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is RB obvious that this user is NNP , given the NN , articles edited and language NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the release of the song daughter of white ( NN NNP no NNP ) on jan 6 , 2010 , made it a JJ theory and many fans interpret that the song connects these songs to the series .	31	32	VBZ	connects	connect
no NN NN complex is present or active .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
quotes are one thing , NNS are another .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the article currently consists of unsourced plot summaries about what the adults surrounding him have done .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
discovered in 1926 , it has produced over a billion NNS of oil , and most industry estimates give it more than another billion in JJ reserves .	16	17	VBZ	estimates	estimate
such high values allow for electrons to be VBN from NN VBN NNS into vacuum or into other NNS with application of modest levels of applied voltage .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
his work is JJ , even if , unfortunately , somewhat obscure in NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the focus is on various JJ states ' diplomatic relations , NNS and military actions , as well as NNS and deaths among the ruling families .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
abortion , whether JJ or illegal , is in the main no longer dangerous , because it is being done well by physicians .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
ohio 2008 congressional election article , or to the district article , and make the article more about the candidate , as the sources provide a decent bio .	23	24	VBP	provide	provides
in order for it to be equivalent to an oscar , it would have to have the NN an oscar has , the viewing audience an oscar has , and the international recognition an oscar has .	32	35	VBZ	has	have
the other main type of NN is the disc and NN NN , which consists of two JJ NNS .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
strong keep this project has several distinct features from the project it was VBN from and there is active development .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
then , we can create an edit filter that only VBZ editing if both the ip address is in the right range and the pattern fits .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
for the NNP , the drama of the NN of the NNP through christ or the NNP is the central drama of the universe .	5	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNS on the JJ transmission are more aggressive , allowing the NNP to hit in 4 .	1	6	VBP	are	is
unlikely that a free equivalent of this event is possible .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the council meets the 2nd and 4th tuesday of each month at 7 pm .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
as has been said at the other deletion entries , NNS have no special authority and your conditions have been rejected at the previous afd debate .	10	11	VBP	have	has
its NN cause is the associated states .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the `` NNP gates '' located at the entrance to the town park was also constructed as part of the original NNP building ( and as the name suggests this `` gate '' was used to facilitate access to the river for the horses from the barracks ) .	27	28	VBZ	suggests	suggest
small fruits and NNS are also occasionally consumed .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the subject of the discussion is whether to delete the article or not , not whether or not you feel that wikipedia should have an article containing the qualities that you feel the `` wikipedia art '' article might be capable of containing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
that happens when the article receives loads of attention after appearing on the main page .	4	5	VBZ	receives	receive
the novel describes the efforts of the cia to protect the united states in a JJ way , too , with stupid agents who use silly cover names and even can not handle their expensive equipment , whereas the fbi is described more RB .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
having to determine the section title that was edited would add significant complexity over the current process that occurs when a page change occurs , since currently it just VBZ that some change occurred without determining anything .	22	23	VBZ	occurs	occur
the table itself makes sense to me and the logic is a modified 3 .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
as of the release of the most recent versions roster announcement ( wwe NNP ) , the only NNS who have been JJ characters in each NN of the game are the NNP , triple h , kane , and edge .	18	30	VBP	are	is
the template is empty , has no purpose , is not in use and links to a third party template not created .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the truth '' is a NN in which a male looks at his failing relationship , asking his ( ex ) girlfriend not to tell others `` the truth '' about it .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
it has an area of and has a population of 30 , 000 inhabitants of whom 10 , 000 are residents of the nearby town of NNP NNP .	13	19	VBP	are	is
over three decades later , employment statistics for women NNS and directors have improved , but women are still in a minority position .	16	17	VBP	are	is
in light of the rationale presented here , a merge seems more appropriate .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
speakers of green NNP are more likely to learn white NNP than speakers of white NNP learning green NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is
i 've provided a couple of articles that show some NN into what a `` NN retreat '' is and how it could be a notable entry for wikipedia .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ forward and falls as far a NN allows , which is not very far .	8	9	VBZ	allows	allow
when used appropriately , NNS display JJ information more easily .	4	5	VBP	display	displays
the transition has been a smooth and highly successful one and the choir continues to add to its growing reputation as a popular , VBG and exciting male chorus .	12	13	VBZ	continues	continue
oral or mouth cancer most commonly involves the tongue .	3	6	VBZ	involves	involve
the records of the corporation of NNP show that on 30 august CD he received a contribution of forty NNS out of the stock of the chamber of that town , requested by sir robert sidney .	1	7	VBP	show	shows
not sure what the big deal is about this single entry however .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the first thing we need to do is identify what criteria makes a university head ( usually president or chancellor ) notable .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the basic idea is to reflect a beam of NNS from a surface and to measure the intensity of NNS reflected in the JJ direction ( reflected angle equal to incident angle ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another NN track from the ep is `` speak to me bones '' , which also deals with the theme of JJ conflict .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the faces on the NNP poles begin to sing `` in the still of the night '' by the five NNP , then the flowers join in by singing a rap song using lyrics from the original NNP room show and some of the birds begin singing along .	24	25	VBP	join	joins
realizing and accepting this , NNP and NNP become the heads of the demon , with NNP VBG her love for bruce wayne as another result of her torture at NNP 's hands ( both sisters then consider batman to be their enemy ) .	35	37	VBP	consider	considers
the NN nerve comes out between the NNS , and the NN nerve is visible VBG around the outside of the NNS .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the advanced search is right beside the search button .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since a triumph was the goal of many politically ambitious roman commanders , roman republican history is full of cases where NNS were VBN to call their commander NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
december 13 - a NN falls to earth at NNP newton , east riding of yorkshire , england , the first to be recognised in modern times .	4	5	VBZ	falls	fall
for instance , a media NN might determine that JJ individuals are especially likely to watch television .	10	11	VBP	are	is
a statement from the network cites JJ ratings as the primary reason for the NN .	1	5	VBZ	cites	cite
the communications system in israel is the most developed in the middle east , although it is not the biggest .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a NN is to be written in the fourth NN on an approved topic under a faculty , who is appointed by the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in life threatening calls , classified as code red , an emergency physician gets on board with the rest of the crew .	12	13	VBZ	gets	get
all regional variations are available , however , and the bbc regions are allocated channel numbers in the 900 series .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a popular NN is that JJ evidence is less valid or less important than direct evidence .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
andrew 's stand moves his family to tears , and just as tom finally VBZ his love to NNP , andrew learns that he has been made bishop .	2	3	VBZ	moves	move
the NNP area is important for the uk aerospace industry .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
guide to the good life is a weekly australian television series that airs on channel seven .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
this works because the JJ entries are also the NNS of this matrix .	5	6	VBP	are	is
at CD the parade starts on its way .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start
the point guard is a JJ all-star , and a JJ member of the NNP second team .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
subsequent NNS include that of a NNP ( CD ad - CD ad ) grave suggesting that the territory was also a JJ settlement .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP ) the economist article VBZ a JJ view at the first afd that the term is a NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this tier provides local broadcast signals and local cable access channels to all tv sets , both analog and digital .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the film VBZ with a dedication to all NNS , friend or NN , who fought in the NNS above europe during world war ii .	1	2	VBZ	closes	close
in turn , these value relations between objects reflect social relations between people .	5	8	VBP	reflect	reflects
the NN ( sometimes JJ ) simple leaves have fine NNS and show no NNS .	7	8	VBP	have	has
both state and federal laws VBP oil exploration on the great lakes .	4	5	VBP	restrict	restricts
call for evidence ( phase 2 ) ends .	0	7	VBZ	ends	end
the system consists of three operational lines .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the lecturer asks the audience to imagine how mysterious the stars must have seemed to ancient people , and then demonstrates , using the star NN , how people invented NNS in an effort to make sense of the NN scattered stars .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
the two plays have the same actors , but are different in tone .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the highest point is on the NNS in the north from where the ground slopes down towards the south and west , where the lowest land is about .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the RB arranged leaves are oval or heart shaped and lined with JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
dutch government , NNP operates as a commercial company .	1	4	VBZ	operates	operate
this image represents the entity in question -- NNP resort -- and one of its main unique features , NNP bay .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
route CD is a short highway in extreme northern missouri .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
every input of each source gets an output indicating which VBP the input belongs to , and the joint NN can VB all NNS by received NN NNS and NN between sources .	12	13	VBZ	belongs	belong
this study VBZ upon past studies and focuses on a variety of JJ range technologies including NNS and NNS , and innovative designs such as a JJ fence and a JJ reef in the NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	builds	build
a wire the next day informs him that his brother is still alive and has been rescued .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the objective for this season is to remain in the liga ii , considering that from 16 teams , the last 5 will VB , because next season , liga ii will have 2 series of 14 teams each .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as a rule ; if the material is factual , and if it 's not entirely irrelevant to the topic , it should not be excluded .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ , JJ two NNS of a given gene are identical , the NN is called a NN and is said to be JJ with respect to that gene ; if instead the two NNS are different , the NN is a NN and is JJ .	34	35	VBP	are	is
the exception to this point is treason , which has a JJ NN period .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
since the NNP for a particular year is directly related to NNS of dates in the period from march through february of the next year , common years and JJ years have to be distinguished for january and february of the same year .	27	31	VBP	have	has
the main audience remains primarily RB VBN users , however the game market at large is gradually taking more notice of audio games as well due to the issue of game NN .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
NN novels make liberal use of a JJ thames .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
the vertical line at the center of the crest represents a pen , which suggests that NNP should be a place of seeking after truth and should be open to all talented students .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent
if the tribute card is a NNP , the receiver returns any two cards of his choice .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
such patients often give family history of other NN diseases such as hay fever , NN or NN , and their JJ blood shows NNS and increased NN NNP levels .	1	3	VBP	give	gives
its main office is in new york city , and it has separate connecticut , long island , and new jersey offices .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
visitor facilities at NNP include a visitor centre , the NNP cafe , walking trails , public NNS and car parking along with a castle containing a shop .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the problem with the definition in terms of relative frequency is that it requires being able to sample an event an unlimited number of times .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP roots distinguish three NNS , low , mid , and high .	1	2	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
description is more than the NN of details , it is bringing a scene to life by carefully choosing and VBG words and phrases to produce the desired effect .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the debate is over whether string theory makes any new NNS , NNS unique to st that do n't follow from those three together , that can be VBN with current or JJ tech .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are informative to the reader and they occur alongside discussion of the teams they represent .	1	2	VBP	are	is
molecules that follow these NNS include the receptors for NNP , the growth NN NNP , and the iron transport protein NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
his district covers parts of wayne county .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
there are units for 7 people measuring in total , cells have , exercise yards have and common living space is .	14	15	VBP	have	has
the club 's playing colours are navy blue and old gold .	4	5	VBP	are	is
as the rounds of VBG continue , it becomes obvious neither man has enough votes .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
from state high way 22 ( NNP - NNP high way NNP ) NNP is just 10 minutes drive i .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
habitats preserved by the park include beach , coastal NN , coastal NN , and JJ NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
all in all , this church is a JJ structure with gothic NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the burden on some of us is more than we can carry .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the building is the second oldest extant church in the county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN , the price of copper is CD .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
right now , the article consists of 3 short paragraphs of JJ short sentences each .	4	5	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP energy is basically the work needed to VB a mass up to a certain speed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the culture and community of traditional martial arts is a RB and interactive NN of people , ideas and traditions .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the tree is native to japan , korea , china , mongolia , and the russian far east .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so it works as a reasonable perspective to say that everything consists of energy , and quantum numbers are a way of describing some of the properties of that energy .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the mission of the arc of frederick county is to provide advocacy , access to resources , and assistance in increasing individual and family connections for people with developmental disabilities .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
regular jumping events include long jump , triple jump , high jump and pole vault , while the most common throwing events are shot put , NN , NN and hammer .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this recognition allows the NNP to form international NNS and to act in its own name as , for example , a JJ body .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the NN ratio is the ratio between the amount of NN cable length and the amount of JJ NN travel that it VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to the conflict thesis , any interaction between religion and science almost RB leads to open NN , with religion usually taking the part of the NN against new scientific ideas .	7	14	VBZ	leads	lead
the net effect VBZ the reader towards a `` NN , UH , NN '' conclusion .	2	3	VBZ	invites	invite
the mine has an annual production capacity of 30 million NNS of coal .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
which is probably a sign the proposal is poorly written !	6	7	VBZ	is	are
although some members of her family questioned her NNS , her conversion appears to have been RB .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP force is the force experienced by two surfaces at two different temperatures that are separated by a distance comparable to a mean free path of the molecules of the NN medium .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he said , `` this movie probably has a bigger JJ body count than any movie i 've done before .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
a short distance from the village is a world war ii airfield which as raf high NNP was the home of 29 NNP , a royal air force maintenance unit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i am pretty sure that his own publications are not reliable sources either , because they are primary sources , not secondary .	7	8	VBP	are	is
i 'm not familiar with the wikipedia culture , and so i do n't know if `` NN '' is some kind of code word -- but i 'm VBN by your NN that the fact that NNS .	17	19	VBZ	is	are
from cyprus under the NNP dynasty in the 14th to 16th centuries still exist legal documents , prose chronicles , and a group of anonymous love poems .	11	13	VBP	exist	exists
another large contributor to the local economy , at least on a part-time basis , is the tourism industry .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
in such an JJ scenario , NNP 's aid comes from NNP , the girl to whom he proposed when he saw her for the first time .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
the receiver comes off in his hand and the body of the phone then falls off the wall and on to the floor .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the bottom right contains a figure to represent a sheet of NN representing the ancient craft of NN making that was VBN in NNP for hundreds of years and which finally ceased in 1936 .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
these JJ eat large numbers of small insects , so a population of them living on one 's property serves as a natural form of NN .	18	19	VBZ	serves	serve
penn NNS avoid VBG over the JJ NN on the scenic NNP walk before their first NNS .	1	2	VBP	avoid	avoids
another editor thinks the article makes a claim of notability .	1	2	VBZ	thinks	think
the only talk pages which need keeping are pages with significant history .	3	7	VBP	are	is
some manufacturers offer parts for replacement or NN , whether compatible only with their own NN systems , or JJ also with others ' .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
the indian bend NNP area is a NNP cleanup site in NNP and NNP , arizona .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's complaints here are , as per his usual , entirely without merit .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the album 's title is a NN on the military term `` shock and NN '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the passengers build a NN NN that the NNS VBP .	1	2	VBP	build	builds
this pattern promotes the idea of loose NN , which is considered a programming best practice .	1	2	VBZ	promotes	promote
although the name contains the word `` NNP '' , the name of an island and its largest city , NNP NNP is widely known as the specialty cake of NNP in north NNP and often brought as a gift by those whom visited the city .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
patients and their doctors report significant medical benefits from their use of NN .	0	4	VBP	report	reports
in searching for things to collect and trade , individuals learn to observe , to ask questions , and to think independently .	9	10	VBP	learn	learns
the legend says when first settlers settled where now village 's center is , there was an old NN so they named the place NNP upon that tree .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
as he continues his preparations , the creature rises from the table and attacks him .	7	8	VBZ	rises	rise
NNS are `` NNP '' units that are permanently placed , a JJ style kitchen is in one of the units .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a NN circuit , NNP park NNP , also occupies part of the airfield site .	2	9	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the collaboration department seeks to identify particular articles that would benefit from a significant collaborative effort .	2	3	VBZ	seeks	seek
keep , although i have to say the article needs considerable work .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
another JJ change in males takes place during the teenage years for most young men .	2	5	VBZ	takes	take
under polish copyright law no copyright exists .	5	6	VBZ	exists	exist
a JJ JJ detachment occurs when JJ or JJ tissue , caused by an injury , NN or NN , VBZ the JJ NN from the JJ NN NN .	9	20	VBZ	pulls	pull
made of NNS , the JJ cord tends to VB away and VBP as the VBG body ages .	6	7	VBZ	tends	tend
and NNS need not be encyclopedia articles .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
throughout this section , the left hand includes references to the JJ section .	6	7	VBZ	includes	include
large employers in the district include the louis armstrong international airport and NNP mall .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the city is the television broadcast center for much of eastern washington ( except the NNP and NNP area ) , northern idaho , northwestern montana , northeastern oregon , and parts of canada ( by cable television ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the third oil passage is visible from the rear of the block with the transmission components removed .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
certain countries involved in the NNP are interested in taking a specific security theme a step further .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the NN has a small spur .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
currently , this group has 21 members .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
an aerial NN operates in the NNP area and the NNP NNP was decommissioned in 1968 .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
cited reasons for the protests include legislation recently passed or proposed on changes to NNP , changes to voting regulations , school NNS , and tax reform .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the idea was put forth by a third party , and the article reads like a promotional NN .	12	13	VBZ	reads	read
the club 's traditional badge is the prince of wales 's NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
among them , a simple rational NN is a good choice considering the balance between the stability and the JJ complexity .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
any document after 1871 referencing it as province in JJ affairs is a reflection of the abolition of the han system and not de JJ existence of NNP province from CD .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the commune is part of the urban area of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
currently , the film has a 100 percent `` fresh '' rating at NNP NNP , based on eighteen reviews .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
as the game VBZ , NNP allies will help him upgrade the weapon , increasing its speed and power .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
most cases have been published by french , german , japanese or american NNS , but occasional reports of indian , iraqi , egyptian , vietnamese , NNP and NNP women suggest a worldwide disorder .	17	31	VBP	suggest	suggests
an original feature is that it allows to build `` revision sheets '' by VBG sets of notes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two buildings in miller beach are on the national register of historic places .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as long as our guides recommend a certain NN , we should look for ways to make that NN easier , JJR and more effective .	4	5	VBP	recommend	recommends
the rest of it has been walking him through why the edits are an issue , and some NN over a block proposal an ip put forward .	11	12	VBP	are	is
so just use WDT initial case is appropriate for the text the link appears in .	12	13	VBZ	appears	appear
the song `` NNP '' is an JJ fight song still popular with a large number of fans and alumni .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the following table VBZ the layout of commodore CD NNP .	2	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
a stream pool , in NN , is a stretch of a river or stream in which the water depth is above average and the water velocity is quite below average .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
google images search indeed shows VBP better composed images of the same row .	1	2	VBP	search	searches
the maximum speed of the NNP is CD miles per hour .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if it here works are popular , in JJ sales or JJ illegal NNS ( some NN sites keep track of such things ) , then she is notable .	17	18	VBP	keep	keeps
if a week is long enough to reasonably draw that conclusion , fine , but one way or another a decision needs to be made .	20	21	VBZ	needs	need
the article needs to be about the sweet spot area , not about the term .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
on its last leg the route meets up with or CD and passes near upper and lower table rock .	5	6	VBZ	meets	meet
the private sector is strong in indian higher education .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at least five people were killed by this outbreak across two states including four in missouri and one in indiana but the death toll is much lower than the CD or more deaths record during the 1974 event .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
i think this argument is absolutely JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
traditional shopping centers are in the downtown area , and NNP village .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as an artist she makes paintings , she has designed stamps , illustrated cultural magazines ( NNP NNP ) and designed book covers .	21	22	VBZ	covers	cover
use of clean seed , crop rotation , and other cultural practices are the primary means of control of black NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the bottom line is that those who contribute to the article see a lot of value in the guideline , and nobody who contributes to the article has formally objected .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
stem cells are the cells from which all other cells VBP .	9	10	VBP	originate	originates
the best interpretation of fossils indicates NNS probably gave birth to live young .	2	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
whilst i like and respect NNP , and wish her well , the relationship is not significant in respect of my current life , and therefore i choose not to discuss it '' .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the orchestra 's current music director is dr .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the fact is that an amount of admins VBP to their number in the community at large , involved themselves in your NN rfa , and i bet this is true in other NN NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the trends show that it is only expected to grow , and eventually VB every aspect of medical model in the next era .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
some document formats like NNP , or NNS in microsoft word , have JJ NNS .	2	12	VBP	have	has
the main driving force of mathematical advancement is its beauty , not any immediately obvious applications .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
its most JJ feature is the uniform NN of the NN and the lack of white NNS which are present in some of the other species .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in another revealing twist , phillip returns to NNP city and explains to nina that the reason he left all those years ago is because he was gay and felt back then he would not have been accepted .	16	23	VBZ	is	are
this family represents the internal NN entry site ( NNP ) of the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
built in 1924 as the main office for the expanding NNP NNP y NNP NNP bank this building represents one of the last examples of the once popular JJ JJ architecture so common in NNP after the 1918 earthquake .	17	18	VBZ	represents	represent
camera also features direct NNP flash NN .	0	2	VBZ	features	feature
for ( 2 ) , the sources need to mention NNP or its NNS related to the topic being discussed .	6	7	VBP	need	needs
recent news reports claim that a JJ NNP hybrid called NNP 85 suddenly started producing NN and killed a cattle NN in texas , usa .	2	3	VBP	claim	claims
the museum has some rare stamps including the 1863 first costa rican stamp , a british penny black and many stamps from costa rica and worldwide .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP national forest has an active fire management program which recognizes that forest fires are a natural part of the NN ; however , this was not always the case .	13	14	VBP	are	is
NNP ( NNP ) in eastern europe , and two albums exclusively for the german market , NNP NN NN ( you are my heart ) and NNP na VB NN ( what 's the weather like in the heart ) .	10	22	VBP	Are	Is
the iconic black and yellow NNP NN NN appears in the howard stern film private parts .	7	8	VBZ	appears	appear
bob RB picks barbara 's shoe , and the show goes out on yet another great musical number .	9	10	VBZ	goes	go
her work has most RB not become a significant monument , been part of a JJ exhibition , won significant JJ attention , or is represented within the permanent collections of museums .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNS in new zealand are the JJ officer in a municipal government in new zealand .	0	4	VBP	are	is
this category is for JJ articles that have been rated NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one benefit is that the edits of banned editors can be removed on sight , which is not true of the edits of JJ JJ users .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its aim is to VB the region of macedonia from the ottoman turks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is not comprehensive and the references are JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another way to form a joint parliamentary committee is that two VBG chiefs of both houses can write to each other , communicate with each other and form the joint parliamentary committee .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
support - this is a candidate i truly support above all others .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
a special drink is NNP NNP made from NNP NNP , a highly VBN NN from the pine forests of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the correct diagnosis of the NN is critical to any protocol .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ pop track incorporates minor rock elements .	3	4	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
as the northern forests are a carbon NN , while dead forests are a major carbon source , the loss of such large areas of forest has a positive feedback on global warming .	3	4	VBP	are	is
however , this distinction is JJ , and the view has been taken that courts sometimes simply regard a matter as one involving an error of law if they wish to adopt an JJ approach , and seek to allow judicial review to take place .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
there are three NNS , the central NN has a copy of their original byzantine decoration from JJ depicting a christ providing NNP ( the original is in NNP di san NNP ) .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the JJ climate is prevalent in a good portion of western europe and the european part of northern turkey .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if trials are to be held , states and international organizations must assist the court by VBG and VBG those persons and others for whom NNS are issued in the future .	1	2	VBP	are	is
list of scottish gaelic NN wikipedia is not a dictionary , neither it is a guide to slang usage in foreign languages .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the punishment is ultimately successful , and he slowly becomes JJR with NNP and the rest of his female peers , as well as with NNP ( who gives off the NN of a female , as NNP states ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category is for past or present members of the NNP NNP society .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most scholars consider it a late work .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
this article incorporates material from the public domain 1906 NNP and NNP encyclopedic dictionary .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
in his JJ work , NNP argued that gifts are not free but rather create an NN to VB .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the neighborhood includes the roberto NNP NNP , which was renovated in 2011 and includes a `` NN .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
josh 's problems are VBN even though he claims that he has ceased using drugs , but his behaviour becomes more and more JJ .	18	19	VBZ	becomes	become
the demo includes 3 levels from the game 's story mode .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the stadium has a capacity of 3 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ display is a structure from motion technique with which one can create the optical NN of a volume of light , due to the NN of vision property of human visual perception .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whenever the user opens the page with a JJ browser or email reader , the image or other information is VBN .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
the biggest industrial NN use of NN is as JJ in the NN process .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
as the revert war continues , and we ought to VB this article .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
all these people are no more .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP ( NNP production ) NNP is a JJ drama production from NNP , featuring the NNS .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
and then you have to cite from that body of literature , of course ( and note that this body of academic literature has to be distinct from general genocide literature , in addition ) .	19	23	VBZ	has	have
it is made with wheat flour and sometimes VB , and when VBN , the layers expand and the NN VBZ , similar to miniature NNS or NNS .	15	16	VBP	expand	expands
NN materials are often JJ in atom NN , however sample preparation may be more difficult , and interpretation of results may be more complex , particularly if the NN contains phases which VBP at differing electric field NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP 's first important work is the tv film la VBP del sole , directed in 1973 for NNP tv and inspired to NNP NNP 's work .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
after a brief fight NNP comes out victorious , however he realizes to late that the NNP he just beat was really NNP in NN .	3	5	VBZ	comes	come
my need to edit here VBZ out of my NN of editing and my awareness that there is too much here that needs to be kept and just RB VBN and not deleted .	1	5	VBZ	arises	arise
each item with an item number is available through the NNP program .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
with an electorate of over CD , the division is the only one in the county to return 3 members .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
an alternative explanation suggests that the original paint contained cow 's blood to prevent damage from the effects of NN .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the city quarter 's JJ point is the CD metre tall NNP , designed by french architect jean NNP and completed in 2001 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the food industry of the NNP economic region specializes in producing wheat , meat and dairy , mostly around the major industrial centers .	2	8	VBZ	specializes	specialize
some types of NNP are highly JJ when raw due to the presence of NNP , although some species are JJ when VBN and NNP are sought after in JJ countries .	18	19	VBP	are	is
and sometimes if a film does well in one market you can then sell it for more money elsewhere .	4	5	VBZ	does	do
the pyramid base is on the edge of the third terrace rising from the river and is near the centre of the east group .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this is NN for a couple reasons , not the least of which is that people usually come back .	15	17	VBP	come	comes
the club 's reserve team is NNP NNP ( NNP academy ) still continued in second division .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
former private residences such as NNP manor , CD from NNP , the castle in NNP and the saxon in NNP are ideal for exclusive use .	2	21	VBP	are	is
the island is the top of an NN NN which rises from the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ strength and NN of these NNS means that they will fight anything , and they have a particular NN for VBG creatures far larger than themselves .	2	8	VBZ	means	mean
the display includes original items owned by NNP , the practice 's waiting room , and parts of NNP 's extensive NN collection .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
with increased NN , the player VBZ higher standing in the game and may be offered NN by the leaders of one of the five factions .	5	6	VBZ	achieves	achieve
on the other hand , light that previously reached the place where your arm is now is still moving towards the background , so the corresponding place in the shadow is lit .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
a music performance is physical , while the composition , like computer software , is not .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NN must also be considered when designing natural reserves , both on land and in the water ; if populations are not JJ , then JJ reserves may lose their species NNS .	21	22	VBP	are	is
sure , certain facts are sourced , but the interpretation of them as NN advocacy is not .	9	15	VBZ	is	are
the problem here is that this person is only known for VBG the chess problem of the NNP ( chess ) , which already has an article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
an alternative is to have the courses at different restaurants .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
together , the combination saves the processing time that would have been required for VBG the entire screen .	3	4	VBZ	saves	save
the movement VBZ with a repeated figure in the bass , seen VBN in mm .	1	2	VBZ	closes	close
these special purpose voice NNS use a speech recognition engine that was specially designed for the warehouse and provided by the NN manufacturer .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
as they lack a NN or internal organs , NNS are immune to many effects , such as poison , NN , NN , disease , ability NN , level NN , death effects and critical hits .	9	10	VBP	are	is
stations serving the area include NNP ( cbs , actually licensed to NNP ) , wood ( nbc ) , NNP ( abc ) , and NNP ( fox ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
NNS were thrown , everyone VBG the soldiers , even the invention of v for victory was made to quickly show military members support .	22	23	VBP	support	supports
the NNP initiative for 2006 begins in singapore , VBG this year to mentor 90 of the best students around the world to become much better during its six global camps !	2	5	VBZ	begins	begin
he became hungarian national champion in 2003 , his personal best time is 13 .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
further JJ layers of NNS develop around the core JJ tissue and come to form the structure known as the NN , complete with the NN and characteristic JJ NNS that give the NN its alternative name of robin 's NN .	2	5	VBP	develop	develops
both NNS are across the street from each other on NNP road .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the road network of NNP is very well maintained .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
yes indeed - all of us NNPS ' who , out of sexual panic , wanted to VB the NNS ' are very JJ to see that their copyright concerns regarding these images were valid .	19	21	VBP	are	is
the output devices , usually NNP , are VBN so that their NN transfer characteristics ( that generate second JJ NNP is used in a JJ circuit ) NN NN to a large extent .	14	17	VBP	generate	generates
finally , they have yellow flowers and JJ NNS on the leaves and stems ; these characters are not JJ of in the rest of the family , but both are very rare .	16	17	VBP	are	is
although some organizations manage and store their own JJ NNS , many choose to have their NNS managed and stored by third parties who VBP in the commercial protection of JJ data .	2	3	VBP	manage	manages
when a NN begins to consider doctrine NN , theology NN , and NNS NN , consider that NN on its way to a JJ death .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the carrier owns no property jointly with other common carriers .	1	2	VBZ	owns	own
these instructions are branch instructions and certain system instructions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its operational position is in JJ orbit above the NN at 99 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
protein release occurs mainly by NN , which can be regulated by changing the mass within the NN matrix .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNP 's equation in fact holds ( to some extent ) in many other situations where an JJ body is VBN , such as wind VBG on a tall building , a musician VBG a string of a violin , or the filling of a party balloon .	2	5	VBZ	holds	hold
the extra copies displayed on the file page are JJ , i think .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the crop remains found in this phase included almost similar to the earlier phase , with the addition of three new types of NNS , VBP NN , JJ NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the products used in the ads are NNP , NNP , NNP 's , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the NN test VBZ the effects of NN and JJ gases found in the atmosphere and everyday substances .	2	3	VBZ	reproduces	reproduce
yes , i recognize that i am RB filling the field , but i have to admit that it does not VB me when people leave it empty also .	24	25	VBP	leave	leaves
note that these writers have icelandic names ; they are VBN RB by personal name .	3	4	VBP	have	has
mission to magnus is a big finish productions audio drama based on the JJ british science fiction television series doctor who .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
if a redirect is what is desired , there is no need to bring it here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another component of his theoretical viewpoint is practice theory .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN of the small NNS is complicated , but the closest relative of the african NNP is the corn NNP , c .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
another argument states that since higher levels of personal NN are necessary , the target of the fear appeal who is most likely to act is one who is most likely to change his behavior to begin with .	14	25	VBZ	is	are
the scales of all NNS have an JJ component ( what one sees on the surface ) , but many NNS have VBN underlying the JJ scale , as do NNS and NNS .	1	5	VBP	have	has
however tables without images make use of complete width available .	1	4	VBP	make	makes
the les filter operation is JJ , meaning it VBZ out the scales associated with high frequencies .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in NN wind instruments the solid matter from which the instrument 's body is made takes on the role only of containing the fluid ( air ) that makes the sound .	6	15	VBZ	takes	take
oppose - to me , the purpose of editing wikipedia is not to earn NNS ( even though NNS are great ) , but to help improve the NN .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN description has nothing to do with a large historical japanese presence .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the JJS way to get the right NN is to copy it ( not manually type it ) right off the template box along the right margin .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
i guess what it lacks is an explicit overview of what the game is about .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the observatory 's mission is to advance understanding of the natural systems that create the earth 's weather and climate , by maintaining its NN weather station , conducting research and educational programs and VBG the heritage of the mount washington region .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the river rises in northern NNP district , before flowing north through NNP district and NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
the government offers foreign trafficking victims temporary NN status as an alternative to immediate NN , but is not known to have used these provisions in 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
many popular electric guitar effects , such as NN , NN and NN , use a variable NN control similar to a keyboard expression NN .	4	14	VBP	use	uses
at present the port is visited by many large cruise NNS each year , as the deep water port allows NN for coach tours in the northern highlands .	18	19	VBZ	allows	allow
the album marks the NN by longtime NNP keyboard NN foster patterson to his successor spencer NNP .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
the organization believes in serving society through religious and social activities .	1	2	VBZ	believes	believe
NNS are spelling variants , and they are a NN of NNP people ) i think are enough to indicate her ethnicity , especially given that most native people around NNP are NNP .	28	31	VBP	are	is
this temple has great JJ importance .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
but then one editor who edits as an ip and another is somewhat the pot calling the NN black .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the movie follows a group of popular students that VBP for their 10 year reunion .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
NNP railway station in NNP , ontario now serves as a railway museum .	2	8	VBZ	serves	serve
a father tries to dress his new lover in the clothing of his late wife .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
about a second later i get another warning that a copy of the same NNP is in my cache ( using firefox 3 .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
keep article only has one source cited now , but a quick google search shows that an article on the people themselves , not just the expression , is possible .	17	28	VBZ	is	are
if a score line is present , the knife is safe .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the most frequent ground constitutes mainly granite NN , rough NN and JJ surface .	3	4	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
i 'm not really sure what the usual ga standards are for military articles .	9	10	VBP	are	is
a subsequent conversation with lord NNP reveals that the NNP alone knows NNP took NNP 's place , also that he fought with NNP 's men against NNP 's death squad .	2	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the reputation for `` excessive NN '' is perhaps JJ given the enormous amount of VBG talent that was connected with the development and modification of marks of this vintage ( as well as given the elaborate marketing efforts at eliminating all memory of these marks ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
off to the side , two little boys raise their arms up as a marble NN NNS off the NN and NNS RB to the floor .	7	8	VBP	raise	raises
a RB or VBN family is a family where one parent has children that are not related to the other parent .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
original research is not just about conclusions reached , but the actual subject should not be original either .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i agree with the NN of what you are saying , but i also think that the comparison is off .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the next day , she goes straight to the clinic , but before a doctor arrives , the sympathetic NN offers to take a look at the NN .	14	15	VBZ	arrives	arrive
there is a small but significant difference between a pen knife and a NN knife , in that the NN knife has a blade that is flat on one side and NN on the other , which VBZ the round cuts required to shape a NN .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
the rings on the NNS are less useful as guides .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the article is within scope for that project , so i do n't see why people are removing the wikiproject template .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the two main NN streets are terry parkway , running north and south , and carol sue ave .	4	5	VBP	are	is
it is much more likely that a user searches for an JJ pump used in controlled drug delivery ( NNS or JJ NNS ) .	7	8	VBZ	searches	search
most researchers believe the NN represents a NN wearing a bird mask and bird NN .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
this category contains articles related to JJ events and launches in 1955 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the modern bible society movement dates back to the foundation of the british and foreign bible society in CD when a group of christians sought to address the problem of a lack of JJ NNS in welsh for NNP christians .	4	5	VBZ	dates	date
as the ip is controlled by NNP ( in the correct region of the us ) , i assume that the edits from previous years are irrelevant .	21	25	VBP	are	is
other differences are purely JJ and comprise of the lack of a full NN , a JJ NN instead of NNS and different paint schemes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
and as noted above , the fact that it was linked from the talkpage of the NNP article is JJ .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
data tables now have a recommendation in the manual of style that they should identify column and row NNS where possible , and mark them up as NNS with the relevant scope .	1	3	VBP	have	has
no reliable sources , no official production , and NNS are rarely notable anyway .	2	10	VBP	are	is
his father , herman NNP , is a physicist who believes that all the JJ NNS will eventually be explained away .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
if a source only uses words like `` fear '' or `` afraid '' then it may be inappropriate to call it a NN .	2	4	VBZ	uses	use
a former president of the royal astronomical society of canada NNP centre for six years and a prominent member of the american association of variable star observers , NNP has over CD , 000 observations of variable stars to his credit .	2	29	VBZ	has	have
females give birth to one to three NN young in a JJ nest within the NN system .	0	1	VBP	give	gives
and some people might think that the time they see for their own country or city is accurate time since they trust wikipedia .	7	16	VBZ	is	are
the area is predominantly subject to sheep and beef pastoral farming .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he was the team 's NNS coach , a job he got in part due to his relationship with john NNP .	5	6	VBP	coach	coaches
even if true , the article 's aim seems more suited to a trivia site than an encyclopedia .	7	8	VBZ	seems	seem
the channel also provides JJ `` JJ '' weather coverage during tornado and NNP warnings .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
it is a popular NN skiing area in winter , partly because its middle reaches are accessible via trails from the NNP estates neighbourhood of NNP .	14	15	VBP	are	is
in woman as sex object ( 1972 ) , NNP NNP similarly argues that the painting 's intent is to show female NN .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
possible applications include VBG batteries in hybrid vehicles , which could reduce weight by about .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
properties are similar to VB particularly used in JJ NNS , JJ to VB .	0	1	VBP	are	is
yet people need somewhere to live .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the article is currently quite lengthy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment - actually , merge is a valid vote on an afd .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
both versions have 4 players , 2 sets of partners sitting opposite one another , who are dealt 52 cards total .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the NNP mine is one of the largest lead and NN mines in kosovo .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
then they play with a NN and discover that some animals are fast at some times but slow at other times .	10	11	VBP	are	is
real options are generally distinguished from conventional financial options in that they are not typically traded as securities , and do not usually involve decisions on an underlying asset that is traded as a financial security .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the layers of NN on top of clay lead to RB poor drainage , and the harvest is one of the latest of the whole region , although this water NN can be of use in NNS of low rainfall .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
its name comes from the colours that reflect off it in NN , but out of the NN of the sun it is a plain silver fish .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
each elevator NN includes a JJ , JJ , JJ NN , VBN with a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
JJ neighborhood RB NNP NNP VBZ the character of NNP NNP , d .	1	5	VBZ	replaces	replace
JJ damage to JJ tissue occurs after only 90 minutes .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
all the family members are JJ characters with strong opinions on everything .	3	4	VBP	are	is
different rules apply in the cases of british protected persons and certain british subjects .	1	2	VBP	apply	applies
JJ synthetic NN oil is a synthetic NN oil RB VBN ( converted ) from animal or human NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
convenience stores are also commonly referred to as `` corner stores , '' `` NNS , '' or `` variety stores '' in some regions of canada .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the reservoir 's only purpose is to provide drinking water , and as such , it supplies NNP , dundee , and parts of perth and NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
he has also appeared in situations where characters are in JJ NN ; for example , death has appeared before NNP on numerous JJ occasions .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the executive directors of the member societies of NNP meet together as the conference of administrative officers ( cao ) , which before 1988 was known as the conference of NNPS .	2	9	VBP	meet	meets
this exam is easier than the national one .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mouth opening is JJ , surrounded by 3 large NNS , each with 2 NN , JJ NN at lateral edge of each JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment - you will get those articles recreated , i have yet to see sports fans lose one .	15	16	VBP	lose	loses
however , the situation ends poorly when the NNS shoot and critically VBP an fbi NN and the fbi then ends the NN by force , and NNP to become physically VBN by the events .	3	4	VBZ	ends	end
the problem in finding stephen is that he was taught to not speak to NNS , and is afraid of those who attempt to speak to him .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the capital of the regional unit is the town of NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
each head has approximately five NN , JJ NNS at its base .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
further south , wines are still rather similar to those of NNP , but several grape varieties not used in NNP are common , such as NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the station has a large central island platform with each side split into four numbered platforms .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the name means `` good seed '' or `` wild rice '' .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
however , communication NNS use the JJ arrangement of objects and links as used in object NNS .	3	4	VBP	use	uses
NNP oak is JJ in flowering habit ; flowers emerge in april to late may or early june .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its capital is the port city of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the line entirely consists of double track .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
its nearby areas are NNP NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i suggest you follow your own advice , given that your comments here have no relevance .	11	13	VBP	have	has
events are only JJ after they happen .	0	1	VBP	are	is
other critics use a black dot .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
most people love scenic roads , and often want to express the beauty of roads running through forests and mountains .	1	2	VBP	love	loves
industry in the area consists of four commercial plant NNS and three large NN NNS .	0	4	VBZ	consists	consist
opened in 1936 , the building is now carol NNP NNP hall , a faculty office building .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
si unit of distance , because the speed of light is not the si unit of speed .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
low estimates give a million NNS from the then polish part of the province in 1945 and the following years .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
tenth tale ( i , 10 ) master alberto da NNP RB puts to VB a lady who sought occasion to put him to VB in that he was in love with her .	1	12	VBZ	puts	put
NNP secondary school students choose to be educated at st .	3	4	VBP	choose	chooses
connecting rod length is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a word of NN is in order here .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the traditional attractions of the night include street concerts , popular dancing parties , jumping over flames , eating VBN NNS and meat , drinking wine and releasing JJ JJ NNS over NNP 's summer sky .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
today the congregation has many JJ NNS attending services .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
VBG these time coordinates from s into s ' results in different times , but this is not problematic , as the object is at rest in s ' where it does not matter when the NNS are measured .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the male JJ territory is between .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in case of a tie , JJ sets , a third set is played , where the first service is done by the winner of the previous set ) players strike the ball with the hand so that it VBZ on the NN and falls into the NN .	29	30	VBP	strike	strikes
the heart of the book is the 250 pages of almost 400 JJ , photographed NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the road through it is narrow , VBG and is difficult for larger vehicles .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
larger guns , faster engines , and greater JJ capability are all available to existing ships .	1	10	VBP	are	is
azerbaijan had culture whose NNS are NNP NNS ; we do not have any NN from NNP NNP culture in the 12th century .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the county also contains the towns of NNP , lying south-east of NNP , and NNP , north-west of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
his illustrations are sometimes exact JJ representations or show the animals against landscape backgrounds .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the subsidiary question is which language the original poster has it in .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
april - forty merchant vessels are wrecked when a convoy led by hms apollo runs IN off portugal .	9	14	VBZ	runs	run
a , particularly if the edits are contentious .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the amazon NNP reading device also uses NNP as its JJ dictionary , along with a choice for the oxford dictionary of english .	4	6	VBZ	uses	use
recent research carried out by a leading university from the uk , shows that NNP baby food contains more protein than any other baby food in the market worldwide .	1	12	VBZ	shows	show
the article has very limited notability , and the useful information about who created the rules i have moved to the main NNP article .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article has a NN , it has a good outline in the form of section NNS and , most importantly , it has good list of sources such as the JJ history of vector analysis .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the flow of the river depends greatly on the water level management in the NNP reservoir .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
the prime ministers of china and japan meet in vietnam IN a diplomatic disagreement , with NNP NNP clinton of the united states VBG into the dispute during a speech .	2	7	VBP	meet	meets
the NNS include electric shock , NN , burns from JJ short circuits , and damage to the attached equipment .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the charge as presented leaves me with some hope for NN here , that you the NNPS may actually be able to follow the logic of this charge , VBP the accusations of personal attack and release me from this NN as a defendant .	1	4	VBZ	leaves	leave
for comparison , radiation levels inside the us capitol building are 0 .	4	10	VBP	are	is
while i have tried my NN to express the situation in an out of universe matter , other editors VBP on adding JJ details , and stating the situation in ways that violate many wiki NNS such as speculation , NN , and JJ words .	18	19	VBP	insist	insists
it is a binary star , the NN component of which is an orange giant and the NN a JJ main sequence star .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
service providers say a minority of users generate large quantities of NNP traffic and JJ performance for the majority of NN NNS using applications such as e-mail or web VBG which use less NN .	1	2	VBP	say	says
because of the NN of NNP 's marriage , NNP 's fits become worse .	11	12	VBP	become	becomes
for once , we have a case where the NN slope is not a NN , because we 're seeing it for real in front of us .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the festival properly starts at two hours before sunset on that day , which VBZ the time that NNP entered the garden .	1	3	VBZ	starts	start
example NN data normal VBD text has correct VBG next to table .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the school 's official colors are red and blue .	4	5	VBP	are	is
essential JJ acids are necessary for normal NN development , fish growth , and reproduction .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this user seems to be the sock of another user with a similar name i ca n't remember .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the album features seal naked on the cover , and the japanese import cover features him with clothes on .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the springs ( rather than the community ) are the first place in queensland to have been formally registered as an aboriginal cultural heritage place - being a VBG place of great significance to the NNP NNP people .	1	8	VBP	are	is
due to the smaller mass of mars , the probability of an object NN with the planet is about half that of the earth .	9	17	VBZ	is	are
their ability to produce food is second only to the NNP , but their production of other resources is the highest in the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the western fleet has approximately 300 ships .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this teaching style is `` for those students who required formal instruction and yet are capable of making some choice as to the appropriate practice for them to master the objective .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another version claims that around the time that the city was founded , the area was home to a JJ fruit called NN or NN which in the NNP language means `` green that NNS '' .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
it may take as long as 2 to 3 hours if the room is below standard room temperature .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
while most students still come from within the e .	2	4	VBP	come	comes
overall , the functional x NN mostly comes from the mother .	5	7	VBZ	comes	come
you may have to export the image a few times with different numbers to figure out which scale works best .	17	18	VBZ	works	work
the club has links with the world class start program , a program aimed at VBG NNS with the potential to become members of the great britain squad .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this category contains american radio programs mostly devoted to sports programming or sports talk .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
another gap is then started and the process VBZ until the NN condition is resolved .	7	8	VBZ	repeats	repeat
the issue here is that i think wikipedia is more than an JJ NN of information .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the three parks are bull run , NNP , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the article flows RB and covers a lot of relevant material .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
this mode is similar to VBG , but weapons are not allowed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN is the largest in the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even if we all know the tea party is full of NNS , i do n't think we have any JJ sources discussing the problem of racism in the movement as a whole .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
although never mentioned by name , the commander leading the imperial attempt to steal the painting is grand admiral NNP .	7	16	VBZ	is	are
its diet mainly consists of JJ larvae , NNS , NNS , NNS , and bits of vegetation .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the relationship between the state of the economy and crime rates is JJ among the studies .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN screen shows a diplomatic map of all the lands , colored by the nobles who own them , that displays VBP usage , army locations , and territorial control .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
although , a pakistani court sentenced to death ahmad omar NNP sheikh , and initially imprisoned three others for their roles in the NN and murder of the reporter , the murder is still JJ .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
in sufficiently high dimensions most JJ NNS have no roots .	6	7	VBP	have	has
and according to this it will keep climbing the longer the computer is up and running .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNS are normally potential NNS and pay for their subscription .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in the NNP world , at least ; prior dates are welcome .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i can not seem to find any third party scholarly information on it and most he information i am finding is on the actual NNP website which VBZ the series , or on other book websites that VBP the series .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
available in the japanese version , enemies return fire after being destroyed .	6	7	VBP	return	returns
irrigation water for land comes from this canal , also the land is very fertile .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the mine consists of a narrow corridor , filled with NN , running along a NN ( usually the NN , but sometimes a lateral NN and then running in the direction of the NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the house seems to have been now provided with an income , not only JJ but sufficient .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
consistent with this interpretation , the dish name is sometimes ( but considerably less commonly ) found in chinese as `` NNP JJ hall chicken '' .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
chinese sources are JJ to establish notability .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although NNP has virtually no permanent population , many residents from surrounding communities have houses there , which they stay in when visiting NNP for church , school , work , medical treatment or transport .	9	13	VBP	have	has
the film begins with an animated sequence .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the species found in NNP , the NN NN , NNP NNS , is similar and has no back fin ; the NN NN , NNP NN , is larger , has a longer NN and a larger dorsal fin .	23	28	VBZ	is	are
a novel of the civil war is a new york times NN written by former speaker of the united states house of representatives NNP NNP , william r .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN figure of the JJ is the NN ; thus , cutting the NNS of the JJ at the NN of its incident edges produce 8 JJ cells .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
speakers at chapel include area NNS , missionaries , student speakers , and select alumni .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the street is now exclusively used by NNP NNS and no cars are permitted on the street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the close association of shiva and NNP explains the presence of a statue of NNP at the gate of many temples dedicated to shiva .	2	7	VBZ	explains	explain
that said , people who have competed at the highest level of their sport are usually deemed to be notable .	3	14	VBP	are	is
located between the municipalities of la NNP and NNP , some 8 km north of NNP itself , the new station serves an area with an estimated population of over 400 , 000 .	20	21	VBZ	serves	serve
the cable box has no easily visible buttons .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
as shown in the above NN figure , the output is nothing but the JJ symbols generated at the end of each delay line .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
an index of disabled reports is available here .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the third edition ( CD ) contains a third part consisting of a prose character of a holy man and JJ JJ poems .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
one such instance that is open for this is at point NNP national NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ leader 's wife says he died JJ '' , associated press ( international herald tribune ) , september 3 , 2008 .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
together with the zero function , JJ triangle center functions form an algebra under addition , NN , and NN .	9	10	VBP	form	forms
the structure , established in april 1985 , is a JJ steel JJ tower with a white NN , standing on a reinforced concrete NN , supported on four NNS .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the canton includes the major portion of the NNP region , and is named for its major NN , the NNP river , which forms the canton 's eastern border .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
any probability density function has a RB VBG JJ `` NN '' whose NN is less ( up to translation ) than any other NN of the function ; and there exist NNS of RB high NN , ( all having the same NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the NNS that feed lake NNP include the rivers NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
like the hand , the NN formula is uncertain , but is at least JJ from NN to outer `` NN '' .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the story about NNP being buried alive , in the absence of his servant who alone knew of his NN to NN , is probably a myth .	1	23	VBZ	is	are
certainly all the NNS on the rhine and NNP end under NNP ' reign , especially those supported by the army .	3	9	VBP	end	ends
JJR station in little NNP provides rail access to central london via the metropolitan line and the london to NNP line .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide
delete wiki is not a NN site nor a web directory .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
now suppose the star goes NN .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
the meaning of the contract is to lay a code of behavior , on which the involved must be keeping with .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the tower has circular and JJ windows .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ monument to general manuel NNP is a landmark of buenos aires , argentina .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
your point is JJ as well .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
before they are interrupted by reinforcements , NNP tells NNP the young afghan girl unconscious in the NN is responsible for the NNS ' deaths , not he .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
when first telling his friends , he wrote `` it is like VBG a murder '' , and his writings at the time of the publication of darwin 's theory suggest emotional NN .	19	30	VBP	suggest	suggests
the minimum NNP engagement capability requires only one NN , one battle manager , and one fire control radar to provide JJ defense of troops or critical assets .	4	5	VBZ	requires	require
partial NNS such as banning from a particular area of editing are appropriate only for users whose other behavior is generally acceptable .	1	11	VBP	are	is
blocks are not a way of handling content disputes .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN [ NN ] sound becomes JJ [ NN ] .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the school provides education for christian boys and girls , and for other NNS also .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
another reason why contributions from banned users should not be allowed is that , in some cases , the editors were banned for pushing a pov .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
pilots have a variety of reasons for VBG for angel flight missions .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the JJ sections appear to be too closely VBN for me .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
such a device provides a musical keyboard , and often other NNS such as pitch bend and NN wheels , but produces no sound on its own and is intended only to drive other NNP devices .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
it has been observed that NNP 's early works , from the time prior to his conversion , are also rich in religious references .	8	18	VBP	are	is
with many trains arriving at the same time platforms are not always available .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the economy of NNP del NNP is RB agricultural , and it is one of the nation 's leading producer of rice .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
accusations of VBG are just another move , and its not worth it .	0	3	VBP	are	is
every june the village holds a NNP on the green , home to the `` NNP NNP '' and many other attractions , occasionally including a pair of NN !	3	4	VBZ	holds	hold
the principal of santa fe trail junior high school is kerry lane .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the writer 's greatest fear is not of dying , but of losing her memory , which is why she wrote the email to be sent to herself in the future .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the math with its branches is a distinct legal entity .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ bond NN is a process where the electron pair that comprised a bond moves to one of the atoms that was formerly joined by a bond .	9	14	VBZ	moves	move
their NN , JJ networks are their major assets , and as such , are the focus of all their NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
JJ player uses two long spinning NN to perform tricks that involve NN of the string .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the video begins with all of the NNP sisters standing on several NNS , before switching to ana NNP performing amongst NNS and other NNS ' .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
as someone who has been following this discussion i would like to say that unfortunately baseball NNP interpretation of the situation is probably not that far off .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
soon after , the ship VBZ a series of strange `` NNS '' before it starts to tip onto its side , sending the electric NNP NN , and forcing NNP , captain thompson and his three NNS to hold on for dear life .	4	5	VBZ	undergoes	undergo
car 1 is JJ on some services .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the portrait of NNP NNP NNP is an 17th century buddhist NN of the NN and the physician NNP NNP NNP of tibet .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
an NN bus driver is a bus driver whose duties involve driving a bus between cities .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NN is VBN in a linked set of NNS until the solution is sufficiently concentrated by the final pond so that the salt VBZ on the pond 's floor .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the words `` NNP reid '' , `` the game '' , and `` directed by marc NNP NNP '' appear and VB quickly before the song starts .	26	27	VBZ	starts	start
other religions are , in the `` normal case , '' distinct from the nation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the lake is within the boundaries of the NNP adams wilderness of the sierra national forest and NNP national forest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the average length of the suspicious NN as an JJ male is about nine NNS or about 3 .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the registration desk and the member NN room opens at NN on friday , with programming starting in the mid afternoon , and the event continues until early sunday evening .	24	25	VBZ	continues	continue
all in all there is little overlap , also because the scales used for the different works are mostly different .	11	17	VBP	are	is
VBG never proved that his extended formula corresponds exactly to NNP 's gamma function ; a proof was first given by charles NNP in 1900 .	6	7	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
degrees in most ( if not all ) subjects require vast amounts of NN learning as well as some intelligence .	8	9	VBP	require	requires
the track that goes from NNP to NNP is standard gauge , which prevents suburban NNS from going to NNP and beyond .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the number of countries in the world is sufficiently low that a set of articles on their mutual travel and immigration restrictions is JJ .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the play remains set in the 1970s rather than updated to contemporary times .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the front side of the church facing the main square retains the original medieval sandstone dating from around the 12th century .	2	10	VBZ	retains	retain
the sum of the first four positive NNS is 33 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
apparently a username is more dangerous than one who wants to quote `` destroy '' wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
like many popular songs of the world , NNP ( plural CD ' ) 's principal theme is the love relationship , typically VBG for a lost love .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
all decisions of the mayor have to be approved by the JJ general council of bucharest .	1	5	VBP	have	has
in 'the office , ' the uk version , ricky NNP says that NN stamps are legal tender - i do n't know if he meant generally or just in england .	7	11	VBZ	says	say
the outside shell is a little NN while the inside made of JJ paste is very sweet .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
additional modifications from the original factory condition include the addition of a NNP NN installed in the bridge position ( not just a covered NNP as once thought ) , a metal NN rod plate , and a NN NN combination replacing the standard NN NN .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
the audience for programming during the morning broadcasting time is often larger and more JJ .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
single arm bar ( JJ lock ) in this technique , the position of the bodies is very similar to the one described just above .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
the JJ egg develops in a NN on the adult 's body and eventually NNS as a juvenile sea NN .	2	3	VBZ	develops	develop
an NNP drive is a hard disk drive which is designed specifically for audio and video purposes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the incumbent minister is stephen NNP NNP , while elizabeth james NNP serves as deputy minister .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the discovery of a mutant NNP attracts the intervention of NNP and NNP .	3	8	VBZ	attracts	attract
some religions VBP , VBP , or limit the drinking of JJ NNS for various reasons .	1	2	VBP	prohibit	prohibits
currently the service only covers certain parts of the NNP valley as a market test .	2	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the answer to that , at least at the household level , is yes .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the employee has to be taken off job immediately to prevent any further damage to his health .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
taking a certain tone can VB an idea that people in the know about computers are RB JJ when it comes to human interaction .	9	15	VBP	are	is
for c programs , it might look for places where a block of memory is not properly freed .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the middle NNP culture is an eastern extension of the NNP NNP culture , ca .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the software center seems to be ( no references ) an NN development group for the parent .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the seat of government is defined by NNP 's politics as `` the building , complex of buildings or city from which a government exercises its authority '' .	23	24	VBZ	exercises	exercise
the summers in NNP are very hot with an average maximum temperature of CD ( CD ) and average minimum temperature of CD ( CD ) in july and august .	1	4	VBP	are	is
actually the land belongs to VB the princess of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	belongs	belong
the problem is more how to make fair arrangements in requesting employees in sydney and NNP attend this meeting .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
memorial services depend on local customs .	1	2	VBP	depend	depends
the tackles are mostly in charge of the outside protection .	1	2	VBP	are	is
speedy no context , exists solely for external link .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
support seems to be a great user .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
because his daughters are hannah montana fans , david , along with his daughters , JJ , as themselves , in the episode `` my best friend 's boyfriend , '' in which they were waiting for a table at a JJ restaurant .	2	3	VBP	are	is
brian may , lead guitarist of legendary rock band queen is a local resident .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
the home holds significance in the town because the dining room was used as a school for two periods of history during the early years of the home .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the top surface of the NN is flat and horizontal , and is held in the tongue of the jack , which permits it to VB moving RB and pass almost RB past the string moving RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
they start to realize that this place is their release from their lives .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this NNP 's eighteen up population is CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
part of his NN remains in the NNP water , around NNP bridge where he was VBN , his blood having VBN into the river .	0	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the risk of this can be reduced if the NNS ( or fake NNS ) have NNS that VBP each other and prevent the NNS becoming displaced and so leading to VBG .	9	15	VBP	have	has
comment this is an RB generic name , and should not be used .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
another possibility is that the name comes from the old NNP god NNP NNP .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
the governing body is the NNP NNP des NNP NNP ( NNP ) underwater rugby commission .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thus the program is essentially JJ , equivalent to using JJ language control structures like the `` for '' and `` while '' NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN factor CD is a cellular target of the NNP rev activation domain VBG NN .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
other forms of habitat loss include the conversion of land for agriculture , including NN operations , and development for other uses such as residential space .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
NNP book fair and festival is a traditional JJ trade fair and festival for the books that have been written in NNP language and published in the previous year .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
while identified as entities , genes exist in groups because evolution NNS cooperation .	5	6	VBP	exist	exists
with the exception of NNS and a JJ scene with NNP VBG the loss of roman life with radical students , the JJ congregations of the 1970s are between NNS and NNS .	23	27	VBP	are	is
the rotation has two angles of rotation , one for each plane of rotation , through which points in the planes VBP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
both species reach a length of 1 m .	1	2	VBP	reach	reaches
VBN , and several of his sons signed their names in that manner , the spelling seems to have been a logical choice .	15	16	VBZ	seems	seem
as the player VBZ songs or other games modes within the career , they earn `` NNP points '' , similar to experience points , which VBP additional features .	2	3	VBZ	completes	complete
the town of NNP itself has a population of 9 , CD .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the mosque has four NNS erected at the corners , each NN is CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other novels include `` NNP sea '' , released in january , 2010 , and `` VBG NNP '' , released in november , 2011 , both by impossible clock productions .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ character of jesus seems fully capable of supernatural power ( not showing up in pictures , for example ) , but chooses a JJ mode of presenting himself .	2	5	VBZ	seems	seem
for this reason , criminal responsibility goes beyond the actual immediate participants at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	goes	go
the video opens with a shot of lights sleeping on her JJ bed , while the NN VBZ his head in NN and leaves the house .	16	17	VBZ	hangs	hang
regional municipalities are usually implemented in census divisions where an VBN cluster of urban centres forms the majority of the division 's area and population .	11	15	VBZ	forms	form
the head has a rounded NN and a pair of JJ NNS near the mouth , rather closer to the eyes than to the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NN is also believed to be the incarnation of shiva `` the destroyer '' whose mission is to destroy evil .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this station is immediately north of the NNP arena , east of the union pacific depot , and south of lds business college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
our current way of dealing with NN is definitely not an excuse for dealing with other forms of disruption through NN in the same JJ way .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the plant grows on slopes that are mostly free of vegetation , terrain that is attractive to JJ vehicle users .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
i think the point of it is to show that many theories that VBP a conspiracy actually turn out to be true .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
its longtime host is karen holmes ward .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the article fails to meet standards for notability since it lacks independent sources that can establish its significance .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
the colour is a JJ yellow , sometimes with grey between the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
with parts stolen from india , pakistan and russia , they hope to build a nuclear explosive device .	1	11	VBP	hope	hopes
this template returns the number of NNS , or mars solar days , between two earth dates .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
in all environments , NNP tactics VBP JJ tactics over concentrated NN .	5	6	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
his recent works include peer-reviewed articles on medieval geographical NN , the JJ german NNP , NNP NNP , and several works on aspects of JJ european demon possession .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
one example of this is the coffee NNP NNP in tokyo , a JJ structure with a capacity of four customers .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the author describes NNP as having `` a lake of JJ fire '' prepared by god for a future date of judgment .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
this project follows the guidelines set forth by our parent project , wikiproject baseball .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
if , by chance , an JJ cell has the ability to VB the immune system , it has a chance to grow and VB , possibly becoming cancer .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
its name most probably comes from the phrase NN SYM - NN area , and refers to burning of forests in slavic times , to make fields .	1	4	VBZ	comes	come
it can safely be VBN that whenever a dispute VBZ between japanese and british interests , captain NNP and his journal will play the part , through thick and thin , of defenders of the japanese .	8	9	VBZ	arises	arise
the issue is not that the rules of chemistry are different , it is that our understanding is limited by where we live , we can not and should not limit our expectations to that which is familiar to us .	6	9	VBP	are	is
business services vary from financial to accounting and reporting services .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
other products also include NN , JJ NNS , plain NNS , available in all NN , sweet and NN varieties .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the framework simply acts to make it plain what it is editors had agreed on and to facilitate a common approach to editing actions in response to that agreement .	1	3	VBZ	acts	act
the nigerian title of the NN is `` second chance '' title by NNP NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
while members of some such groups believe such NNS are approved or endorsed by law , particularly by the second amendment to the united states constitution , they are in no way public authorities or organized military or national guard units of the country or their state .	1	6	VBP	believe	believes
the protein NN is removed through mass transfer , while the cleaning agent continues to VB through the soil , increasing NN formation .	12	13	VBZ	continues	continue
only a few compounds of NN have been tested for their acute NN ; two examples are JJ NN and NN NN , which were VBN as a solution into rats .	15	16	VBP	are	is
lie 's playing style is aggressive and JJ , and he is known as a dangerous NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
notability guidelines go both JJ while they typically identify things that belong in the encyclopedia , things not identified by them RB belong , and things that are identified by them do not necessarily belong .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
each class has a unique set of spells that other classes can not obtain ( although some spells are shared with creatures living in NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i believe a photograph makes for a better , more encyclopedic NN of a given object than a drawing of that object does .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
british forces capture NNP in libya .	1	2	VBP	capture	captures
holy NNS ( NNS ) according to orthodox theology , the purpose of the christian life is to VB NN , the JJ union of NN with god .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( NNP ) is old region name , there people get surname NNP ( NNP ) .	10	11	VBP	get	gets
it is not clear what effect VBG has on the development of NNS or NN .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
the three principal islamic organizations are the islamic congress , the islamic council , and the [ asian ] muslim community .	4	5	VBP	are	is
in 1967 , he published NNP ; illustrated by drawings and photographs , the book detailed not only how NNS and NNS work but also how to extract the most speed from them , and has been described as the `` classic account of the NN 's art '' .	19	22	VBP	work	works
golden NN can not be a breed unless this particular breed is JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP traditional NNS include NNS , legends , tales , and oral histories preserved by the NNP people of the NNP river basin of the southern sierra nevada in california .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the canton of NNP is a french administrative division in the county of NNP and region NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
if another article has them , please remove them .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these two lights are invisible from each other and the VBG stretch is JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the service VBZ feeds that a user reads , and then VBZ other feeds that may interest the reader .	6	7	VBZ	reads	read
blow flies are usually the first insects to come in contact with NN because they have the ability to VB dead animal matter from up to away .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the only difference is that she is actually talented and got to do a record and was known all across the world - NNP are limited to the uk ( as all the contestants are ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
local names for this bird include the portuguese NN and the spanish NN and NN ( VBN ) in colombia .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
fishing season is RBS during the summer months .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after a gap of around 30 years , new NN NNS are once again being built in belfast , birmingham ( some are for wealthy people , e .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP system can let the users perform detailed analysis of all the pressure points or NNS located on the pipe at different intervals .	5	6	VBP	perform	performs
the olympic records for NN are for the competition format established in 1992 .	2	5	VBP	are	is
roots of the NNS provide a valuable source of protein , minerals , and NNS .	0	4	VBP	provide	provides
english influence is also visible in his work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but miller theorem is not only an effective tool for creating equivalent circuits ; it is also a powerful tool for designing and understanding circuits based on VBG NN by additional voltage .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
currently , the hospital is a part of the mercy health partners network .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the format of the author names in the citations follows the commonly used vancouver system .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow
donations comprise its largest source of income , though it also relies heavily on the income from its various historic NNS .	0	1	VBP	comprise	comprises
the researchers suggest that the explicit statement regarding social boundaries makes participants comply to avoid engaging in JJ conflict .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
NNP 's NNP chemical name is `` JJ , NNP ( ( 1 , JJ ) NN ) NN '' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
since the discussion is open , please stop continuing the disruptive behavior .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the notion here is that we already have articles on the occupy movement in general , as well as on occupy canada , which covers the protests in every city ( including windsor ) .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the festival of NNP marks the day when winter begins to turn into summer , according to the hindu calendar .	8	9	VBZ	begins	begin
studio facilities today are at CD NNP street in downtown port NNP .	1	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's institutional role is also that of a graduate school where knowledge is transmitted to young phd students .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
trains VBG at the station connect the town to prominent cities in india such as NNP , NNP , chennai , mumbai , bangalore , NNP , NNP , new delhi , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP and so forth .	0	5	VBP	connect	connects
NN 's work , and so whether it is a subtle NN of NNP 's NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
it is quiet , but i think that it is precisely when the sea is calm that you most strongly sense its terrible depth .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the reservoir 's maximum capacity is 29 , 800 NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the coming boom time for the region VBZ NNP to establish a law and order authority that the two VBG clans refuse to recognize .	20	21	VBP	refuse	refuses
note that public display generally does not amount to publication .	3	5	VBZ	does	do
underneath the living VBZ , the plants typically produce JJ material or allow previous leaves to die , creating an NN effect .	6	8	VBP	produce	produces
the university has the student recreation center ( NNP ) , which was the largest student recreation center in the united states when it was opened in 2001 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this category includes railroads that operate or have operated in north dakota .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
one such prominent feature here is the presence of NNP is exactly the same from as occurs in NNP sculptures it should be remembered that at NNP even in the eastern NNP temple NNP is VBN from NNP as this figure is a favourite one .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
as far as i 'm concerned , these NNS have no authority or binding weight whatsoever .	8	9	VBP	have	has
but that does not mean that the labour unions are not factual in their content , anymore than a newspaper can be JJ ' .	8	9	VBP	are	is
also , the tunnels used by the prisoners are more extensive , full of activities such as VBG , the production of JJ NN NNS as NNS supposedly sold in berlin , and a steam room and NN for the prisoners .	3	8	VBP	are	is
NNP monkey is a spa who was not part of the mediation , is not seeking to VB on the talk page , and seems only to wish to push her pov on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a woman usually experiences cycle length variations of up to eight days between the NN and longest cycle lengths .	1	3	VBZ	experiences	experience
the traditional NN is the `` JJ mate '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town features many hiking trails and paths cover the hills and forests of this area , which is well known for its mountain NN opportunities .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a list is simply a means of organizing JJ items in order to create information , so that line of criticism could probably be used on any list .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the collections include artifacts pertaining to native history and maritime history .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS , NNS , NNS and roman catholics , some JJ churches also exist .	11	13	VBP	exist	exists
the family NNP is a group of small JJ NN birds .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
located in the urban heart of the town of NNP , this school also receives students from the entire western region of puerto rico .	12	14	VBZ	receives	receive
systems analysis takes a complex problem and sorts out the NN of significant factors so that each can be studied by the method most appropriate to it .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
NNP apologize for the confusion , the article that is now up of the site is simply a template with the basic shell outline of the band .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
as with any benefit program , NN requirements seem unfair to some NNS .	7	8	VBP	seem	seems
these NNS lie , in terms of performance and cost , between carbon steel and low NN steel .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
once a player does something significant , like make the starting 11 , or score a goal , or was recognized by the NNS for a JJ performance as a late game NN over a series of games , that player made an impact and became notable .	2	3	VBZ	does	do
the nearest town is NNP , and the closest city is galway , less than twenty kilometres away .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
operation chaos features an alternate america in which flying NNS are a major form of transportation , along with NNS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the entire state of iowa , for example , is within the NN areas of the cubs , white sox , NNP , twins , cardinals , and NNS .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
no fewer than fifty are on display at any time throughout the museum , including many historic NNS such as NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the template connects only articles about this ( allegedly ) NNP idea and VBZ all the other ( i .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
RB important hosts are NNP NNS and the NNP and NNP species due to their cultivation for crops and export .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in most code , a block fits in a JJ so it 's easy to see what 's going on as you VBP NNS through the source code reading as you go .	5	6	VBZ	fits	fit
all known blocks also are present in the goals section which VBZ a goal configuration which VBZ all blocks .	2	4	VBP	are	is
so i propose that this discussion stays open a few more days .	5	6	VBZ	stays	stay
items offered for sale include NN , NNS , NNS , NNS , home NN , natural NN products and NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
a helicopter VBZ NNP , as the NNS proceed with their mission to VB the government with the threat of VBG the NN in a civilian area .	7	8	VBP	proceed	proceeds
an JJ NN NN complex , the system consists of JJ freshwater lakes , and the NNS and interior river NNS associated with the peace river .	7	8	VBZ	consists	consist
in the student council ( or NNP ) , the entire JJ student body ( the middle school ) VBZ a NNP president from the eighth grade class .	13	19	VBZ	selects	select
a NN delivery is where the hand is between shoulder height and NN height ; after NN was VBN in 1835 with the bowler allowed to deliver the ball at shoulder height , it was not long before some NNS began to raise the hand above the shoulder .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a figure is a pattern of movement that typically takes eight counts , although figures with four or 16 counts are also common .	14	20	VBP	are	is
absent a reasonable finding of fact that kelly , or anybody else for that matter , has edited anything to do with this request for arbitration , i believe this principle is unnecessary .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
however , the dominant force actually seems to be NN , with NNS more likely than rough waters to break up a fresh NN before it is buried .	4	6	VBZ	seems	seem
other sections need some more minor NN to confirm to summary style conventions .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the NNP framework assumes that humans have both JJ rational ( meaning JJ , socially helping , and constructive ) and JJ ( meaning JJ , socially defeating , and JJ ) NNS and NNS .	5	6	VBP	have	has
instead , we RB estimate data NN by making a strong assumption that every compound has the same NN as a negative reference in a plate in the screen .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
its biggest sites are NNP , quebec , NNP , colorado , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , princeton , new jersey , and wilson , north carolina .	2	3	VBP	are	is
but as the men argue the prisoner 's destiny , NNS VBP .	3	4	VBP	argue	argues
delete , RB my search for rs also fails , and i have found no evidence that the books in the NNP mention this web game ( as far as i can tell , they mention NNS in the context of eve online ) .	4	8	VBZ	fails	fail
same-sex marriages stop as of november 5 .	1	2	VBP	stop	stops
my favourite JJ NN is the spanish d , short for de .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP systems cover much of the southern point .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
they leave JJ and , when defined , the group composition law holds .	11	12	VBZ	holds	hold
important artists in this genre include manuel NNP , josé NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP and NNP NNP de NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
danny is convinced that the only thing that can save him is god .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP process is a batch process in which RB VBD VBN NN and NN are mixed , VBN , and charged in NNS made of JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the company 's books on NN are `` mostly NNS of fairly advanced texts , `` [ i ] VBG at least 16 books by world war ii NNS william f .	3	6	VBP	are	is
its JJ movement to the north between may and june is JJ with the beginning of the NN regime and JJ seasons across south and east asia .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
each player starts with one in their capital territory .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
NNP 's other great comedy is this CD play , which was based on a JJ work by NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a flat disk is thus strong for JJ loads in the plane of the disk and also for NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS in this ring are JJ NNS or NNS specific to a product that the company sells .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as a result , both sides fall unconscious from their enemies ' assault ; leaving only NNP standing .	5	6	VBP	fall	falls
the number of regular NNS at these churches is unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the writer uses the revised outline to write the first draft of the script while the other writers work on developing the next .	17	18	VBP	work	works
in fact , their threat is greater than the original NNP NN policy , because these restrictions VBP an official secrets act on every federal employee or contractor , not just those with security NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
due to the proximity of the mississippi river , the interchange is a partial NN , as a diamond interchange would extend over the river .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the leaf blades are up to 12 NNS long and are RB divided into many subdivided NNS , the smallest segments linear or JJ and pointed .	2	3	VBP	are	is
enforcement is strict and the laws are JJ , with the government stance being JJ opposition to NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the north side of the green also carries a plaque to the JJ collins 's music hall , which burned down in 1958 .	2	7	VBZ	carries	carry
initially , the center focused on issues specific to the southwestern united states , but today its mission encompasses JJ problems such as global threats to biological diversity and climate change .	17	18	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
people , he argues , are not NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is
delete or JJ if creator wants it .	4	5	VBZ	wants	want
the commander of this corporation , colonel NNP , is the primary NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
as the young lovers express their love for each other and their NN at NNP 's NN , NNP arrives carrying a bloody sword .	3	4	VBP	express	expresses
the lead is there to provide an overview of the topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
there is a longer recovery when compared to other sleep NN NNS , since the bones of the face have to VB into their new position .	15	19	VBP	have	has
information on the JJ succession in the NNP NN for the remainder of the NN and the whole of the 18th century is equally JJ .	0	22	VBZ	is	are
seymour feeds NNP 's body to the now huge NNP ii , and the plant VBZ it with JJ NN ( `` act i finale '' ) .	14	15	VBZ	consumes	consume
the museum contains exhibits on the history of the local area , including NNP indians , spanish NNS and the development of melbourne beach .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the principal deity temple of shiva has a 5 feet diameter by 5 feet tall shiva NNP .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
the songs differ from their JJ counterparts in that they had yet to be properly VBN , and that the titles for many songs were different .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
NNP , 1937 - at NNP station a woman wants to throw herself under a subway train but is saved by a railway official .	8	9	VBZ	wants	want
the first disc consists of stem files that can be used in computer applications such as NNP to produce NNS .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the NNP program gives users JJ usage as well as being featured on the `` who 's live '' page , 25 coins from the NN NN and a NNP badge on the user 's profile picture .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
it 's the unique approaches that each contributor has that makes the wikipedia what it is .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
jon NNP of the new york times writes that NNP 's version of dance music on the album draws on `` the club music of the early 1990s '' .	11	18	VBZ	draws	draw
since most cd players assume that the JJ area contains only silence , they VBP it .	3	4	VBP	assume	assumes
this phenomenon is notable in successful organizations , where the resulting diversity of ideas is thought to promote an innovative environment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wikiproject airports as they are the ones making it their policy to add these lists to all airport articles .	1	4	VBP	are	is
a complex NN shape VBZ when the dimensions of a NN NN are elaborate , having multiple levels of relationships , and the child tables have multiple parent tables ( `` NNS in the road '' ) .	3	4	VBZ	emerges	emerge
soil removal there is also complete .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
these figures would indicate that whites still form a majority of the dna database records , but that individual groups within ethnic communities have a JJ presence on the database relative to their numbers .	19	23	VBP	have	has
it is VBN that JJ JJ NNS arise during the JJ stage of bone growth , within the first six weeks of NN .	6	7	VBP	arise	arises
the home batting helmet is identical to the primary home cap .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
points are scored on how well the dog looks on point , and how well he holds his point .	7	8	VBZ	looks	look
even though many sources cite that resident work hours have decreased , residents are commonly encouraged or forced to hide their work hours to appear to comply with the 80 hour limits .	3	4	VBP	cite	cites
NNP 's well-known habit of carrying around his own drinks in a private hip NN allows JJ to take the NNP NNP as needed without raising suspicion .	3	15	VBZ	allows	allow
the journal VBZ ideas such as NN , the NN of mind , the NN of memory of place , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
the `` NNP trilogy '' version of NNP prime is a fictional character of this branch of NNPS NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the school , which opened in 1996 , serves CD and is part of the NNP independent school district .	1	8	VBZ	serves	serve
other decorative features include several NNS of religious subjects by NNP NNP , NNP NNP and christian c .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the large-scale programme of NN advocated by this model requires huge investments which are beyond the means of the private sector .	2	9	VBZ	requires	require
while color is not a NN , it says NN about the portal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a plaque is still visible from the road along the lake showing the house NNP , VBN from the long march , NN in .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP , `` my book is about NN and NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
oppose , JJ behaviour and trivial consideration of blocks is not what we need .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
vocational skills engage women in agriculture , livestock , food processing , various jobs in the service industry , textile and NNS , and other NNS .	1	2	VBP	engage	engages
the only problem for me is that i would prefer it to be written out in full instead of using a template .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
as years go by , software developers continually VBP the programs to increase the quality of the JJ decisions ( make them `` NN '' ) so that the need for manual NNS becomes increasingly rare .	29	33	VBZ	becomes	become
higher NNS apply when boarding or VBG JJ .	1	2	VBP	apply	applies
article consists mostly of a feature list in a pretty promotional language .	0	1	VBZ	consists	consist
the cast includes robert NNP , who later became famous as NNP on the tv show of the same name .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
large parts of the article are unsourced , sources are not VBN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
some student accommodation is also available .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS stand out is that editors who RB disagree over one or more issues are generally very happy to work together in areas not affected by that issue , sometimes even when those NNS have been RB hostile .	5	14	VBP	are	is
the northern NN has a VBG depicting st george and the dragon .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
some older cars still display both front and rear plates .	2	4	VBP	display	displays
heat death is an JJ condition , not a finish line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the subject is mentioned there , so at the very least a redirect is appropriate .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this train covers the distance between chennai and bangalore in 6 NN 5 min .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
if the feeling against this template is that strong , templates for deletion should rapidly arrive at the same conclusion that NNP did .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
recent NNS include operation NNP in NNP and operation NNP in the democratic republic of the congo .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the storyline of club dead forms the basis of true blood 's third season .	1	5	VBZ	forms	form
a particular problem with scouting articles is the addition of unit links to articles that are of a national or JJ scope .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS function returns 0 , JJ number .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
this effective NN model determines the purchase price based on NN rate applied to the purchase price and the funds used to pay the NNS .	3	4	VBZ	determines	determine
updates are better handled in the table which part of this article .	0	1	VBP	are	is
nowadays , many japanese houses have only one NN , which is sometimes used for VBG guests , and most rooms are JJ .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the aim of each level of the game is for a player 's wizard to reach a portal which appears after a JJ number of turns .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP argument , which was not discussed , but clearly location is a consideration in determining notability .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the highly VBN green JJ character is usually naked except for orange NN and NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the ranking shows the district 's `` use of technology to VB the district , communicate with students , parents and the community and to improve district operations '' .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
when VBG for vandalism this type of vandalism often takes some time to revert - it is not straight vandalism , so the article has to be checked manually to determine if the change is correct or JJ .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
the original title VBN of NN , the revised one is worse .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
our understanding of the big bang begins with the NNP NNP , when the universe was 1 NNP time old and 1 NNP length in diameter , and had a NNP temperature of 1 .	1	6	VBZ	begins	begin
the second version of the video mostly features NNP performing the song and VBZ many of the party scenes .	2	7	VBZ	features	feature
also , it is not at all easy for him to VB actual match reports of leagues , so once the website has a JJ league record ( they have it since 2006 for serbian NNP ) VBG NNS become much more difficult because implies VBG entire match reports .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
the digital phase NN appears to be the first fully JJ device to generate balanced JJ ac service from JJ service .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
bay harbor 's town center , the village at bay harbor , has NNS and restaurants where the former cement plant once stood .	4	12	VBZ	has	have
the mountain NNS , the only places where visitors are permitted spend a night into the park , are very good places to stay if you like to complete higher objectives .	2	11	VBP	spend	spends
this happening still has its effects in present day in the form of street names and the names of NNS in the city .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
i think that these helpful , but JJ comments are only subjective reasons .	8	9	VBP	are	is
NNP 's idea of the historical drama is unique for a spanish NN , for he seems to regard the historical drama as being capable of VBG closely to facts .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the articles on this page are all related to the japanese children manga magazine NNP comic , published by NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the nevada wolf pack football program represents the university of nevada , NNP ( commonly referred to as `` nevada '' in athletics ) in college football .	5	6	VBZ	represents	represent
its current chairman is larry english , and its district manager NNP prince .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP JJ steel NNS contain 0 .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
quantity of NN chemicals near NNP is significantly higher than background level in another countries , e .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
this page presents the results of the men 's and women 's volleyball tournament during the 2002 central american and caribbean games , which was held from november 28 to december 8 , 2002 in san salvador , el salvador .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
even the nominator admits this list is informative and useful , so i am at a loss as to why it should be deleted other than at the NN of someone who seems to think being gay is a bad thing .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
his novels consist mostly of NN NNS , principally spy fiction but also crime fiction and NNP such as the big country .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
a JJ statue of pierre NNP stands on a hill west of NNP overlooking the town , looking north toward the ranch twelve miles away , and some of his remains are contained in the base of the statue .	2	6	VBZ	stands	stand
the law also requires that the JJ mechanism must be able to process NN requests for at least 30 days after the transmission of the original message .	1	3	VBZ	requires	require
the CD square metre wooden house extends over 10 levels , and was built with JJ materials .	5	6	VBZ	extends	extend
however , in hawaiian music , hawaiian guitar means VBP string guitar , played in the conventional or spanish position .	7	8	VBZ	means	mean
the article is now fairly VB distinct ( significantly improved relative to the afd , which happened while it was still in the process of being built .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this construction is common in speech and is used even in formal speech settings , but it is less common in formal written texts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the road links four islands to the mainland , crossing four NNS known collectively as the churchill NNP , which were built during world war ii as naval NNS to protect the natural harbour of NNP flow after a successful attack by a german NN .	1	2	VBZ	links	link
if an apple is not eaten during the given NN , three extra NNS are to be eaten .	13	14	VBP	are	is
their unusual arrangements and JJ NNS make their music JJ to anything else being produced today in the genre of celtic fusion music .	2	6	VBP	make	makes
the way gas NNS work is you want to make sure that you never turn on the gas without NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the project has CD NN articles .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , NN is not a basic or JJ science in its typical form .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some countries consider you a veteran if you served in the armed forces during the time of the war .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
the postal address for the university is saint NNP , ny CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
traditionally the method for VBG the juice from the NNS involves placing sweet NN or hair NNS between the layers of NN .	2	10	VBZ	involves	involve
the bottom of challenger deep is probably fairly rocky , and the water is probably fairly still , which might help , but there could still be NNS of the sea bed .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the boston globe series part 3 story makes this clear .	6	7	VBZ	makes	make
if all the players of one team RB leave the NN , the NN continues , with the JJ line for the leaving players the front foot of the leading player still in the NN .	3	8	VBP	leave	leaves
the only guys , who should be sorry , are those of the translation websites .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the heir apparent is his son , NNP henry michael herbert , lord herbert , born on 21 october 2012 .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ VBN NNP NNP , the swiss NN , and his style has all the artificial NN and NN of the JJ school .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
RB , the grammar example VBZ us of this distinction .	4	5	VBZ	reminds	remind
the purpose of the NNP regulation is to encourage JJ health and safety and protect workers and individuals present at NNS in british columbia from JJ risks to health , safety , and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the unnamed character appears in the credits as `` NNP willie '' .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP is a JJ man whose exterior NN VBZ a JJ interior .	7	8	VBZ	hides	hide
a cover girl is a young female model appearing on the cover of a magazine .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some plants cause JJ reactions when VBN , while other plants cause food NNS that RB affect health .	10	11	VBP	cause	causes
the hall is a listed building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
today a bus service runs once each way on alternative days connecting to NNP , NNP and local villages .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
its powers include pink heat waves from the eyes , swimming , JJ arms , pink NN NNS , flight , and JJ NN from stomach .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in fact the translation of the name of NNP to english is ( roughly ) `` movement of people affected by NNP '' .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS take a lot of pride in cooking skills and methods and their many secrets lie in the variety of ways they mix special NNS .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
unlike scientific fields , art is one of the few subjects that are RB organized according to technique [ 1 ] .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBD to the choice ; some reports hold that he asked his colleagues not to vote for him at all .	7	8	VBP	hold	holds
his comments are not about the current dispute as all the edits VBP around NNP 's edits regarding propaganda terms , and his comments are about something completely different .	1	2	VBP	are	is
furthermore , in politics , this kind of NN is often RB spread .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the facade of the church is RB tall , common in JJ NNS , extending about 50 meters in height .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
such a comment makes me concerned that this is being made more into a personal issue than one that is about wikipedia and article editing .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the kids grow up not knowing they are sisters .	1	2	VBP	grow	grows
this article fails notability criteria as there are no primary or secondary sources which would establish notability as a `` very popular restaurant '' .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
it might therefore be a good idea to add a `` do you want to be able to carry on using the old name after being renamed '' section to the template people use to make requests .	32	33	VBP	use	uses
the select committee consists of people not only from the NNS , but also the people who could be affected by the bill is passed into law .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the movie also features maria NNP , ryan NNP and country singer tim NNP , who also served as executive producer of the soundtrack album .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
call for deletion is JJ at best .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
this enzyme VBZ in JJ acid NN via NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
in arts , for example , different views of art are always present .	7	10	VBP	are	is
the site of NN is prepared JJ solution and JJ NNS are applied .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this activity is currently illegal under both state and federal law , with the parameters of california 's NNP CD giving medical NN producers and users only a legal defense against prosecution .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN consists of one or more small , JJ flower heads lined with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the present school incorporates part of the charter school which was set up in CD under the royal charter .	2	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
NNP 's other NN , his sister NNP , is married to music producer dave NNP ( ian brown , NNP mode and others ) .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia is not therapy has some JJ things to say about this whole affair .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
unless VBN , treaties VBN by the NNP republic remain in force for germany .	3	9	VBP	remain	remains
the paintings in the church are by NNP NNP , the altar is the work of NNP NNP , and the stations of the cross are by leopold layer .	1	5	VBP	are	is
you could possibly merge to eve online , but i personally think that would be a waste of time at this point , especially when more information comes in .	26	27	VBZ	comes	come
the most advanced method is the state of a NN ( NN ) , a fully ordained NN of the buddha 's teachings .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this episode features the first appearance of `` the evil monkey '' who lives inside one of the NNS in the griffin house .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the NN over the bed and over the VBG table mirror indicate that the old earl has died and the son is now earl NNP .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
an example of this is on the credits for the american artists albums which states i .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that the apollo 8 flight journal currently only goes up to the third orbit of the moon and the other sources ( a man on the moon , genesis ) really only give a JJ overview of this part of the mission .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other family members include monica evans , who VBD joan NNP in NNP and later became become a NNP sister in `` the odd couple '' and is the voice of NNP NNP in robin hood .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP baker 's novel , the NNP ( 1988 ) , includes a detailed discussion of various types of drinking NNS experienced by the narrator and their relative merits .	3	11	VBZ	includes	include
man is wolf to man ( isbn CD ) from the latin NNP JJ NN is a memoir by NNP NNP , primarily surrounding the years during world war ii .	0	1	VBZ	Is	Are
the future of the site as a functioning airport after such a sale is unclear .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
residential development on the north shore continues to rapidly VB NNS .	1	6	VBZ	continues	continue
lee NNP argues that the NNP policy is unfair .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
tibet , le pays NN , JJ par le NNP NNP , NNP , 2000 isbn CD .	2	3	VBZ	pays	pay
comment this is a little JJ .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this may apply to application software with which users interact , comprising the `` look and feel '' of the system , its appearance and the things that have to be done to achieve desired results .	8	9	VBP	interact	interacts
thus , the NNS witness the real NNS of the red sea , the NNS of the battle of NNP bay , the antarctic ice NNS , and the fictional JJ land of NNP .	3	4	VBP	witness	witnesses
as i said above , all other activity looks great - i was at first truly in support .	7	8	VBZ	looks	look
in differential geometry , NNP 's minimal surface is a JJ family of minimal surfaces described by NNP NNP in a JJ paper published in 1867 .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
cape NNP cottage has a facade consisting of an entrance , two windows on one side and one window on the other side and is set on a typical low granite foundation .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
i 'm not sure whether norwegian or british law is applicable .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
for example , its yield from NNP is 0 .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
members of the NNP traditionally VBP from previous united netherlands NNS .	0	5	VBP	originate	originates
this act allows local communities to obtain forest management rights from the ministry of the environment and tourism .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
comment just to note , the fact that a source is not in english , does not make it any less of a reliable source .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
another issue is the brazilian official chart .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
aid is an NN for the three NNS of the magazine - architecture , interior design and design - and it is also the three categories of the award .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the technique for removing or VBG a contact lens varies depending upon whether the lens is soft or JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
yeah , your argument is JJ drama would be JJ indeed .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the list is VBG the same text from the individual articles , and starting from the NN that those articles are not NNS of outside text themselves , then per our license , we allow for free VBN .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the wedding of victoria , crown princess of sweden , and daniel NNP takes place in stockholm .	1	13	VBZ	takes	take
more specialized events include the north lincolnshire music and drama festival in march , a beer festival in may , and the NNP acoustic music festival in early september .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the cap is NN like ; grey or VB brown when young , later VBG red or dark purple from the rim , up to 12 cm in diameter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main families of NN are the NN of which ali NN , NN , NN , NN , NN NN and NN NNS are the sub NNS and NNS of which NN NN , JJ NN and NN NNS are the sub NNS .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the downtown NNP campus of the university comprises a complex of ten buildings located west of the health sciences centre between NNP ave and william ave in central winnipeg .	3	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the hospital provides support to NNP kelly 's children first foundation , mercy care and the way .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the losses of the russian armies are hard to assess .	1	6	VBP	are	is
information taken from the plot itself is not independent reliable source material .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
i have no doubt the song is actual , but the page is unsourced and the song is JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if the publisher likes the manuscript they sign the author .	2	3	VBZ	likes	like
and both answers assume the text file is not VBN .	2	3	VBP	assume	assumes
thus there would be a little home for JJ societies , wizard states and NNS ( while real world examples are JJ enough ) .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the names of the other three men are still fully visible on the ship 's record .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the book is also good for scholars in the role of islam in resistance movements in the americas before and after slavery .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main building consists of two NNS under a high half VBD RB roof .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
although NNP is a separate corporation from the church of NNP international , whose president and chief NN is NNP NNP , NNP is the effective leader of the movement .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
after the number comes up , rick tells him to let it all ride .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
this enzyme is present in NNP NN , s .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if this were kept , an JJ summary of the game is not encyclopedic and it would have to be VBN down considerably and have its notability asserted by something other than a JJ assertion .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the clubs include the twelve club , hosted by the NN , the NNP club hosted by the deputy NN , the NNP circle , hosted by the director of studies , and the tom barrett society , hosted by the school NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the album features NNP 's NN , JJ NNS , however lacks vocals of any kind .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the story of both films involves a married couple moving into a new home and VBG the NN of removal men .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
the representative from the 3rd district is rosa l .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the orchestra program consists of the chamber strings and the symphony orchestra .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
songs highlighted in red are national day parade theme songs .	0	4	VBP	are	is
there 's no place like ) home for the holidays '' , '' everybody loves a lover and `` chances are '' .	19	20	VBP	Are	Is
statistics for each character are held in the game 's battery backup and the game functions almost like a JJ world .	14	15	VBZ	functions	function
this table is already in place at ph ( and has been there in much the same form for three years ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the major authority of the religious of the sacred heart of mary is the general superior , who , with the general council have residence in rome , italy .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles about villages and other settlements , excluding towns , in NNP county , poland .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
i asked about what it was he plans to edit if the block was lifted ( the response is here ) .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
NN ; NNP de NNP NNS la NN ; NNP no .	5	6	VBP	la	la
i believe that further questions if they are useful and well JJ make JJ candidates more likely to pass rather than less so .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP 7 , NNP engine family has 5 failures during its use in NNP 1 - 4 rockets .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
different factors affect the NN and time assignment of each vessel .	1	2	VBP	affect	affects
other recurring topics include copenhagen , malta , the teachings of donald duck , NNS of american culture and the NNP , which the u .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the legs produced in the NN are RB different than the NN and NN legs .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the issue is that the pages get into the categories by virtue of the or similar tag on the talk pages , not by normal NN of the page .	5	6	VBP	get	gets
the name is a NN of NNP ( the common NN of NN ) and NN to indicate the fact that the sensor protein VBZ a NN change and VBZ at an altered NN upon calcium binding to the NN element of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , back on the farm , the rest of the family finds itself in the NN of an indian tribal war .	8	12	VBZ	finds	find
this village is associates with a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his three most recent books of poems are happy life his collection of narrative poems , NNP , was VBN in an expanded edition by chelsea green publishing company in 1999 .	4	7	VBP	are	is
west and south west of the village the land is predominantly state forests and crown land VBN by the morton national park .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
weak support when looking over these comments i expected the worst , but the article in question appears more than ready to become fa , aside from the stability issue ( which would likely become more evident in the coming months ) .	14	17	VBZ	appears	appear
a JJ interest rate for VBG periods less than a year is always lower than the equivalent rate with annual NN ( this immediately follows from elementary JJ NNS of the formula for compound interest ) .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the links go to local publications or myspace .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
the reason for this is the long NNS were easier to VB with an NN than to take to a NN due to poor transportation routes .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the set includes the NNP product , then extra features like it VBZ your movements then the `` vocal '' copies your actions .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the device is similar in form to a xbox 360 controller , with two analog NNS , a NNP , and other buttons .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rocky cliffs are a haven for birds of prey such as the cape NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its mission is to `` enable JJ discovery by connecting people with knowledge '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most powerful waste is from the hall effect current .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the document is notable ( it was quoted in numerous books ) , but the title of the article is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the chemical industries are also found in other parts of the district like NNP industrial estate , NNP road , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the glass doors of the portal , representing the passion of christ , are the work of the NNP priest NNP from NNP .	2	13	VBP	are	is
the constitutional complaint is not a popular action .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
limits and NNS are important special cases of universal NNS .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the climate is NNP climate classification cold JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some related things are on my talk page .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this features the first , and only , time one of the NNS actually makes an appearance in the segment itself , with animal trainer NNP NNP coming out and VBG the two dead teenagers about what led to their death .	8	14	VBZ	makes	make
the resort features a marina designed to dock large NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
one deck of 52 cards is used , ace is the highest .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
indian family has relevance to the general public .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP syndrome , or NNP , is an JJ chronic condition characterized by JJ NN of most NNS following consumption .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile the chorus VBZ eternal questions about time and space repeatedly , growing in volume and intensity .	2	3	VBZ	poses	pose
if that were not enough , the user attempts to use the [ [ unesco ] ] 's statement on the matter of the [ [ NNP de NNP ] ] in order to fit his particular pov in the article [ [ NNP ] ] .	7	8	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the interior room is approximately 4 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to the asian human rights commission , `` NNP allegedly signed a NN , but her lawyers argue that the NN was made under NN and , more importantly , NNP had no access to a translator during the initial questioning after she was arrested in 2005 .	17	18	VBP	argue	argues
my reference , of course , is to VB , whose comments are telling .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the history section is large enough that it needs discussion in the NN , and i maintain that the NNPS are relevant to the NN as the most likely origin of the practice of liver NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all the libraries of the five NNP campuses ( milan , NNP , NNP , rome and NNP ) use a JJ general catalogue .	2	19	VBP	use	uses
NNP thermal spring is one of the most important springs of the province NNP thermal spring , NNP ( NNP NNP ) thermal spring and NNP thermal spring are the other thermal springs of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unblock once the NN arrangements are complete and accepted - the olive branch extended by s .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the text reads , `` NN , you lifted up the NN who was VBN , you VBD the blind and the NN .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
JJ NN previous NNP models , early NNP machines have the cpu mounted in an expansion board ; the NN does not have an integrated cpu .	8	9	VBP	have	has
on the recording , separate musical NNS enter as if from various human voices in JJ conversation .	6	7	VBP	enter	enters
it is important to note that NN surgery is not JJ with cut and paste NN , as highlighted by this trivial example .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
three volumes of corpus NNP NNP appear in the closing credits of the perry mason television series .	1	6	VBP	appear	appears
the golf course is a peter NNP signature golf course , designed by NNP hardy design .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP , goddess of the sea , protect these NNS , and these `` dark NNS '' often work against their former society .	15	18	VBP	work	works
however , further research is necessary to determine what other variables directly affect the distribution of volcano NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
labs are always difficult to photograph .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this content dispute is the NN of dispute resolution .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
new JJ NNS are also able to manufacture tools by breaking NNS off NNS and then VBG them in order to produce functional stick tools .	2	3	VBP	are	is
if legal proceedings were initiated by editor a over editor b with regards to a disagreement over content , the matter would be VBN out of court ; a public disagreement is not JJ , and neither volunteer could RB be JJ in any other NN .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
a sequence is an ordered list of transactions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additionally , some schools which offer an NNP degree also offer degrees in electrical engineering or computer science separately .	3	10	VBP	offer	offers
the NNP course takes place mostly in the mar del NNP area .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the NNP technique is much like the point of this story ; seemingly JJ yet JJ in its application .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oppose answers to questions all NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP provide JJ evidence of a complete lack of policy knowledge .	1	14	VBP	provide	provides
a popular resort is NNP resort , located CD feet above sea level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's mother , a character not shown whose dialogue appears from NN , often VBZ into the conversation , mostly with JJ criticism of her NN .	9	10	VBZ	appears	appear
the device features JJ social applications for facebook , twitter , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
flag of the NNP valley italy the flag of the NNP valley consists of two vertical stripes ( the left black the right red ) , sometimes with the arms of the NNP valley in the centre .	0	12	VBZ	consists	consist
any child whose parents are a member of the portuguese cultural association , are welcomed to attend the NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
however , some critics assert that this has led to the emergence of such JJ groups as NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	assert	asserts
as with ireland ( island ) , i believe that the article about the nation state has to give way to the context article in terms of priority .	11	16	VBZ	has	have
both types of NNS have extensive application where artistic lighting effects are desired , particularly in `` black box '' NNS and environments such as theaters , bars , NNS , etc .	1	4	VBP	have	has
a JJ earthquake begins by an initial NN at a point on the fault surface , a process known as NN .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
among the most common south african NNS , the NN shark is JJ to humans and difficult to approach underwater .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the most widely adopted NN for investigating NN involves comparing problems on which participants take a break during solving with problems on which participants work for a continuous period .	23	24	VBP	work	works
however , as noted above , the JJ theorem also holds for normal operators on a NNP space .	8	10	VBZ	holds	hold
the tournament is one of the many south american club competitions that have been organised by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game features three game boards .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
research suggests that VBZ done after this date can cause the estimated due date to become less accurate , with the longer time that passes .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
other places of historical interest nearby are NNP NNP and the NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
but NNP and NNP should be VBN because that little sentence in this one tiny article is the foundation of a new era in science , and in evolutionary science , and the double NN , as important and interesting as it is , is not the same thing .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
this score ranges from 300 to 900 with 900 being the best score .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the route is a JJ rural highway its complete length which NNS and at times meets interstate 40 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reason why i bring this up is because such actions have a created a VBN , JJ , RB confusing read on the NNP cylinder page and the history of human rights article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP deployment is available to enterprise customers within private clouds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ margin is RB JJ bordered by a broad , JJ band of JJ blue NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , dennis and his mother , mrs NNP , are political NNS and deny that any king who has not been elected by the people has any legitimate right to rule over them .	17	26	VBZ	has	have
list guidelines , as typically television actors are notable for the very reason of being in certain notable television shows .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the JJ variety of NN is pale blue .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the numbers of NNP are also very prominent in NNP .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the page even has a link to the general NN portal .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the relations and projects play a dominant role .	1	4	VBP	play	plays
the tracks parallel the east side of terminal drive until it reaches the airport station , which is located immediately south of terminal one .	1	2	VBP	parallel	parallels
each group has a designated section of the home stadium .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
their name VBZ from the term , possibly english , for the thick NN or NN VB , used to aid sleep in JJ countries by keeping one 's NNS lifted above NN sheets .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
like the other NNP NNS ( `` NNS '' in japan ) , NNP is connected to NNP , although the strength of this link varies from continuity to continuity , appearing at its strongest in the original animated series .	21	25	VBZ	varies	vary
in bar 18 the motion picks up when the NN indication changes from NNP NN to VB and the NN NNS into a rapid JJ note line .	4	5	VBZ	picks	pick
an alternative proposal is that these structures represent adult stages of the JJ organisms of this period .	6	7	VBP	represent	represents
the first water management facilities in the NNP valley also date to this time .	4	10	VBP	date	dates
a fire and NN team is the smallest unit above the individual soldier .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP regiment was laid down on 1 january 2003 , and NNP camp was transferred to the NNP and NNP home guard district the facilities are presently available for the use of all districts surrounding the oslo NNP .	24	25	VBP	are	is
the fact that you are in a group gives you a feeling of reduced personal responsibility .	1	8	VBZ	gives	give
it includes a NN through NNP park , where the paths wind through a lava field planted with tall trees and VBN NN trees in summer , and said to be VBN with the town 's largest NN colony .	10	11	VBP	wind	winds
NNP 's films include NNP NNP , NNP , the mirror , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
oppose per several of the above , not sure which one is more appropriate to what i think , i VBP with most of the above statements .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
RB , the game boy version bears a strong resemblance to the JJ mode of the NNP version .	5	6	VBZ	bears	bear
the highway continues north from there , passing through the NNS and through the towns of NNP , NNP , NNP city , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the first dorsal fin is rather large and positioned closer to the NN than the JJ NNS , though its origin lies RB to the JJ fin rear tips .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the couple NNS in horror and find themselves back at the red door .	2	6	VBP	find	finds
the book covers the social and economic background of JJ groups to the united states from colonial days to the american civil war .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
once those are out the article is a bit short .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the protocol allows for the transport of messages that VBP the eight NN maximum NN of can frames .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
nearby plantations include NNP , NNP , rubber , NNP , pepper , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the problem is a big industry .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the study additionally claims that corruption perception nationwide has decreased between 2005 to 2010 .	1	3	VBZ	claims	claim
the systematic name of this enzyme class is atp NN ( NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the question is if she VBZ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the campus , located at 1901 mississippi avenue , se , consists of three connected buildings , NNS , basketball courts , and public space .	1	11	VBZ	consists	consist
as for the problems most people here seem to be VBG of , i doubt a user council would have much effect .	5	7	VBP	seem	seems
all students and their family members are the part of the extended georgian family .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the album includes the singles `` NNP , '' `` that kind of day '' and `` space , '' all of which charted in the top 40 of the billboard hot country songs charts .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
list of active landing craft of the people 's liberation army navy is a list of landing craft currently in service with the people 's liberation army navy .	0	12	VBZ	is	are
this is funny because i notice that soap operas seem to have articles for their hundreds of characters , while other popular programmes have trouble to keep articles for their short list of current characters ( with the same amount or more content in their articles ) .	8	9	VBP	seem	seems
the club colours are NN and white .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the argument goes nowhere as it should .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
comment this page has a lot of promise .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
yes the reason for the 1 listing on the NNP is due to the closed access nature of the journal .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
collectively , these research programs VBP the NNP research program ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBP	encompass	encompasses
first , the article , which is rather lengthy , has only two references .	3	10	VBZ	has	have
each book is centered around a level of difficulty and includes original compositions and arrangements of well-known classical and traditional pieces VBD into a contemporary style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the asteroid 's mean distance from the sun is 2 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
apparently the NN tree is on the cites list of endangered species , and you may find it impossible ( or illegal ) to acquire NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP seemed to be trying to say that the oil has a low specific gravity and that there was no evidence of NNS ( despite the fact that he was speaking in a NN which could be taken to mean the opposite ) .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the patterns of NNP , NNP , and JJ NN usually form a grid of squares , each of which contains JJ patterns with repeated NNS such as fish and plants , for example four VBN leaves forming a JJ cross .	1	11	VBP	form	forms
it is then revealed the job is a bbc NN looking for `` three NNS '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this entry VBZ more categories and sets some NNS for other political titles ( see below ) .	1	2	VBZ	generates	generate
this action , which is aided by the NN muscle , requires the NN to be at least partially JJ .	1	11	VBZ	requires	require
the road heads west of north passing NNP before crossing the river till immediately before NNP .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
the player has the option to play with a JJ ally to aid in destroying their opponents .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if you are talking about the introduction , VBZ people are confused about there being no section edit button .	16	17	VBZ	edit	edit
use of `` JJ '' to refer to torture is now obsolete in english , but this old usage is shown in the common english word NN , and in the `` NNP '' curse in the harry potter fictional scenario .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
the volleyball department is just as successful NNP NNP and played for six years in german NNP ( first division ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in any case , the article says little more about the subject than that he won a local literary award .	5	6	VBZ	says	say
the ship is most notably known for the events surrounding her NN in the mouth of the NNP river at liverpool during a JJ storm on 27 september 1875 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the orchestral percussion section one player plays the NN , the other three play the NNS , bass drum and triangle .	6	7	VBZ	plays	play
the book quoted in the first reference has two hits on the NNP NN , and the second one has very little for the publisher .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
translator stations only need to have their call signs announced three times a day ( at particular times ) through the main station , or though some broadcast NN means ( via voice or via NNP code ) RB by the translator .	1	3	VBP	need	needs
each train has two cars that can hold six riders each for a total of twelve riders per train .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
today the university has over 18 , 000 students - of which there are over 12 , 000 undergraduate degree candidates .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the google score is NN , which suggests that this never got much further than NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in some restaurants , a NN may include `` NN '' NNS on all components of food , the idea is that one VBZ until fully satisfied ; such NNS are referred to as `` unlimited '' NN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
deletion is not cleanup , and is not the only tool in the NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the obvious NN is that VBG players often have no resources to VB in an effective offensive force , so they are not as mobile as NNS .	6	8	VBP	have	has
speaking generally , therefore , you can not VB a map created by someone without permission , but you can draw your own map using their map for information about where things are .	31	32	VBP	are	is
hell NNS resemble real NNS or are JJ , but are burned or buried , typically within asian communities .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the river NNP VBZ the area and NNS between NNP and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	dominates	dominate
the NN release version addresses this issue but is not considered stable for general use .	3	4	VBZ	addresses	address
in 2009 , construction was completed and NNP heights residents are now only minutes from springfield and travel time to brisbane and gold coast is also considerably shorter .	9	10	VBP	are	is
new scientists review the following week ( the 14th ) VBD the episode as `` entertainment value '' , however .	1	2	VBP	review	reviews
the cited link is a commercial link for the product .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a very common expression of canadian identity is to VB american NN of things canadian .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the watershed mine is a large open pit mine located in the eastern part of australia in queensland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the experience is positive , so much so that their commitment is VBN for the next two seasons , in which they VBP a more competitive NNP CD , which allows them to VB the third place overall in the 1985 season .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
once a justice meets age and service requirements , the justice may retire .	2	3	VBZ	meets	meet
the closest translation to the latin follows the NN , with the noun NNP .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow
case develops a close personal relationship with NNP , who suggests that he begin looking into NNP 's background .	0	1	VBZ	develops	develop
total cost to visit the attraction varies depending on how visitors arrive , but can be in excess of one hundred dollars .	10	11	VBP	arrive	arrives
from this base , the model then moves to VBG NNS we all hold of each other .	5	7	VBZ	moves	move
the error code NN is only set when a system call fails .	10	11	VBZ	fails	fail
the NN report says that somebody pushed NNP on to the ground , which caused the back of NNP 's head to VB .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the agency VBZ investigations of shipping accidents and incidents .	1	2	VBZ	conducts	conduct
if that is what the user wants to do and they can provide a better job at it with the NN and can be trusted with it , then i support .	5	6	VBZ	wants	want
cadets also do three theory subjects ; aviation , aircraft recognition and air power .	0	2	VBP	do	does
in statistics , the method of support is a technique that is used to make NNS from NNS .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
its athletic conference is the NNP league .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article deals with NNP political structures , with an emphasis on the contemporary institutions .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
versions exist on dvd with running times between 76 and 80 minutes .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
the primary indoor athletic facility is NNP pavilion .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the district consists of the regional county municipalities of la NNP , la NNP , NNP and la NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the NN JJ states that NNP are VBN by the quantity and strength of the information that is retrieved from memory when the target word itself is not .	24	26	VBZ	is	are
the club currently competes in the second division national premier leagues nsw , playing home NNS at NNP park .	1	3	VBZ	competes	compete
this protocol is the one used under normal conditions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
community property has certain federal tax implications , which the internal revenue service discusses in its publication CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the northern boundary of the reservation is the strait of juan de NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this section on the british protocol is a little unclear to me .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
other editors VBP that both sides of the story should be allowed into the article , both as to her possible NN as well as to her possible guilt , to comply with npov and blp .	1	2	VBP	contend	contends
other voices include don NNP , doug young , mel NNP , john NNP , red coffee , hal smith , arnold NNP , june NNP , jean NNP NNP , julie bennett , janet NNP , nancy NNP , howard morris , paul NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in addition , NNP handed out 65 awards of distinction and also 7 judge 's choices , not counting the multiple winners of the contest - which means that all those other NNS are , well , NNS .	32	33	VBP	are	is
the site provides , news , feature , video , and product content VBD toward NNS , NNS , and NNS of products used in the industrial manufacturing NNP ( maintain , repair , NN ) NN .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
a user page is not an article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the subfamily includes a number of serious crop NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the two elder brothers are unable to help due to a direct order from the lieutenant NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the town of NNP is the district headquarters .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
bond is the author of five books on green living .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this achievement represents the longest record of JJ flight of any tactical aviation squadron in marine corps history .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
the NN of all these conferences is professor NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in the original french , the name of the group is a NN on les NNP de NN , the friends of the VBN , `` that is to say , the people '' , writes hugo .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
an old tradition that he spent 25 years in rome is quite unacceptable .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
this song features two music videos , one being the main video and the other to fit the story of john tucker must die .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
section NNP ends in measure 33 and in bar 34 , the c phrase begins .	13	14	VBZ	begins	begin
the country is home to the NNP NNP football tournament , a challenge involving long formations of the countries of JJ to win the NNP NNP , a special cup in honour of a great male player died a long time ago .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
dirty and RB VBN material is subject to regulated disposal .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
each leader has a unique piece of music played during NN ( with the exception of NNP khan and NNP khan who share music ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as he runs away , a mysterious figure takes the box away .	7	8	VBZ	takes	take
i 'm not sure what exactly the license is of the combination and what tag to use .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
daniel parker 's name is almost JJ with `` NNS '' , but he was one of the important frontier NNS in texas , leading in the organization of about nine churches in the eastern part of the state .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in indirect firing , the fuel is ground by an JJ run mill , and the fine product is stored in a NN of sufficient size to supply the NN though fuel mill NN periods .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
while even the largest wilderness areas become partially VBN , it required only a few wild acres for j .	5	6	VBP	become	becomes
these changes constitute a modification of the internal constitutional relations within the kingdom of the netherlands .	1	2	VBP	constitute	constitutes
it is not that NNP or NNP ignored it , the fact is that it was of little use for them , and it had been so indeed , till the invention of the computers .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the diesel variants of NNP NNP are NNP NNP diesel NNP and NNP NNP diesel NNP premium .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the NNP voice network is a NNP type ii NNP 800 NNP VBD , NN system .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the organization of a computer vision system is highly application dependent .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the only actual 3rd party source is the brief note in www .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
delete -- since local councillors are NNP , it is JJ that local party officials are NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this concert VBZ to the true meaning of christmas and the birth of jesus , with NNS of music and performance from the african NN throughout the concert .	1	2	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
we seem to be in a NN right now , and perhaps all this concern over admin promotion rates is not entirely VBN .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
in options markets , the difference in implied NN at different strike prices represents the market 's view of NN , and is called NN NN .	5	13	VBZ	represents	represent
the performance of such keys depends on the choice of the fragments used for constructing the keys and the probability of their presence in the database molecules .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
these templates also allow other readers and editors to know of the existence of other articles that may otherwise go JJ , thereby enabling articles that could otherwise remain JJ stubs for years opportunities for improvement .	1	3	VBP	allow	allows
NNP , has npov problems - VB good reasons why people keep VBG this .	10	11	VBP	keep	keeps
the name comes from the bottom line numbers in the income statement - NNS per share .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
NNP 's JJ figure is the subject of numerous jokes by members of the soprano crime family , and this leads to a serious dispute between her husband and ralph NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
western culture places a great deal of importance on physical appearance , especially body shape , and wearing a NN can boost a woman 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	places	place
JJ railway station is a closed railway station situated a mile north of the hamlet of NNP and two miles from the border with england .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the institute operates a fleet of coastal and JJ research vessels , as well as JJ NNS in the indian ocean .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
keep this list is not JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN fee arrangement provides access to the courts for those who can not afford to pay the NNS fees and costs of civil NN .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
lyrics throughout most of afghanistan are typically in NNP ( persian ) and NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the referenced part is just text NN off from the parent page , NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the RB most important languages are NNP , NNP of western NNS , NNP NNP of west NNP , and NNP , the national language of east NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
for example , a JJ desk has a number of JJ objects on one surface but not on the others .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
four poems warn against the NN of life and VB the buddhist path .	1	2	VBP	warn	warns
at that point , the route takes the road to NNP , rather than the alternative to NNP .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
RB , a man who has RB pursued her through the play , offers NNS 1 , 000 pounds for NNP 's hand , and the deal is made .	3	13	VBZ	offers	offer
i went and updated all the cite templates to newer formats .	6	7	VBZ	templates	template
nearby settlements include NNP to the southeast , NNP and NNP to the northeast , and NNP and NNP to the north .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
these seats are also available on selected boeing CD aircraft .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP bands commonly use extremely low or JJ vocals .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
in 2010 , projects include VBG VBG tracks , and VBG more than 800 trees including NN café , NN NN , NN NN , JJ oak , NN NN , NN NN and NN as well as the removal of dead or severely infected trees .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
examples given in the novel of major league players with similar situations are steve NNP , chuck NNP , and rick NNP .	0	12	VBP	are	is
you can ask other editors to help clean it up by tagging it with if you think the article needs improvement .	18	19	VBZ	needs	need
the JJ area ( NNP plain ) is and is positioned northwest of lake NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
its main headquarters is on the NNP hill in downtown NNP , directly facing the southern gate of the grand NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
any page is eligible for POS deletion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these sheets are extremely JJ and the connections between the cells are easily broken .	1	2	VBP	are	is
meanwhile the electrons travel from the NN to the NN - NNP rays .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels
the school holds extensive grounds backing onto the NNP countryside .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
this category contains articles about listings on the national register of historic places that are located in orange county , florida .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
other items of interest are a wooden cross from flanders fields , a recreation of a world war i NN and a street scene from the italian campaign .	1	4	VBP	are	is
according to the 2007 census , the city has a population of 5 , 000 inhabitants .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
diet choices change during one 's lifetime , and are rarely static .	1	2	VBP	change	changes
march 2007 ( utc ) the only person in the uk who is literally `` above the law '' is the sovereign , since the whole judicial system VBZ its NN to the crown .	7	19	VBZ	is	are
the patron saint of the NNP is saint michael , and his feast day of september 29 is celebrated as the day of the NNP city district .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the center is a member of the council of american overseas research centers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an australian dawn chorus appears in part iii , and other sound sources include works by cage , NNP , mozart and `` some bits and pieces of my own earlier work .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
this section seems too small to stand on its own .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
this administration supports continued NN and other reforms to eliminate regulatory NNS to open competition .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
it would be a bit silly if you would have to VB the flag if the bot is the same .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
retrieved july 2009 NNP journalists say that most of the news media there are RB partisan , allied with political parties and local power NNS .	4	5	VBP	say	says
the study aims to gauge the current healthcare climate in china , focusing on `` the availability and existing sources of NNS , patient purchasing patterns , and the level of access to medical services .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
the NNS themselves are similar to NNS in both use and JJ content ( being 29 .	1	3	VBP	are	is
at any stages two legs , home and away , are played for each tie , and teams win the tie if they win both legs .	17	18	VBP	win	wins
the level of NN the NN wishes to achieve with the dog is also a major factor in the time involved , as is the commitment to training by the NN .	1	6	VBZ	wishes	wish
this ring is the NN ring of a .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the people on that forum ( all animation NNS or students ) feel like the JJ movement is VBG or NN .	1	12	VBP	feel	feels
NNP , NNP , and NNP must in a world where society might not accept them if their secret is ever known other than by their friends .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
imported shows do cost money , sometimes a lot of money , for the rights to broadcast .	1	2	VBP	do	does
its NN form is a NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
also , their website is JJ VBG .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the topic appears to be pressure , in that the head of water in the NN is sufficient to lift the NNS .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
a NN enters a house and NNS which room to VB first , based on most likely gain .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
this category includes all publications about or relating to jazz , including reference books , websites , magazines , radio shows , NNS , and other creative works relating to jazz .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the source of upper pine bottom run is on JJ NNP rock , and the stream cuts deeper as it flows east to pine creek .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the notability of certain awards was contentious and perhaps not fully resolved ; however , those JJ deletion argued that the the nominations received are not sufficient to pass NNP .	22	24	VBP	are	is
true then the value of that cell tells you what error it is .	3	7	VBZ	tells	tell
delete no decent sources , and the article is JJ pretty unclear to the casual reader NN with lighting equipment .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
at its conclusion her father arrives , and after a NN is VBN with his daughter .	4	5	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the NNP way magazine ceased publication in april 2011 , although the sister publications continue to be published .	13	14	VBP	continue	continues
one of seven children who survived into NN , NNP , whose birth surname is NNP , was born in NNP victoria , mexico to parents recently VBN from syria , NNP and NNP NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's second target group consists of NNP living abroad and NNS interested in keeping up with events in the kingdom of thailand .	4	5	VBZ	consists	consist
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are JJ and NNP , whereas its 3 products are JJ , NNP , and NNP .	16	17	VBP	are	is
as a result , NNP 's original NN consisted of NN professor x , NNP , whose eyes shoot JJ NNS , JJ and JJ jean grey , JJ storm , JJ genius beast , JJ NNP , and JJ NNP .	17	18	VBP	shoot	shoots
the left hand sides of these NNS are JJ theories VBN at a point .	3	7	VBP	are	is
flowers occur in clusters of three to five , and comprise four light yellow JJ segments surrounding a centre of many NNS .	0	1	VBP	occur	occurs
though a general use passive park , the park is also home to various civic and political activities relating to the ideals of autonomy , JJ and independence for puerto rico .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the NN side has one mark on the top and bottom right corners .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
their score for NN lovers is one of the best film scores i own .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
not all cars tell you which NN is on , they usually just have a generic light on the NN flash and the VBG sound .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the conference has a president and a vice-president , a permanent committee , various bishops commissions and a general NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these channels play an important role in both linking muscle NN with NN as well as JJ NN with transmitter release .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
most JJ buses have a NN that holds two NNS at the front of the bus ( see reference 2 below for more information ) .	2	3	VBP	have	has
much of the plot takes place in a JJ historical city of NNP , three hours by train from NNP .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
the park is also the only known home of the newly discovered species of NN , NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they are based in the town of NNPS and their home stadium is the NNP des NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the NNP has a deep chest , a thick NN , and the hair coat is blue NN , often RB called `` NN '' .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
her nose is pink as well as her JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article is about a children 's literature classic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city is part of the memphis metropolitan area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the second link has a fun experiment to see how clean your snow really is .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these skills allow participants to share their experiences with their peers , their families , and their communities .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
as a mathematical exercise , this problem is trivial .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
despite the protection garnered from being located in national parks , the mountain NN is also at risk from people of a more JJ nature .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
after developing a few there , i will post back here and make sure the quality to which i bring the stubs ( though obviously not fa or even JJ status ) is acceptable .	15	32	VBZ	is	are
all platforms are accessible by elevator .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a font is a set of character shapes , or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ morning show is a music based show hosted by alex NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
pages that are redirects get hardly any edits , so they should not be much of a burden on your watchlist .	0	4	VBP	get	gets
the game ends if the player VBZ the wrong button or runs out of time , or beats the game .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the question of whether federal jurisdiction over broadcasting includes control of the content of broadcasting has also been answered by the courts .	5	8	VBZ	includes	include
early mud NNS were JJ trucks or sport utility vehicles modified with lifted NNS and larger NNS , and classes exist for such vehicles today .	19	20	VBP	exist	exists
other festivals include the NNS in the NNP islands , the NNPS in valencia or the holy week in NNP and castile and leon .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i do n't think this is an emergency , since the user does n't edit very often , but i do think that after four warnings ( not counting what is VBN for today 's ) , that a block is appropriate .	39	40	VBZ	is	are
all damage NNS are in 1962 values .	2	3	VBP	are	is
once the plastic has VBN and VBN the NN opens up and the part is VBN .	8	9	VBZ	opens	open
this page is an archive of pictures featured on the politics portal in 2007 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each NNP NN makes the majority of its NN contacts with the NNS of a dna half site but base pair contacts are made between each NNP NN and JJ bases in the major NN of the opposite dna half site .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
other terms include `` mobile id '' by NNP wireless , `` mobile certificate '' by a circle of trust of 3 finnish mobile network operators implementing a VBG mobile signature framework NNP , etc .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ win remains the largest comeback in patriots history .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
unfortunately , earthquake source parameters in the NNP are often absent , incomplete , or JJ .	4	8	VBP	are	is
NNS stated as fact in commonly accepted reference texts are to be taken as majority NNS .	0	9	VBP	are	is
she VBZ that NNP 's book is `` one of the most JJ '' and that NNP presents `` a liberal and JJ view of islam .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
however when a police officer , NNP NNP , visits the fort bringing some milk , ann NNP NN for help and the authorities are VBN to the NNS ' presence .	4	9	VBZ	visits	visit
nearly every electrical consumer , industrial and domestic , uses one or more of mr .	3	9	VBZ	uses	use
a related development is the sustainable urban extension ( sue ) built to the west of NNP as a suburb of rugby - with over CD homes planned .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a second feature of governmental theory is the scope of the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of its eyes are red , its feet are black , and its NN is JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the museum is home to the world 's largest working NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
archaeological NNS show that the JJ area of NNP ' NNP was inhabited as early as the NNP NNP phase ( CD bc ) .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the article illegal NN operation covers more as well .	4	5	VBZ	covers	cover
the second highest peak on the island , mount NNP , is nearly as tall as NNP NNP , with an elevation of .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
guards often beat prisoners or VBD them in the face for the JJS NN , or at times at random .	0	2	VBP	beat	beats
i just want to know how our readers feel about it .	7	8	VBP	feel	feels
in which case this is somewhat unusual since it has identical NN and if anything better angle to VB 2 in terms of getting more in focus .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the twelve page colour NN contains pictures of gary from the years in question and liner notes by executive producer steve NNP .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the bells are not very heavy , as the rotation has to be fast .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a further example is languages that can VB only subjects and direct objects .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the initial request is from the customer or consumer of the product or service .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since the junior lee is single , the news attracted criticism on both moral and legal grounds .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the bishop is capable of VBG or VBG a piece , while the knight can do neither .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the station is north of nottingham .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ conflict knows two points of view .	2	3	VBZ	knows	know
the nearest town to golden gate highlands national park is NNP ( 17 km to the west ) , but NNP is also easily reached via a good NN road , driving through the access gate to the east of the park .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
rainfall amounts increase significantly on the NN facing slopes as one increases in elevation , with average rainfall amounts VBG at the elevation , ( near NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	increase	increases
in a few JJ instances , which have been used to verify the method and the model , a literary history exists from as early as a few NN ago .	20	21	VBZ	exists	exist
i just want to get to what i feel is the heart of the problem , and the real reason why people take up a contrary position .	21	22	VBP	take	takes
then in 1913 , using this formula as a basis , albert NNP and otto stern published a paper of great significance in which they suggested for the first time the existence of a JJ energy that all NNS have at absolute zero .	38	39	VBP	have	has
NNP 's city government consists of a mayor , three NN , two east district NNS , two central district NNS , two west district NNS , and six school committee members .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the alignment with the JJ is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the book is a NN on NNP NNP NNP , one of the principal figures of JJ century architecture in puerto rico and founder in 1966 of the school of architecture at the university of puerto rico .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this chapter effectively writes NNP winters out of the comic .	1	3	VBZ	writes	write
the JJ progress and news is released by the media around the world , the site created for the occasion receives millions of visits from more than 110 countries and thousands of NNS from around the globe .	15	20	VBZ	receives	receive
indeed , in NNP NNP CD , the NNS ask why the NNP VBD in jubilee year .	8	9	VBP	ask	asks
some NNS say that he will be the NN of NNP on the final day of creation .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the neighbouring villages also include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
the ability to VB with others of differing cultural NNS , values , NNS and NNS is dependent upon the JJ NNS of the relating parties .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
in effect , VBZ on the reserve are filled during the deal ; therefore , when a reserve NN becomes empty , it is not filled until the next batch of three cards is dealt .	18	19	VBZ	becomes	become
still , the article needs to be expanded and then it has my support , in principle .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
the villages of NNP and NNP , as well the district capital NNP are mixed NNP and NNP .	1	13	VBP	are	is
paul 's listings are in the NNP county list .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in general , the NN reporters and media organizations are from beijing and important provincial capitals , the greater their NN .	5	9	VBP	are	is
thus this article on NNP 's d VBZ a gap in wikipedia .	2	7	VBZ	fills	fill
my private selection is the third album by linda NNP , and was released on march 25 , 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the group currently comprises NNP NNP , susan NNP , ruth NNP , and NNP NNP ( NNP NNP in more recent listings , following a marriage in 2008 ) .	1	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
on march 13 , 2013 , phil spoke to NNS about how poor the NNP experience is .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the stem is long and thick , roughly the same color as the cap , but covered with NN NNS ; it is attached to the cap RB , or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current article is not encyclopedic , but the school may be notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school runs on a quarter system , VBG report cards every ten weeks of the 40 week school year .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
i could n't help but think that both accounts are sockpuppets for the same person since neither accounts have edited any page other than nelson montana .	8	9	VBP	are	is
historically , the street is one of the three NN , or JJ streets , of the grid of the original NNP city of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of bowling green , NNP , kelly NNP and NNP are in the parish .	1	12	VBP	are	is
the only problem that remains to be resolved is that NNP 's list contains all images used on the articles , including images VBN from templates .	12	13	VBZ	contains	contain
a chapel with a NN on a large cattle farm north of the settlement dates to the early 20th century .	1	14	VBZ	dates	date
though an alternate title is NNP NNP 's bullet to beijing , NNP was not associated with the film at all .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
colleges in america generally play under the code defined in ncaa football rules and interpretations .	0	4	VBP	play	plays
listed by metropolitan district ; the schools are then further divided to distinguish between state and independent schools and type of school .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the top height of the ride is .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
that issue seems to be on the internet archive here .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the project consists of a research paper for history , an JJ paper for english , research logs , and a formal oral presentation .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this means that it is not enough simply to win the first round game - to avoid elimination , teams also have to win well , which is designed to encourage attacking play and scoring more goals .	19	21	VBP	have	has
lets have the discussion in one place .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the low point is sea level along the delaware and NNP rivers .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
south italy also sees bigger levels of unemployment , corruption , organised crime and `` black economy '' , and as well its economy depends more on JJ industry or on JJ jobs , rather than private enterprises .	23	24	VBZ	depends	depend
the school also has six tennis courts that were built in memory of NNP NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NNS usually form in the warm summer months where there is a very steep temperature NN between the ground and the atmosphere above the ground .	0	2	VBP	form	forms
the reason behind this NN is that edits are initiated not by current user , but by banned user .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the article stating most known as the executive marketing assistant for a film kind of says it all .	1	15	VBZ	says	say
the court consists of eight buildings containing fourteen residential units which VBP a central courtyard .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
andrew pierce POS local difficulty gets out of hand ' ( 29 .	4	5	VBZ	gets	get
days later , call up papers arrive for her JJ sister NNP and her parents , otto and NNP , decide to VB their plan to go into hiding to ensure that the family do not get separated .	5	6	VBP	arrive	arrives
amazing how even death has become VBN in modern NN , and people are regularly reported as having died and returned to life .	12	13	VBP	are	is
a university is a corporation that provides both undergraduate education and VB education .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the local dialect the name is NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
i must say that my concerns are not JJ , and because , as w .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the northern boundary to the east of CD street is CD avenue , and west of CD street is located half a block south of CD avenue .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
although the record falls RB within the `` free jazz '' category , it has a RB VBG , JJ quality .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
i take a measure of comfort from the fact that no decision at NNP is JJ ; if we decide later on that a particular decision was less than JJ , it can be JJ .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP ] claiming fair use as this is a logo of a defunct airline used in improving the overall quality of the NNP article .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the article is a long way from being a stub , has been tagged as an JJ since NNP , 2006 , and with cleanup tags for a year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the area of the NN is mostly flat , with few rises or hills .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the city has several shopping centres , including pine crest and pine walk on kings road , NNP NNP NN and st john 's NNP centre .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as the site is on the main coastal path many people VBP to reflect at the memorial or as a NN point on their walk to enjoy the views .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
les sources de FW de france des NNS JJ NNS VBP .	1	2	VBP	de	des
formerly a residential hotel , currently the red brick and limestone building has CD JJ apartments .	3	12	VBZ	has	have
nowadays the system is rather JJ due to the lack of a threat from sophisticated NN helicopters , but development continues .	19	20	VBZ	continues	continue
the origin of a royal NN collection distinct from the official crown NNS is vague , though it is thought that the NNS have their origin somewhere in the JJ century .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
some systems are effective and efficient whereas others are not .	1	2	VBP	are	is
next period , JJ - NNS , the faculty VBZ further to 200 students per year .	8	9	VBZ	expands	expand
the second insight is that the operation of VBG a NN of jets to a smooth NN is JJ in nature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name comes from anne NNP , a local NN owner who in the NN , along with her daughters , had an `` JJ reputation '' and was called JJ with the JJ meaning of the word as NN .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the two villages have more in common than one might suspect at first .	2	3	VBP	have	has
NNS are common across mars and new ones appear frequently on steep slopes of NNS , NNS , and valleys .	0	1	VBP	are	is
construction materials account for roughly a quarter of shipping to NNP ; fish makes up roughly half of shipping from NNP ; fish and NNS VBN at NNP ( principally water and beer ) account for most shipping within NNP .	1	2	VBP	account	accounts
side bar NNP - this package provides several NNS to the NNP text 2 NN including new options for deleting , opening , moving , new file creation , editing and finding .	5	6	VBZ	provides	provide
with such surfaces , the direction of the reflected ray is determined by the angle the incident ray makes with the surface normal , a line NN to the surface at the point where the ray hits .	17	18	VBZ	makes	make
the presence of other NNS is an indication only that the article is not complete .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
that is totally wrong and this was proven in the NNP language page that this user just makes up stuff .	15	17	VBZ	makes	make
the passenger station serves some apartment buildings , villages , a medium VBN industrial zone , as well as the NNP tan railway house of the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
click the pictures and you should be taken to the picture description pages , where you can check that the copyright is suitable for you .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the NNP NN technique of JJ art .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
vehicles which provide JJ power to VB an JJ train , but are not generally considered locomotives because they have VBN space or are rarely detached from their trains , are known as power cars .	0	12	VBP	are	is
while the setting has changed , the game 's focus remains on NN and NN , while retaining the series ' JJ , fourth JJ sense of humor .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain
the first NN transport of gold arrives in adelaide .	3	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive
NNS have equal rights and duties , and since they have decided to share their lives , they must live together , be faithful to one another and assist each other in all circumstances and situations .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the article has a long history .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
there are rare exceptions ( just as there are cases where a dog raises a baby VBN ) .	12	13	VBZ	raises	raise
the alternative vehicle has no minimum number of wheels , but it must remain JJ when stopped with no driver NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
today the work of the NNP is much better known in italy than elsewhere ; much of the work is held , outside the public record , in private collections there .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this dialect is of historical importance of the macedonian language as is considered by many to be a NN dialect .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this indicates that the water is not far short from JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
delegation is an important concept to understand when learning about NNS .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the monarch the JJ effect leads to its spectrum being VBN due to JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	leads	lead
the romania men 's national volleyball team is the national team of romania .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
note ( 1 ) the above vote is by the author of the article in question ; ( 2 ) the two amazon listings show sales rankings of below CD , 000 .	23	24	VBP	show	shows
the party is an NN NNP muslim representative organization VBG for an JJ and modern model of islamic democratic welfare state and demanding equal rights for all the minorities in the country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , this really applies only where the vote in the state is expected to be fairly close , because each state VBZ a slate of NNS on the JJ system .	21	22	VBZ	elects	elect
this JJ plant is persistent and becomes a dominant species in many habitat types , such as coastal woods .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the california NN NN can be VBN from the other species in the genus by the interrupted NNS across the NNS ; other species either lack NNS , or have NNS which span the entire body segment .	23	29	VBP	have	has
using the JJ junction as the boundary VBG the JJ border of the attached NN , a JJ NN in inserted into the NN NN to measure how much of the VBN NN NN to the JJ junction is in fact attached to the underlying bone .	18	38	VBZ	is	are
log NNS also cause NNS in stream flow .	1	3	VBP	cause	causes
the program encompasses the matthew brown music scholars program , which VBZ two NNS to practice and perform with the first presbyterian church 's choir .	1	2	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
books , and google scholar has even more .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP , i see , level 2 just means that JJ edits will not automatically be reviewed until a person with a reviewer right comes and reviews it .	23	24	VBZ	comes	come
i VBP that this essay is opinion , not policy , but it does speak for something .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this displays some of the NN problems the NNP girls have .	9	10	VBP	have	has
JJ form is not normally used for direct execution ( although it is possible to interpret NNP ) , and it is frequently used `` on top of '' another NNP with which it remains in direct correspondence .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am fine with leaving it under `` confidence and security building measures '' until others decide a separate category is appropriate .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
since i am not a sock puppet , i wanted to see how i am notified when another user leaves me a message , so i left myself a message without logging in .	18	19	VBZ	leaves	leave
melody maker 's noted that , a broken frame `` - as its name suggests - marks the end of a beautiful dream '' .	13	14	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the drama department is especially JJ , regularly holding plays , NNS , and other events in the auditorium .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and the short film also lacks coverage in reliable sources .	3	5	VBZ	lacks	lack
NNP dogs that originated in NNP , NNP dogs are heavy dogs with high NN but little speed .	1	9	VBP	are	is
pc is VBG , in which controversial material is simply avoided ; respect for difference means exactly what it says , that we respect different NNS and handle controversial material RB .	12	15	VBZ	means	mean
the three movements begin in d major , e minor , and g minor respectively , and the work VBZ in a manner similar to that of the opening movement , VBG to climb RB .	18	19	VBZ	closes	close
researchers claim that because there are only limited amounts of passport issued many RB possible passport numbers will not be in use in practice .	0	1	VBP	claim	claims
the chosen us technology is JJ NN where the NNP is shot down during its JJ phase out on the edge of space .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it hardly seems fair that a diagram takes so much more work than a photo , but .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
however , he preferred talking with women , and often made their NNS wait in the next room when he discussed business with them .	12	13	VBP	wait	waits
his areas of academic specialty include NNP , the NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
more recent developments include the opening of a NNP department and NN , and the william NNP centre which comprises several new classrooms and teaching facilities .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the film has two NNS , the son of monte NNP ( 1940 ) and the return of monte NNP ( 1946 ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a reference to the primary source is the way to do this .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
traditionally , the first time a member of one yacht club visits another , there is an exchange of NNS .	4	11	VBZ	visits	visit
eventually , the entire item reaches the proper temperature needed to achieve NN .	4	5	VBZ	reaches	reach
the region has a JJ JJ climate , with warm summers and mild winters .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one of the tasks of evolutionary psychology is to identify which psychological traits are likely to be NNS , NNS or random variation .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the 1st opening theme was covered by NNP POS , but this version is extremely rare .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the second is an interview which barely VBZ on it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film contains many NN NNP NN , such as an NN narrator , an extreme form of the JJ structure , the themes of humanity and NN , and a JJ view of NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
oppose - new users often create articles with incorrect titles , they should be able to clean after themselves .	3	5	VBP	create	creates
a popular method is to ask the NN to fill out JJ NNS , which is very time NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's neighbor since childhood and her love interest ( which he is unaware of , he sees her as a little sister ) .	2	17	VBZ	sees	see
the grand total available is a maximum of CD possible points .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
a small piece of music is based around each NN , and the piece returns to the original cycle at the end .	13	14	VBZ	returns	return
NNP 's works show the influence of NN ( particularly the JJ work of steve reich ) , as well as folk , blues , and rock music .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
some NNS also bear evidence of VBG , a kind of early brain surgery to VB internal pressure or remove damaged skull matter suffered in battle .	1	3	VBP	bear	bears
undergraduate , graduate , alumni , and faculty in civil engineering are all eligible to become members provided some basic requirements are met .	4	11	VBP	are	is
JJ computer applications with an JJ interface ( NNP ) are those whose child windows reside under a single parent window ( usually with the exception of NN windows ) .	2	10	VBP	are	is
NNP team finds an ancient NN that they later learn was launched by a JJ , RB advanced race in order to seed new worlds and VB their JJ species .	1	2	VBZ	finds	find
NNP oil field is an albanian oil field that was discovered in 1980 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other common names are great NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
punishment is an entire day listening to mozart , but beyond that .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the concept of a naval task force is as old as NNS , but the term came into extensive use originally by the united states navy around the beginning of 1941 , as a way to increase operational NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
support , the whole layout is JJ and the article is fully accurate .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
a selection of papers presented at each meetings is subsequently prepared for publication in the conference series social philosophy today .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
a road bridge here on the NNP national road links south africa with NNP and the town is the south african border post .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
these signs present four lines of real-time estimated bus departure times , with data provided by brisbane city council 's rapid system .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
NNP , where her articles generate extensive interest and debate .	4	5	VBP	generate	generates
the restaurant currently employs approximately 60 full and part-time workers .	1	3	VBZ	employs	employ
NN of NN '' serves to VB that the prosecution has the NN to prove each element of the offense beyond a reasonable doubt ( or some other level of proof depending on the criminal justice system ) and that the accused bears no burden of proof .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the next two cards determine the locations of NNP and the NNP of NNP .	3	4	VBP	determine	determines
his father works as a JJ NN with western forest products , while his mother is a JJ immigrant who works as a terminal service agent for b .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the third world has 2 on land levels to start with a final flight level at the end .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP railway station provides access to regular NNP services to brisbane and cleveland .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
supporters of the JJ say that the new station will get the citizens closer to the commercial center ; critics say that the new station will VB the already VBN NNP station .	0	4	VBP	say	says
a NN NN , the NNP , is also available .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the efficiency of the train network is poor , with regular delays and VBG on major routes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
its sister canal on the NNP of dublin is the royal canal .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
student JJ organizations are an integral part of the learning process at most institutions of higher education .	2	3	VBP	are	is
fishing is also allowed on the lake ; JJ bass is a common catch .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
article gives no significant sources , nor was i able to find any such coverage .	0	1	VBZ	gives	give
also , the actual fair use laws allow a lot more than wikipedia 's fair use rules , many things deleted as NNS may , legally , be acceptable under fair use .	6	7	VBP	allow	allows
with each person giving the same coin , a count of coins reveals the NN .	9	12	VBZ	reveals	reveal
agreements between developers and farmers ( development provides farm infrastructure , farmers provide farm products to residents and the local community ) .	11	12	VBP	provide	provides
districts are JJ administrative divisions of madagascar below the regions .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the preserved portion lacks the large JJ teeth commonly found in other NN .	2	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
low and rolling , the range is approximately 180 km long and 14 km wide .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the club currently plays in JJ lithuania basketball league - national basketball league .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play
throughout the show , his main objective is to rescue caroline .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
or the creek continues to be a major pollution problem today would probably read better as pollution continues to be a major problem for the creek ( avoid today and the rest of the sentence gives a year anyway ) .	31	35	VBZ	gives	give
this in no way shape or form implies that the term is notable in and of itself ; it is an example of an association NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
patrick 's character is called simon NNP , though his french origins are somewhat JJ .	11	12	VBP	are	is
dubai companies like the airline NNP describe themselves as `` JJ '' -- launched by the state but no longer VBN by it -- and publish annual reports VBN by NNS to prove it .	1	6	VBP	describe	describes
the point , however , is to change it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS is an exceptional case and at no point have i argued that suicide is always bad .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the balls resemble an orange sun , rise out of the river approximately 20 to 30 feet and VBP after three to five seconds .	1	2	VBP	resemble	resembles
track 6 on the album is a special duet titled `` two different worlds '' which carlos performs with the broadway performer and recording artist linda NNP .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
young fruit bodies have JJ to light yellow branches ( which dry to JJ with a JJ NN ) with NN to VB tips .	2	3	VBP	have	has
NN is more JJ as the NNS tend to last longer in water , rain , and handling than NNS .	6	7	VBP	tend	tends
fair use in CD CD this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia we are trying to comply with the law , which says that a copyright license has to be granted in writing .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
animals from the forests like NNS and NNS seek refuge in human homes to spend winter .	0	8	VBP	seek	seeks
NNS in the press and popular fiction helped create a lasting public impression that NNS are violent NNS .	14	15	VBP	are	is
that argument is a very reasonable one for deletion of a fair use image in any article , featured or not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the form of a question defines the form of its answer .	1	5	VBZ	defines	define
the resolution demands the establishment of an independent state comprising all regions in which muslims are the majority .	1	2	VBZ	demands	demand
slight usage notice , which is probably compatible with gfdl ( requires NN and link , as does gfdl , requests e-mail notice of usage ) .	2	11	VBZ	requires	require
during normal operation , an antenna VBZ electromagnetic fields into the surrounding JJ region , and a portion of the field energy is VBN , while the remainder is VBN as NNP waves .	5	6	VBZ	emits	emit
the english word emperor derives from NN via old french NNP .	3	4	VBZ	derives	derive
while her primary job is to be a NN , her job also incorporates being sent on missions as an NNP member of the so-called `` shadow unit '' in order to ensure normal economic operation on the various planets around the galaxy .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as the nominator mentioned , the candidate already is an admin in a way and does a JJ job .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
each troop type has attributes which determine its training cost , JJ , offensive capability , defensive capability against infantry and cavalry , speed and resource carrying capacity .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the list that you suggest as an alternative provides no sourced information about this notable topic and so does not meet the requirements of our editing policy .	1	8	VBZ	provides	provide
his mutant power of VBG space within his body , however , remains the same in all versions .	2	12	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP platform enables customers to have custom NNP for their system on chips ( NNP ) developed which can be integrated as companion die in their NNP package .	1	2	VBZ	enables	enable
waters , emma 's long time best friend , points out that emma 's oldest daughter sister is almost 30 , and due to a bad situation in new york city was forced to move back to detroit to live with emma .	15	17	VBZ	is	are
a canadian friend of mine has NNS .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
NN can not seem to leave a topic of editing alone while dispute resolution related to that topic moves forward .	13	18	VBZ	moves	move
the single largest category of NN disorders is that of JJ disorders , which includes all cases in which fear and NN is triggered by a specific NN or situation .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the rate now is currently the same as the unemployment benefit .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the team plays canadian NNP sport football in the ontario university athletics conference .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
on the keep side , NNP 's comments do not really show why this should be kept , NNP 's comments are JJ .	20	21	VBP	are	is
of the forest , a tract is a national natural landmark and iowa state preserve .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the museum is open NNS from CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the 1991 documentary the search for robert johnson , blues musician johnny NNP VBZ a JJ battle he had with blues legend robert johnson on opposing street corners in helena , arkansas in the 1930s - to draw away each other 's NNS .	10	22	VBP	legend	legends
position effect is the effect on the expression of a gene when its location in a NN is changed , often by NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only number retired by the cardinals football program is 16 , worn by johnny NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
comment the three sources are NNS ( one , being on NNPS , is especially VBN ) , and the third is an issue of NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this image shows four contemporary NN monks in cambodia .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
i ca n't comment on the quality of those links , but the table looks nice .	13	14	VBZ	looks	look
VB your list of sources - as i said , in many cases the problem is the NN of the mention rather than the nature of the source .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the athletic area of NNP also includes two baseball fields , a track , and a NNS area to the left of the main stands of NNP stadium .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
the painting has a traditional christian subject , representing the virgin mary and the christ child seated on her lap , with saints surrounding the two .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's communications are JJ and JJ , and her NN NN , treating the player as a JJ tool at her disposal .	2	3	VBP	are	is
that is to say the net force is a vector which we can call f .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the major threats come from JJ alien plants such as australian NNP , NNP , black NNP , NNP , NNP and pine trees .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
the figure stands at ease VBG both hands on the NN of his rifle .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
ideal for industrial facilities , permitted land uses in the zone include logistics and distribution , JJ industries , NN , light manufacturing , NNS , office NNS and JJ business activities .	6	7	VBZ	uses	use
NNP NNP ) , but the editor 's facility with wikipedia NN and procedures raises suspicion for someone who claims not to have edited recently .	8	14	VBZ	raises	raise
unions have the right to strike , although those representing civil servants and workers in essential services are subject to the condition that VBD `` minimum services '' are rendered .	0	1	VBP	have	has
sometimes a minor league club wishes to improve the NN of players its major league affiliate sends to play there .	15	16	VBZ	sends	send
if the person was a NNP ridge high school student , the number in NNS indicates the year of graduation ; if the person was a faculty or staff member , that person 's title and years of association are included .	12	15	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the main pieces performed are NNS from the NNP , by NNP , or the gloria NNP CD by NNP .	2	4	VBP	are	is
in contrast , the coin contains JJ symbols representing fate , the supernatural , and the power beyond the physical realm .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
anderson argues that the main causes of nationalism and the creation of an VBN community are the reduction of JJ access to particular script languages ( e .	5	15	VBP	are	is
the story loosely follows carroll 's original plot , and includes many of his characters , but with considerable sexual license .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
a full report of the findings from 1985 has still to be published .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
i believe that NNS -- NNP , news of the world -- are not reliable sources , and the section that NNS and occasional editors keep adding fails our blp policy .	3	12	VBP	are	is
our sense article quite properly points out that the NN of NNS is somewhat arbitrary .	2	5	VBZ	points	point
RB , one could prepared to pay for it in the front of survival and paying in masters for their NN , a lay man is unable to identify the portal 's NN till date .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
i hoped that someone else would come along and add some actual information , but no one has .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
the t NNS ' recognition of the foreign NNP as self is NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ goal is that JJ networks will contribute to VB and more efficient roads in the future by providing JJ information to drivers and concerned authorities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fiber JJ NN network supports a wide range of telephone , video and data applications .	4	5	VBZ	supports	support
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a settlement ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is not a matter of being cooperative - all published cases are available on NNP and NNP , but these are expensive NNS , with law schools , law firms , and government agencies having most of the NNS .	11	12	VBP	are	is
if no single entity is in charge to make decisions , the NNS do it for us .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
finally , moore and scott showed that the radiation reaction can be alternatively derived using the notion that , on average , the net NN moment is zero for a collection of charged particles , thereby avoiding the complications of the NN theory .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the book contains four different illustrated stories told at once , two on the left hand page and two on the right .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
yes , NNP needs to try and VB with pr , but the real issue here is pr .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
the list is not long enough to require a separate article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the final result is NN from the house with zero equity paired with greater financial loss to the victim .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in essex , where the examination is optional , children sit NNP reasoning , mathematics and english .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile the stage sets by the likes of NNP , NNP and NNP tested NNP spatial ideas in a public form .	2	3	VBZ	sets	set
NNP was and that the term is not in any way pov .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
comment winning a first wiki debate feels great , better than VBG such a short , JJ page .	0	6	VBZ	feels	feel
this section has a lot of NNS from people that could just as well be VBN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
chicago project categories for encyclopedic articles provide an alternative navigation option that helps readers to find encyclopedic articles or group of articles related to chicago or the chicago metropolitan area .	2	6	VBP	provide	provides
in the NNP case , the NNS enter a second host , most likely an NN , in the NN stream .	6	7	VBP	enter	enters
this however is JJ and no outside sources exist besides his own site ( this is not counting this one part on him on a school site , which uses text from his own site ) .	7	8	VBP	exist	exists
his mother , despite shown as cold and NN , says `` do n't expect me to do this a second time '' and brings NNP 's life from the NNP back into the world of the living .	1	10	VBZ	says	say
the input consists of one out of n possible NNS , and the output consists of one out of n responses .	13	14	VBZ	consists	consist
he murders NN and takes their possessions until his behavior finally runs him NN of the authorities .	9	11	VBZ	runs	run
the main railway station is NNP which is about two kilometres away .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the man is a graduate of harvard and i have been told he is related to former quebec premier maurice NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , recent NNS of the cd have in fact contained doyle and NNP in the insert , as opposed to NNP and image .	3	7	VBP	have	has
i do n't know how steve came to the impression that ronnie and i would fit in this scenario , but i have to say that the end result , le chat NNP , is one of my favorite rock albums of all time .	28	34	VBZ	is	are
the government generally VBZ these rights , and does provide counsel for NNS who can not afford a lawyer of their own , but limited government resources often result in delayed in providing NNS , and NNP ( NNP ) are often subject to unfair trials .	1	3	VBZ	respects	respect
several sections of the article are JJ and should be converted to VBG prose .	1	5	VBP	are	is
often many things are not available on the internet and you just JJ NN these things because of lack of information in the virtual world .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the city has a wide variety of languages due to the large tourist presence with many common languages spoken other than spanish being english , german , and french .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
projects fit with the industry trend of implementing green initiatives .	0	1	VBP	fit	fits
traditionally , simon faculty members have an open door policy for phd students .	4	5	VBP	have	has
but if the full clause appears , it is heavier than the pp and can therefore follow it .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the type locality of NNP NNS is south NNPS in romania .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
its vessels are the independence , a 150 passenger vessel , and freedom ferry , a 600 passenger vessel .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the motion picture films show the fire spreading RB along the skin of the NN .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
NNP serial number on the NN label on the NNS is CD .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
infobox , at least it is in my firefox browser .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
my concern is that NNP are too large a process .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its dark spots are small and sharp , but well developed throughout its trunk .	2	3	VBP	are	is
although people have different kinds of NNS for the events of human NNS , NNP found it is very useful to group explanation into two categories ; internal ( personal ) and external ( JJ ) NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
recent projects include two international projects , one to beijing , china and the other to parts of palestine and lebanon .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the cartoons are there , and whether we decide to show them or not has no effect .	1	2	VBP	are	is
and this review contains a photograph , VBG to prove that NNP NNP did indeed perform at the event that is reported .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
running from north north-east to south south-west , the canal runs parallel to the NNP river which feeds it , it is long , and comprises two locks .	9	10	VBZ	runs	run
the most you can say is that one spelling is more common than another , or that more people consider it correct , in each case perhaps with a geographical qualification .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the main building is the NNP fellowship lodge ( also referred to as the dining hall , and formerly called the NNP lodge ) , where NNS are served .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the overall treatment depends on the type , cause , and depth of the wound as well as whether or not other structures beyond the skin ( NN ) are involved .	2	3	VBZ	depends	depend
mass society is any society of the modern era that possesses a mass culture and large-scale , JJ , social institutions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this interview says it was the corner of 8th and rio grande .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
chinese NNP 6 this list displays only the top 22 nations in terms of singles titles wins .	4	5	VBZ	displays	display
this article talks about the NNP as a whole .	1	2	VBZ	talks	talk
the program competes in conference usa as a JJ sport , and its head coach is jonathan NNP .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
my complaint is your NN of your position as an administrator .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it takes a human something like JJ hours to make a NN of bread , the machine is probably as VBN as it can be .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the new drummer is NNP NNP , previously with extreme act NNP , with whom he recorded 2 albums and toured europe with dark funeral .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NNS list shows the top 25 most popular places in the vicinity looking at positive reviews , search NNS and other user data .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
super hits , `` red dress '' ( porter , shakespeare , NNP , mitchell , james , NNP ) and `` hearts are insane '' ( porter ) , both produced by ted howard .	22	23	VBP	Are	Is
it RB VBZ new users , who naturally tend to think if two things have different names , they must not be exactly the same .	13	14	VBP	have	has
the typical format of an index page is 5 columns and if you VBP off a bit to allow for NNS and things , the typical column is about 120 entries .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the main issue is that the fear of VBG was not removed by therapy in the first place .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the college offers a JJ development program for NNP central prison inmates .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
this appearance is available from NNP video .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in reality this mosque claims to have this NN .	3	4	VBZ	claims	claim
old NNP gives his last speech to the cats ( the NNP of cats ) and the show ends .	17	18	VBZ	ends	end
the village also has two fields ( one large field known to locals mostly as `` the village green '' and a smaller field located near the NN ) which are used to host sporting events and council events such as the annual village NN .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
in most cases , the sponsors are not the same but carry the current sponsors ' NNS on the classic NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the song seems to reflect this interpretation better , as the chorus states `` we were only kids .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
as such , the island is subject to long periods of NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
we are not asked in this case to say whether we think this law is JJ , or even VB , '' stewart had written ; `` [ w ] e are asked to hold that it VBZ the united states constitution .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
for dental health , frequency of sugar NN is more important than the amount of sugar consumed .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the agency is about to make a deal with honda NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the university provides for students with disabilities , food NNS , and religious observations .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the trial of NNP NNP , wife of former communist NN bo NNP , for the alleged murder of british businessman neil NNP begins in the chinese city of NNP .	1	23	VBZ	begins	begin
support per above , makes logical sense , plus a new namespace has other uses .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
the VBG person , however , has a responsibility to keep NNS down to a minimum .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
although most JJ NNS are JJ , those of the JJ NN are long and sharp and can cause a JJ NN wound as the NN covering them contains a NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
other major NNS are NNP and , more recently , NNP NNP energy .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this information is not so clearly explained in other articles on NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP RBR this site is a wildlife management and recreation area privately owned by JJ corporation ( NNP ) and entry is by reservation .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the game is an arena based first person shooter , with four NNS available at launch including new york , NNP and factories .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so the ghost reads it and goes back to come tomorrow and it VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
the NNS have one or two JJ rows of six to eight very enlarged scales on each side .	1	2	VBP	have	has
so if that course of events happens , then i do n't object to it .	3	6	VBZ	happens	happen
two special cases are worth noting .	2	3	VBP	are	is
importantly , minority protection will only be effective when both majority and minority groups have NNS to VB to the established institutions and rights .	13	14	VBP	have	has
the JJ road ends at CD avenue north in brooklyn center , near the junction of NNP and interstate CD .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
the album contains NNP 's first recordings as a leader ( although the sessions that comprised NNP 's eye view were released first ) , and was later re-released as first flight on the NNP label .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
but our article is , at best , JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comment the user is new and needs yet more time to learn about writing up articles and improve these ones , he is clearly serious and able to VBG them up to standard .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the cast includes NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
also , the NNP film article also has an adequate number of pictures to , perhaps maybe too much .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP applied for the funds of the european union VBD to boost polish businesses and researchers from JJ on the grounds that his school is an `` NN for modern technology in the service of civil society .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
NNP ] ] that says that `` tagging anything other than attack pages , NNS , vandalism or complete nonsense only a few minutes after creation is not likely to be constructive and may only serve to VB the page author .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
reaction engines are more energy efficient when they VBP their reaction mass when the vehicle is travelling at high speed .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the exterior of the building is primarily NNP and art NNP and the interior is primarily art NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
furthermore if any job in the pipeline fails , recovery actions will be wider than just VBG this single job .	3	7	VBZ	fails	fail
these guests are NNP 's confidence ( craig ferguson ) , a tall , VBD , JJ game show host type who calls NNP `` the king '' , and NNP 's NNP , ( lee NNP ) a NN , JJ , black JJ little man .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when the ball is new it usually NNS very little but it will generate a lot of speed , NN and variation off the NN ( because the NN on a new ball stands out more than that on an old ball ) .	28	33	VBZ	stands	stand
in computer science , a JJ operator ( sometimes incorrectly called a tertiary operator ) is an operator that takes three arguments .	13	15	VBZ	is	are
the street is home to the NNP youth theatre , one of the first professional children 's theatres in russia , opened in 1922 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the go signal is a NN towards the door .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ islamic cemetery site occupies an estimated and has 25 blocks .	4	5	VBZ	occupies	occupy
other countries have an explicit policy to ensure and support access for all of its citizens , to fund health research , and to plan for adequate numbers , distribution and quality of health workers to meet health care goals .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the one constant is the NN and friendship between `` NNP '' and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first step he takes is the NN of all known instances where the nature of heat appears to exist .	14	17	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP railway station serves NNP in county NNP , northern ireland .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
however , the community continues to be incorporated in the expanding suburbs of the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
i searched the bug reports for `` CD '' , but could not find any .	3	4	VBZ	reports	report
the third season is due to begin in autumn 2013 on tv NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the element of sonic NNP is an ep by NNP out , released on fat wreck NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the traditions and values of phi sigma NNP live on through phi sigma phi .	1	8	VBP	live	lives
everyone here is a volunteer and NNPS move about the wiki as the spirit moves them from one thing to another and when they get involved in a discussion they may choose to concentrate on one aspect , perhaps what they consider to be the NN points .	13	14	VBZ	moves	move
club 's colors are red and white , while club 's anthem is NNP NNP NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the archives ' holdings are global in perspective , and include such topics as world ethnic performance traditions , historical and spoken word recordings , sounds of science and nature , JJ folklore , and family folklore .	3	4	VBP	are	is
but the more important phenomena is that the NN seemed to be centered at 0 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the 2 JJ NNS are essential to the meaning .	3	4	VBP	are	is
no user needs any user rights .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the mountain usually referenced is NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the only NN not affected is the NN , which has JJR feet and can safely walk on NN and wire .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
love of islam or something else , but whatever title it is given the topic is clearly notable .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the amount of the eclipse is different depending where you are on the surface of the earth .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although it is called a `` runners '' high , the effect can occur RB that people engage in any JJ exercise or activity , not just running .	16	17	VBP	engage	engages
many tourists at JJ NNS such as NNP wear NN clothes throughout their holiday .	1	8	VBP	wear	wears
most members are from the united states , but the society enjoys the significant participation of international scholars , practitioners , students , and advocates as well .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this definition of proportion forms the subject of NNP 's book v .	1	4	VBZ	forms	form
elder son NNP suggests they try to escape to safety up the thames river .	1	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
but this average is the same for all NNS , and is therefore equal to VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oppose powerful subject ( and i always liked NNP ) , but this scan is just too small and low quality for an NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the altitude varies between 800 and 3 , 800 meters above mean sea level , with the majority of the park located higher than 2 , 500 above NNP .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
if the process requires administrator tools , please feel free to go ahead and do it .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the publication is now in its ninth edition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
golf NNS have nothing to do with track NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
live at the electric also features his own sketches , which are largely dark NN .	0	5	VBZ	features	feature
the only way to make it look straight is to crop it as i have done .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
for thinking can not therefore be solely a producer of thoughts alone to NNP , as is the position taken by NNS , because thoughts are to him what VBP it , but must also be what produces the stable environment NN being happens .	24	25	VBP	are	is
RBR or later the structure of the foundation will alter to that of other international NNS ( like fifa or NNP ) - but i think wiki is too young for that at the moment , and so the present construction of the foundation is JJ .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the building is now the focus of a judicial process between the NNS of the family .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a simple NN of a graph is a new graph obtained by the identification of two adjacent NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
since 1945 , the area is a part of poland .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
habitats include florida NN , depression marsh , JJ swamp , and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
secondly , the show does not appear to be discussed by anyone except itself , so that means that the article requires wikipedia to be a secondary source of information .	20	21	VBZ	requires	require
many like to throw around in arguments that wikipedia 's standards are `` verifiability not truth '' , and while that may have worked when the community was young , perhaps we should change that wording and clarify it a bit on our policy and guideline pages .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the muslim NNP people live in the autonomous region of muslim NNP and southern provinces , remain JJ in terms of employment , social mobility , education and housing .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
her album has a review at bbc review , there may be more reviews .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
two access NNS link the public transport NNS to castle peak road and NNP NNP road for access to VB services such as buses , NNS , and NN .	2	3	VBP	link	links
it is a national and international exchange accommodation centre offering good quality , JJ accommodation for national and international schools NNS , visiting students , amateur sports organisations and other national and international visitors and groups for whom the traditional hotel market is not an attractive or JJ option .	41	42	VBZ	is	are
however the original version is on the dvd set .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in cognitive linguistics , the NN uses NN of words to affect an emotional response which determines gender role of a certain kind .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
i said discussion is important regardless of whether one of the users is an admin .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
by having multiple servers in different geographic locations , a monitoring service can determine if a web server is available across different networks worldwide .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
his forms RB combine NN with NN , NN with spirit , and NN with expression .	1	3	VBP	combine	combines
this third campaign includes the wall VBG the entire nave , including the western entrance and ends just below the gallery windows .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the first houses of this type date from the 19th century , and many are still in use .	2	14	VBP	are	is
albums seem to be independent ( amazon lists their label as `` unknown '' ) .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
the culture section seems to focus strongly on classical culture .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the NNS primarily operate out of an abandoned hotel in NNP .	1	3	VBP	operate	operates
his wife , jane NNP NNP , is prominent in nebraska politics .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS and NNS on the JJ surface indicate JJ movement to the north-west .	1	8	VBP	indicate	indicates
the district also offers a NN funded head start program for NNS .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the story takes place in the late 1890 's in nebraska during winter .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
seals and NNS are longtime NNS of the NNP faith .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the NNS involved include the NNP NN and NNP NN .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the first one is the word NN which comes from the english word `` introduction '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the instance that i 've noticed , the user provides age , fairly detailed location information , and the high school that he or she VBZ .	21	26	VBZ	attends	attend
blair struggles to escape from the island , but all attempts fail .	10	11	VBP	fail	fails
the reason given is that this allowed him to hide his identity at a time when the soviet union still existed and there was the possibility of NN against friends and relatives .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
their other work includes such JJ songs as NNP , movement , and red .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
a short list of these includes el NNP , el NNP , spanish for the bear , is an JJ NN , VBP a suggestion of NN , VBN in the tradition of the RB JJ and JJ VBG mexican NNS .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
the title of the book is a NN on a NN of soviet JJ propaganda , describing communism as the `` NNP heights '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the column is an JJ , humorous look at such universal issues as family , NN , and modern life , as well as the latest science and technology news .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
your point about food , however , is valid .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in 2013 , italian design is having its NN and its sales now drive the bottom line of new york auction houses .	11	13	VBP	drive	drives
the most important tasks of the parliament of the NNP community include the election and the supervision of the government of the NNP community , the adoption of NNS for the NNP community and the preparation and adoption of the annual budget .	3	11	VBP	include	includes
rs for a set of guidelines you can use to evaluate whether or not a source is reliable in the sense that it should be included on wikipedia .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
regardless if the declaration affects the entire country or sections of it , the council of the republic must be notified by the president and must seek their approval within three days of NN .	3	4	VBZ	affects	affect
the NNP is charged with developing a regulatory framework for scottish NNS , where each charity is clear about is rights and responsibilities .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
i see merit to both sides , and i do firmly believe the abusive admin situation is worse than before and we really need to do something about it .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the episode `` uncertainty principle '' is significant for the NN it gives on the JJ relationships , particularly charlie 's difficulty in dealing with his mother 's death from cancer .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the gates currently do not close , so no maintenance can be performed on the gates or the irrigation outlet tunnels .	1	3	VBP	do	does
while some birds are essentially territorial or live in small family groups , other birds may form large NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
once more JJ and pablo stop the evil professor by showing the crew that land is not far off .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
cleveland tells donna about being fired by kenny , but just then president obama 's helicopter lands on the front lawn and obama challenges cleveland to a game of basketball which he wins and then NNS .	15	16	VBZ	lands	land
like bugs , his schemes have an NN which encyclopedia NNS .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the start area is CD meters above sea level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the two tournament champions earn the paraguay 1 and paraguay 2 NNS in the second stage of the 2010 copa NNP .	3	4	VBP	earn	earns
that would make it much easier to see what inside of the general drink category is VBN and also help the soft drink project members see which drink stubs are the ones they should focus on improving .	24	25	VBP	see	sees
rise and fall is the first full length album by the los angeles based JJ rock band , the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
subject is notable and interesting to VB into a list .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
i believe that article needs improvement , but the sources exist .	9	10	VBP	exist	exists
many NNS highways have also recently had gates installed at entrance NNS , along with special JJ NNS located near NNS , allowing access to the highway to be easily closed in case of emergency or road work .	2	3	VBP	have	has
however , the champion soon realizes rocky will not go down and that the old man `` has NNS in his NNS '' .	3	5	VBZ	realizes	realize
the NN NNS are of moderate size ; the NNS of mature males are extremely long , reaching past the origin of the JJ fin , and have NNS of NNS on the NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the essential difference between NN and JJ nationalism is that members of a NN , by definition , are no longer resident in their national or ethnic homeland .	10	18	VBP	are	is
he is VBG for the JJ regime to respect the traditional culture and indigenous lands of the NNP people , and he works with NNP VBZ abroad to provide VBG for displaced NNP children whose parents are unable to do so .	35	36	VBP	are	is
science is the record of dead religions .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the computer has no way of determining whether it should wait for the user to load a disk , or VB the operation .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ acid ( NNP ) is a JJ JJ species ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the rights of NNS , NNS , NNS , and NN ( lgbt ) persons in denmark are extensive and a high priority , reflecting the tolerance of danish society .	1	17	VBP	are	is
an article is not a file name , and an article is not a topic .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the larger group of world war ii military burial is at NNP wan war cemetery in NNP wan .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the airfield maintains a restaurant , sky high NNP , as well as a medical facility , accommodation areas and administrative buildings ; food and NNS are also offered .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
NNP casualties are JJ , as are events leading up to the raids .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ eye fields begin JJ NNS on the JJ appearance of visual targets , allowing JJ exploration of the visual scene .	3	4	VBP	begin	begins
the surrounding area is part of the lands administrative unit of the sutton forest parish .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
few practical attacks are of this form .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNS , NNS , NNS , and wind boards are available with a sand beach for an exciting water program .	0	9	VBP	are	is
the JJ standard is VBN by NNP , but often engineers and applications guides continue to use the rs designation .	10	14	VBP	continue	continues
the specific name , NN , is in honor of brazilian NN NNP NNP de NNP ( CD ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the closure is then passed to the filter function , which calls it repeatedly to determine which books are to be added to the result list and which are to be VBN .	17	18	VBP	are	is
an image processor or image processing engine is a specialized digital signal processor used for image processing in digital cameras , mobile phones or other devices .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the school also has a student congress team which competes within the state .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the only differences are that NNP has cream colored fur and wears a blue NNP NN outfit while NNP has brown colored fur and wears a red NNP NN outfit .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NN rate in australia is quite high , being similar to other english speaking countries like canada .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP men , who VBZ the five NNP , wear the NN partly to cover their long , JJ hair ( NN ) .	3	11	VBP	wear	wears
nonetheless , nobility per se has rarely constituted a closed caste ; acquisition of sufficient power , wealth , military NN or royal favour has , occasionally or often , enabled NNS to VB into the nobility .	12	24	VBZ	has	have
NN users have their [ [ ip address ] ] RB changed regularly , so messages intended for someone else are often delivered to you when you begin to use an ip address that has previously been used by someone attempting to VB wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	have	has
recent reports indicate that the three NNS will spend one billion us dollars between them on the development of the JJ and JJ drive hybrid NNS .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
politician because he passes the gng .	0	3	VBZ	passes	pass
the fact that the data makes you JJ is not a reason to VB it .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the story features three JJ teenagers from the 30th century who offer NNP membership in their NN club , the legion of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the geographic north pole is found VBG over the arctic ocean and the NN system produces artifacts near the poles as the tiles become RB ' small and JJ errors VBP .	22	23	VBP	become	becomes
the portrait of princess saint NNP ( ) is a painting by portuguese renaissance artist NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
its first recorded use is in CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i expect if this article is deleted it will only VB again , as the NNP project appears to grow in size and cultural impact each year .	16	17	VBZ	appears	appear
the somerset apartments are five JJ rectangular buildings , each four stories , built in a row running NN from jefferson .	2	3	VBP	are	is
geological evidence suggests that JJ NN , such as that in NNS , became important during the NNP era around 2 billion years ago .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NN NNS , such as nuclear and coal , often have very high fixed costs , high plant load factor and very low marginal costs .	1	10	VBP	have	has
NNS of NN have yet to VB one source that documents this department in detail .	0	3	VBP	have	has
however , the NN layer creates a potential surrounding the particle that differs from the bulk NN .	4	5	VBZ	creates	create
in fact , wikimedia suggested that every class have their teachers require their students submit to the NNP process .	13	14	VBP	submit	submits
if the player 's time or score in brain age check or training is high enough , it will appear on one or both of the top three .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
the whole community at geology is very friendly and good at VBG and VBG .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
best thing to do is to ignore it .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the only reason people would want a template for their NNS is because they want NN , which , in certain cases , can lead to NN .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
google searches in english and hebrew say that the author of NNP NNP on NNP NNP NNP in NNP NNP NNP NNP is rabbi NNP NNP cohen .	9	22	VBZ	is	are
compared with NNP UH , the shell of NNP NN is smaller , its length varying between 0 .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
contrary to NN , the patient remains JJ and does not necessarily need to be located in a laboratory while the required data is being recorded .	5	6	VBZ	remains	remain
the us NNP have similar functional safety certification processes , in the form of us NNP NNP for software and NNP for hardware , which is applied throughout the aerospace industry .	7	8	VBZ	processes	process
income tax on personal income is a progressive tax .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
an unnamed JJ man ( lee NNP ) drives RB through downtown seoul on a NN summer afternoon , with the view outside , RB VBN through the car windows , NN and VBD .	3	8	VBZ	drives	drive
the field of science fiction and fantasy is where NNP has worked for many years .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 17 , CD ( out of which the population of NNP NNP NNP amounts to 9 , CD , and the population of the rural part of the gmina is 7 , CD ) .	36	44	VBZ	is	are
this sea snail lives in NN areas , as well as reef NNS and JJ NNS in shallow water from low tide levels to NNS of CD .	2	3	VBZ	lives	live
animals are beautiful people ( aka beautiful people ) is a 1974 nature documentary about the wildlife in southern africa .	0	1	VBP	Are	Is
her mother lives in a constant state of NN , and tries to do what she can to make NNP NNP into a lady , which consists of making her NN NN cups of coffee in the NN , and buying matching JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	lives	live
NNS to NNP if i seem to have VBN the diffs .	0	5	VBP	seem	seems
the sport is extremely popular in eastern europe .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN factor is any biological , psychological or social factor that can trigger NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
who group ii is the most common cause of NN disorders , and the most common NN member is JJ JJ syndrome ( NNP ) .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the code in the action block follows a JJ NN with a limited set of built in functions .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow
as of july 2013 , NNP operates 16 such aircraft and the average fleet age is 3 .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
these tests are useful in VBG members of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the soundtrack also features original songs composed by nathan NNP .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the seeds are an important food for NNP and NNP , and to a lesser extent for other NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the official guide book is in two volumes , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP fire '' , the results of which are still quite evident to NNS or visitors to the peak .	5	8	VBP	are	is
this crucial change goes JJ by the closing admin .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
if the train is able to successfully pass through the slide area ( that is , there is no danger ) , it may then be allowed to proceed normally .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the tower is open to visitors of the castle , and its observation point NNS wonderful views .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what VBZ JJ NNP driven from the traditional approach of NNP in terms of tools is that the new approach applies the tool operating curve in addition to the tools listed above .	19	20	VBZ	applies	apply
the second half of the album has more of a pastoral feel to it , including the JJ JJ ballad the earth beneath our feet .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
it is a JJ procedure that should only ever be used when the time to travel to the nearest NN chamber is too long to save the victim 's life .	13	21	VBZ	is	are
about 300 local , state and federal elected officials make up its membership .	8	9	VBP	make	makes
although the headquarters is the NNP campus , the majority of students ( approximately 17 , 000 ) are enrolled at the NNP campus in west tokyo .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if you have a periodic wave , such as a spoken vowel , a note , or a NN , you can use JJR analysis to describe the wave in terms of component frequencies , which is essentially what our ear does .	40	41	VBZ	does	do
the newest ones 14 and 15 seem not to have gathered that much attention .	2	6	VBP	seem	seems
western NNP territory remains controlled by the NNP arab democratic republic ( NNP ) , the NNP state with limited international recognition .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
he has stated that he believes that life begins at conception .	7	8	VBZ	begins	begin
the left black bar shows all the NNS ( NNP , abbreviated as `` NNP '' ) of the NNP party , and the right bar shows the corresponding NN of the austrian government at that time .	25	26	VBZ	shows	show
the potential NN of this method is that you always have to give preference for one suit or other , and you may not want any switch in particular .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP uses his engineering skills to rebuild NNP but has NNS of NNP 's death which are soon VBN when a NN appears in the sky and NNP dies .	21	22	VBZ	appears	appear
the NNP award itself is in the form of a base metal medal with JJ highlights suspended from a red and gold ribbon , featuring a NN VBG stone with a NN NN in front .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
dances are also a large part of the festivals .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP cuisine ( , ) is eaten mainly in NNP , NNP , eastern uttar pradesh , bangladesh , nepal , NNP , fiji , some cities of pakistan , NNP , and trinidad and NNP as these are they places where JJ people are present .	43	44	VBP	are	is
folk high schools are a RB nordic institution .	2	3	VBP	are	is
unfortunately , the way that 3rr is set up , a person who follows CD is NN in the face of a persistent and JJ pov NN .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
a brass plaque fixed to the tower VBZ his contribution to the church and notes that in 1901 he paid for the restoration of the tower and provided two new bells .	2	7	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
the route heads east into agricultural areas and turns north onto andrews settlement road in the community of andrews settlement .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
examples of the city beautiful movement 's works include the city of chicago , the columbia university campus , and the national mall in washington d .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
the district office has 5 divisions , 24 departments , 3 special assistance teams .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
apart from a cover of an 1980s song `` NNP monday '' and a JJ track `` NNP NNP '' , the album consists of completely original tracks JJ by NNP and producer don richmond .	22	23	VBZ	consists	consist
my inner age is between 10 and 40 ' article about NNP wilson by kate NNP , the observer , 29 may 2005 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fourth NN is from the NNP NNP ( dedicated to the god of NNP , identified with the warrior god NNP ) which is on NNP NNP ( a street in NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
book to film NNP and NNP is part of their lineup .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP family is notable , including anyone who holds the NNP name and this is it , like paris ' NNP is famous because 1 she comes from the NNP family and 2 , because she too advantage of it by doing tv programs like simple life .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the formation of the JJ complex ( JJ ) marks the potential sites for the NN of dna NN .	1	9	VBZ	marks	mark
a baby being born is not news .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the nest , built mainly by the female , is a shallow cup in a NN or dense bush into which the usually two JJ JJ eggs are laid .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
these were tiny colleges ; their president seems no more notable than a high school principal or NN .	6	7	VBZ	seems	seem
the dean 's december [ 10 ] this 2000 novel , the last one by its author , features a narrator named NNP who wrote a biographical sketch of john NNP NNP and who was friends with the titular homosexual professor .	9	18	VBZ	features	feature
the race VBZ , however , without a sign of NNP 's attack and NNP VBZ his guard .	1	2	VBZ	progresses	progress
the dates given are those of NNS .	1	3	VBP	are	is
some scholars have interpreted the basque words VBP POS ' and JJ NNS ' as containing IN PRP ' , which they take as evidence that the basque language dates back to the stone age .	28	29	VBZ	dates	date
the next camera shot is at the couple 's home as their neighbor is leaving for a musical NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the source of it seems basically irrelevant if there 's no actual possibility for it to be copyrighted .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
i understand `` web '' ( there 's only one world wide web ) , but the word 's article uses lower case .	19	20	VBZ	uses	use
the outcome of the suit is unknown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the timeline is difficult to read .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
court officers are primarily responsible for the safety and security of the public within toronto 's court locations , as well as the transportation , security , and safety of over 400 prisoners attending court each day .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the trunk of this plant is JJ and JJ m tall .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the task of the NN is to form a new government coalition and lead the negotiations about the government agreement and the composition of the government .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i 'd add that the title itself is problematic .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
for melbourne high school students , the normal english subject is compulsory but can be replaced by english as a second language ( NNP ) for particular students .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
his battle cry `` NNP an NN '' , in scottish gaelic , VBZ to `` the NNP 's rock .	2	13	VBZ	translates	translate
portugal relations are foreign relations between argentina and portugal .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these articles fall under the export and temporary import jurisdiction of the department of state .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
other factors , including engine NN , custom NN and luxury NNS , such as power NNS , power NN , and `` JJ '' or automatic NN systems , help determine whether a car is considered a classic .	1	30	VBP	help	helps
the first avenue on the left , beyond NNP avenue , is NNP road where stands that curious structure known as the bottle tower or hall 's barn .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
an audience for the NNS to JJ films develops , and NNS built around this music appear , most RB leigh NNP 's NNP .	1	8	VBZ	develops	develop
the basic problem with VBG a gas NN for NNS is to decide what NNS to allow for .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
critical studies on the NN of scientific and social orders also dealt with evaluation procedures used by international development agencies , the NN of NN and science and a brief history of unesco .	1	11	VBP	dealt	dealt
for example , fighter actions are usually VBG NNS to VB strikes while wizard actions are JJ orders .	14	15	VBP	are	is
most rural communities depend on the land for their NN and survival .	2	3	VBP	depend	depends
tommy NNP , a government employee of gibraltar ( whose wikipedia article is JJ by NNP ) adds five files concerning the path to commons , e .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
although bo is now a high school senior , the incident serves as a NN for his life .	10	11	VBZ	serves	serve
NNS exist on the NN or low end of the NN gamma domain .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
however , even with a two swords form , the NN always keeps in mind the second sword could be anything such as a shield , knife , club , or even bare hand .	10	12	VBZ	keeps	keep
NNP , this user is extremely problematic at present .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the skull of NNP is small , being about in length .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a special attraction is the NN , a JJ NN associated with pottery manufacture in various parts of europe .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
researchers must VB the numerical values or NNS very precisely to ensure accurate results and that impacts of events on each other are realistic and not JJ .	16	22	VBP	are	is
the game supports JJ content ; five new characters have been made available ( NNP , NNP , NNP , the 3rd NNP , and NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
the 19th century NNP NNP is a heavy NN of bulgarian folk songs , with many alleged references to slavic mythology , which most scholars consider a NN .	24	25	VBP	consider	considers
his fighting style is simple and yet JJ , with a NN attack that involves spinning and VBG around .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each week , teams play various activities based on the board game in order to win big prizes including a trip to anywhere from around the world .	3	4	VBP	play	plays
except for JJ publications , specialist NNS remain rare and focus almost exclusively on the natural world or government terminology .	6	7	VBP	remain	remains
the london NN system is part of the water infrastructure serving london , england .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this NNP source in the article is essentially just a directory listing on a commercial website .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i 'm not sure where my NNS actually exist .	6	8	VBP	exist	exists
the problem is that our article is not sourced ( and not well balanced etc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , the iranian theory VBZ iranian origin , based on NNP NNPS containing greek inscription of given names JJ [ NNP ] , NNP and NNP ( NNP , NNP , and NNP ) and their interpretation as NN of croatian people .	4	5	VBZ	proposes	propose
a language is dependent marking if JJ NNS of agreement and case government between the words of phrases tend to appear more on NNS than on heads .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
gay people in these places may not be personally VBN on a daily basis because of their sexuality , if they learn to mask it very early under a NN of NN or whatever the female version is .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
in turn , multiple goal messages involve more speech NNS and NNS .	5	6	VBP	involve	involves
another famous painting depicting some NNS and also NNS ( leading to a series of additional paintings ) is NNP by t .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
the NNP chocolate bar is a milk chocolate bar filled with NNS of air , made by NNP and primarily sold in canada .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as i said , NNP degrees are honorary degrees and relatively rare .	5	6	VBP	are	is
yet , when he decides that certain information he VBZ about must find its way in to wikipedia ( say in to an article about himself ) suddenly quite different sources become acceptable .	30	31	VBP	become	becomes
but you get much larger NNS with the NN further away , so that the field NN is JJR , VBG the NNS into a smaller space .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
this JJ post has an answer to that .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this plant is one of nine in sydney either operated by sydney water or privately owned and operated under contract to sydney water .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
please note that the question is purely for NN purposes .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the CD treaty .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
carlos ) trailer on the NN at NNP beach when his brother is away .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
some techniques used for VBG trees are unique to a particular process , whereas other techniques are common to all , though the implementation may be for different reasons .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the reference to `` the super '' is a bit NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this festival takes place during the flowering of the NN trees in autumn .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
a scientist states that the JJ are very interested in his `` power set .	2	6	VBP	are	is
this article features 7 seas as the primary subject .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a hip joint essentially is a JJ ball and NN .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
length of the bridge is CD .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
although NNP 's primary topic is the art ( and NNS ) of detective fiction , he VBZ on general literature and modern society as well .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
cities have a choice to be governed under the JJ form of government , which also includes the city commission form of government as a variant , or a council manager form of government .	0	1	VBP	have	has
my program involves [ [ NNP ] ] s and JJ NNS and [ [ genetic algorithm ] ] NNP things .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
now i understand these guidelines need not be followed strictly .	4	5	VBP	need	needs
the parish includes large areas of NN NN , rising to the remote peak of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
additionally , the pianist is responsible for playing wooden NNS or NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
two other rivers , the san NNP and the NNP , which used to feed the old lake system , are VBN before they reach the city and their waters now flow directly into the grand canal .	29	31	VBP	flow	flows
texas main industries are minerals and agricultural produce .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its company slogan is `` JJ infrastructure NNP for less .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
federal funding for the program will continue to face challenges from the global economy , and ever increasing fuel and utility costs , but the hope is that the greater benefit and outcomes from this program will continue to VB the needed support for it to continue .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the capability RB consists of a reference that RB identifies a particular object and a set of one or more of these rights .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP NNP says the work is deeply JJ and `` if you approach the NNS with that in mind , the poem will have a tremendous impact on you as you try to understand it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the hanging bridge across the river adds to the JJ NN of the beautiful picture painted by mother nature .	2	6	VBZ	adds	add
a `` mexican egg roll '' is an egg roll NN filled with NNS , cheese , and , RB , meat , as well as various NNS and NNS .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
ball NNS are an example of an attempt to VB the friction NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
political articles need to have both .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
there is also no NN on an editor making a change while the discussion is underway .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
it can be closed only a necessary warning to everyone that asking if mass VBG a page is a good idea in that forum gets the same answer that asking a group of republicans if VBG every policy of NNP obama is a good idea .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , west germany , people demonstrate for nuclear NN .	6	7	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
the vampire kills him , opening the door for a new leader to take over .	1	2	VBZ	kills	kill
the main body of the book is in four parts , as follows .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NN species lack scales , NNS , and lateral line .	1	2	VBP	lack	lacks
support it RB VBZ the concept of JJ , long NNS .	0	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the main improvement i can think of is that the exposition could use a few more NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
some people , comparable to the ( edited ) , have an almost JJ habit of VBG through articles people are in the middle of working at and deleting them .	19	20	VBP	are	is
abandoned settlements are NNP harbour on devon island and craig harbour on NNP island .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the overall sound of the album is slightly flat and VBD , to give a similar sound to the varying productions of each track which are taken from the albums between the years 1974 up to 1977 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the palestinian territories are the palestinian territories , not israel .	2	3	VBP	are	is
an actual escape requires of course that the orbit not VB the planet nor its atmosphere , since this would cause the object to crash .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
in washington dc it has been reported that NNS and politicians employ `` professional line NNS '' to wait in line for them at various NNS .	8	11	VBP	employ	employs
the owners of the property are legally responsible for what goes on at their property .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP well , this debate looks like its heading in the same direction anyway .	4	5	VBZ	looks	look
JJ service is also available to NNS and guests .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but those arguments are not so strong that they VBP consensus .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her most notable films are minority report and NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a NN NN is VBN in NN , then rolled in NN and VBN in medium VBN NNS until the centre is slightly rare and the NN NN and external fat turns NN in the NN .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
a weird thing about them is that they are contracts to deliver a certain amount of oil to a certain place on a certain date .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
these theoretical ideas lay behind much of what the soviet union was about , and the fact that they are not even mentioned in this article is a great NN .	2	3	VBP	lay	lays
in a NN NNP , every object has a unique normal form .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the point is not to be an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its history goes back to the 12th century with major additions made in the 15th and 16th centuries .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the floor of the crater is level and has most likely been VBN by subsequent lava flows , or by NN and NN deposits .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
intel hd graphics 3000 come integrated with the cpu , while the JJ and JJ models also utilize graphics cards from NNP , the NNP hd CD and NNP hd CD models .	15	17	VBP	utilize	utilizes
unlike full NNP , the user enters only the first and last NNS used in the NNP system , and then chooses the desired character from a list of candidate chinese characters that VBZ up .	5	6	VBZ	enters	enter
each character is unique and has a slightly different spin due to weight distribution differences .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's treatment of the genus NN is the general NN which has been used in subsequent revisions and additions .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
after a conference , NNP points out to kirk that since the creature is immune to conventional weapons fire , he need n't blame himself for VBG to fire in the earlier incident .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
down to the south , roger 's battalion finds itself under attack by waves of NNP .	7	8	VBZ	finds	find
the movement is basically the same kick NN , but runs as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's most notable work is the golden mountain chronicles , VBG the fictional young family from 1849 in china to 1995 in america .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the work is in VBN wood and comprises a NN of jesus christ on the cross with the two NNS on either side and NNS of the virgin mary and st john .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN has five store in a state .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNS pay the site to make me see their advertisements , and the site uses the income to feed JJ people .	14	15	VBZ	uses	use
this couple is a symbol of the complex social hierarchy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though your information is correct , it was already covered in another section .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the woman VBZ into NNP , who takes her to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	transforms	transform
analysis suggests that whether task performers develop effective task strategies on complex tasks also depend on the relationship between self NN and an individual NN .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
as the NN continues , the ash NN could VB west over the north atlantic , cooling the region and possibly setting off the negative phase of the atlantic NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
his JJ form is a large boat , with feet , hands and a JJ wheel .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the center continues to be controlled by a board of governors made up of various NNS .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the various weapons each have their own advantages and NNS .	2	4	VBP	have	has
article appears identical to other articles about roller NNS at mt .	0	1	VBZ	appears	appear
the 1888 piece is the most common proof coin in the series , with an official NN of 200 pieces .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i believe this article does warrant inclusion .	3	4	VBZ	does	do
the rail service from NNP to NNP railway station runs daily from early in the morning until very late at night and is the most RB operated section of the NNP .	2	9	VBZ	runs	run
the school contains a music room , gymnasium , french room , and library .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
JJR realizes from the picture that the old man is a time NN who is attempting to alter that future , and that he is none other than jason NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the news service has been discontinued , and the company now provides print services .	9	11	VBZ	provides	provide
at its west end the NN is continuous with the NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's work identifies the JJ needs and wants of people in a certain culture or country as cultural NNS .	2	3	VBZ	identifies	identify
the station is away from NNP transportation center .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most effective NNS are with a shallow wound with sufficient , supporting NN that will prevent the occurrence of a JJ depression .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i also VBP here that the problem is not just about the misleading NNS but about the wording of the sentence .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the baron then goes on to rebel against the king .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go
adults are on wing from june to august in one generation .	0	1	VBP	are	is
alternatively , people choose to hide the warnings using various funny NNS , such as `` you could be hit by a bus tomorrow .	2	3	VBP	choose	chooses
the sexual selection concept VBZ from the observation that many animals VBP features whose function is not to help individuals survive , but help them to VB their JJ success .	3	4	VBZ	arises	arise
their current president is robert NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he picks it up and a woman in black tells him he is going to die .	6	9	VBZ	tells	tell
industry is not much developed ( smaller industrial centers are NNP , NNP NNP and NNP ) , except for heavily VBN NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
my opinion on adminship of NN is similar to musical NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the fact that they both exist might just indicate that any information about the new NNP album is unclear and JJ .	11	17	VBZ	is	are
further , NNP , VBZ remember that many editors , especially newer ones , operate without the serious investment in time that learning the NNS of every NN takes .	8	14	VBP	operate	operates
the school has a peer mediation scheme , in which students are trained to resolve arguments between other pupils .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
common JJ metal material is JJ NN , where the particles have a classical `` NN '' NN .	10	11	VBP	have	has
the fifth season begins right where season 4 ends with the portal for NNP opening .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
in any case , my original ( and main ) concern is that this list promotes the value of NNS and does not contribute to the project in a constructive manner .	14	15	VBZ	promotes	promote
if the new process does nothing , each new JJ process we run reduces the number of JJ `` fork bomb '' processes by one , until eventually all of them can be VBN .	3	4	VBZ	does	do
in the new tower they built , a chamber in the tower has their JJ displayed over the windows .	8	12	VBZ	has	have
in all JJ NNS , from the native NN to VB NN , the molecular chain begins with a reducing sugar , containing a free NN .	15	16	VBZ	begins	begin
the stadium 's capacity is 18 , CD people .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
average age of a parent ( which is essentially what we mean by the length of a generation ) is significantly less than that .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
the editing history speaks for itself , and the occurrence of some correct changes is odd , but given the absolute lack of communication , these issues have gone on long enough .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
its hard to see the line where popularity and notability divide , however when major newspapers and not just average people begin using it as a source , its clear its passed that line .	15	21	VBP	begin	begins
the bus route is the successor to the 1 NNP street , 2 carey street , and 2 fort avenue NN lines .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN group is JJ whereas the NN is JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN being appealed by captain NNP is one that i issued due to a previous closure of an NNP case .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
as of 2006 , the station draws an estimated 600 , 000 listeners each week .	5	6	VBZ	draws	draw
the JJ evidence here is the vandalism from one account followed by the warning from a different account , using the same ip .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
i have seen VBG editors turn around when someone says the right thing to them .	4	5	VBP	turn	turns
not a fake , and surely a terrible design , but the article is basically or .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
but the point is that while the pair have had two somewhat notable encounters , sources do not exist VBG an actual relationship between them , which is what is needed for an article with this scope .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
clay is also a distinguished member of the college of NNP of the american theatre .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the studio recording version of `` NNP no NNP '' heard on NNP no NNP is completely different song , which features renewed composition by the NN NNP NNP .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
the two main characters are a green sock puppet named NNP and a white sock puppet named RB .	3	4	VBP	are	is
most NNS perform a reduction of the JJ soft tissue .	1	2	VBP	perform	performs
the mann family of NNP of germany is a NNP family .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the complexity of the NN is 30 NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP veteran begins questioning NNP again , and shows him his service medal .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
these organizations , as part of their `` NN '' , they often use JJ means to convince women not to have NNS , and VB to tell women that they do not offer NNS [ 34 ] .	1	13	VBP	use	uses
the system consists of four aircraft , three of which are transported in the air vehicle NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the school has two libraries , one for each main building .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
nearby hiking attractions are the `` VBG NNS , '' perfectly round NNS that range between 10 to 50 feet ( 3 to 15 m ) in diameter and are between 20 and 70 feet ( 6 to 21 m ) deep .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the president and ceo of NNP together is angela griffin , with anthony pleasant serving as vice president .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the railroad line NNP has a hold point in the community .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
i tend to disagree that the problem is the relevance and importance of the NNP sound convention .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP trail continues to follow the river past NNP NNS and finally ends at the confluence of the NNP NNP creek and the NNP river in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
birds are probably the largest animal group in the NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the space y is called the NN of x , and is the NN of x at the NNS , and is the rational NN type of x .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
many types of equipment require testing at regular intervals to ensure JJ safety ; the interval between tests depending on both the type of NN and the environment it is used in .	1	4	VBP	require	requires
florida and thus those servers are subject to us law .	4	5	VBP	are	is
see for example , the two articles in the national newspaper , the los angeles times , on the kevin craft article for examples of the types of reliable sources the article needs .	31	32	VBZ	needs	need
the railway from NNPS to NNP is an important french JJ long railway line , that connects NNPS and northern france to NNP and southern france via NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
numerous clinical and laboratory reports link erosion to excessive consumption of drinks .	4	5	VBP	link	links
the main concern is not over NNS , but rather JJ information .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
what a tool that guy is .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
apart from those VBG NNS , consensus is clearly that the available sources are insufficient .	12	13	VBP	are	is
a RB possible NN is one that can be asserted without VBG a logical NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the shell has a strictly JJ shape .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
your question appears to be related to the notice posted at laurel school and may be in reference to this post .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
one such deal is a venture into dealing modern art , with the aid of NNP ( louis NNP ) , a JJ JJ painter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
israel relationship is `` a strategic asset for the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although most of the wool is grown principally on the scottish and uk mainland , in the early summer the island communities still join together to round up and VB the local sheep to add to the mix .	21	23	VBP	join	joins
also , a ban is a ban , and they are meant for cases of serious NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
wars are fought on land and sea , and players command armies based initially on the armies of the period of the war of the spanish succession .	9	10	VBP	command	commands
social policies are what happens VBZ the ground ' when they are implemented , as well as what happens at the decision making or legislative stage .	1	2	VBP	are	is
people , i want to know who that other NN was ( among many other things ) ; there 's absolutely no way on earth i 'm ever again going to acknowledge this committee as a legitimate agent of dispute resolution unless these things are put on the table .	0	3	VBP	want	wants
delete primarily based on the fact that this article is not in any way RB sourced , so it does violate that policy .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the interior floor of NNP is relatively flat , and marked only by tiny NNS .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the official language in slovenia is NNP , which is a member of the south slavic language group .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
even though fighting over NNP becomes a VBG test to their friendship , the situation gets worse when they practically get the whole city involved .	14	15	VBZ	gets	get
the NNP free energy density is a quantity that describes the increase in the free energy density of a liquid crystal caused by NNS from its NN aligned configuration .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the album version is a different recording using elements significant to the NN of the album , such as violin NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today , the city is one of the NN in the country , with its economic base in industries such as chemicals , paper products and machinery .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ sufficient statistics are JJ for this purpose , as they capture all relevant information present in the data in the JJS possible form .	2	3	VBP	are	is
please note that third clause is a mere declaration .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
troops also have specific skills related to their particular type ( cavalry , NNS , UH , etc .	0	2	VBP	have	has
according to the 2002 census , the ward has a total population of 5 , CD .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
habitat loss due to logging and JJ separation from other populations means that the NN deserves special attention .	1	11	VBZ	means	mean
sarah 's letters from san francisco are full of questions about NNP 's course , she was JJ for information and NN about her own lack of knowledge .	2	6	VBP	are	is
if the entry in row i of x is unknown , the entry in row i of b must be known , and vice NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the west branch of the NNP river makes up the western border for the city .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make
NNP church ( ) is a medieval lutheran church on the island of NNP , in the diocese of NNP ( sweden ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
doctoral students are integral to the research activities of most business schools , since they must publish in order to land a good job NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP NNP reserve attracts an array of NNS and NNS thanks to the spectacular clay mineral NN , or NNP carved out by the alto NNP de NNP river .	3	4	VBZ	attracts	attract
catholic rebels make an attempt to VB dublin but their plan is discovered at the last minute and abandoned .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
the large number of reverts RB is due to the JJ , JJ use of a vandal bot .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP and says the NNP invention dates to 1926 .	5	6	VBZ	dates	date
NNP 's opinion is just that , opinion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the JJ bat , the tail is only long , but extends for at least half of that length beyond the edge of the NN , whereas the longer tail of the other species is entirely enclosed within it .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the teams that automatically qualified include the same `` super six '' teams that were automatically qualified for the final group stage in the two previous tournaments , plus slovakia and germany which ( NNP rankings VBG ) are often regarded as the seventh and eighth best teams .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
in winter , the fur on the back and NNS is long and VB , consisting of RB guard NNS with a NN , soft NN .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
his voting record in the european parliament shows his clear JJ stance .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show
the fee covers events such as a RB VBZ show .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
more specifically , the JJ realm starts with a conscious effort to choose one 's life , with a choice to choose .	5	6	VBZ	starts	start
the JJ method of VBG NNS is at its most accurate when the NN of the object is near to south or north .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the regional sections are now JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ hammer has the NN oriented parallel to the hammer 's handle , while the JJ hammer 's NN is oriented JJ .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
reliable secondary sources are a necessary and sufficient criterion .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i think it could be worth VBG and seeing what the user can come up with , on the understanding that the finished draft still has to pass NN at drv before it can be moved to mainspace .	23	25	VBZ	has	have
the question here is whether they actually have any existence in reality , outside the minds of those VBG their existence .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the article appears to be a JJ copy of the burning man 's site on the black rock rangers .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the distance to the state capital , NNP , is CD kilometers .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's house in fort pierce is a national historic landmark .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
my thought is it should be a NN , either default or not , for those people who may not like it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that evening , NNP VBZ the group to meet NNP , the master of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	prepares	prepare
each set has data back to december 1978 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
but all too soon the joke becomes reality .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
both parties are members of the NNP NNP coalition .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this incarnation shows him as a NN , as well as revealing that he is VBG and has a NN ; when knocked off , this sends him into a rage .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
under the new name `` NNP '' , the team is now a member of the greater metro junior a hockey league .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
and while NNS are a common cause in children , the cause of NN ani in adults is rarely so simple to VB and treat .	11	17	VBZ	is	are
sharon NNP , christopher de NNP new tale marks the first project of sharon NNP under NNP films .	7	8	VBZ	marks	mark
she claims that what makes her love writing is the desire to escape from an JJ world .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the new article fails to address this issue .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
almost all NNS and eagles games are available live on network television , as NNP county receives stations from both the NNS and eagles broadcasting territories , though baltimore NNP games are also available through JJ stations .	30	31	VBP	are	is
the JJ women figures used in many of his sculptures are a product of this time and style .	3	10	VBP	are	is
that is now VBG onto other articles , see here for example , while the disputed article remains locked .	16	17	VBZ	remains	remain
his `` NN '' and tomb are to the north of CD ; and the graves of his six NNS are close by .	15	20	VBP	are	is
in addition to the daily JJ prayer , NNP NN VBZ NNS daily to offer JJ prayer as well as to VB and study sacred NN .	9	10	VBZ	directs	direct
moreover , the information in the article is just trivia and not something important .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this route serves the towns of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
if the controller is removed from the valve the valve turns on and the NN will always be hot .	9	10	VBZ	turns	turn
after cr CD , the route becomes NNP avenue and encounters the western terminus of cr CD .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the game ends when all enemy forces are destroyed and all strategic locations are occupied by friendly forces .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
as students progress , they are presented with choices so that they may fashion a largely JJ program in their junior and senior years .	1	2	VBP	progress	progresses
the paid version ( pro version ) has some extra features , like setting a max number of instances per process , and the ability to run the core as a system service .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
evidence suggests the current temple was built on the site of a smaller older one , by pa NN , who brought the hawaiian religion to the islands somewhere between CD a .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
this name appears to have been borrowed JJ from the official organization back of the 1924 independent presidential campaign of wisconsin progressive senator robert m .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
sam and NNP NN later that night , and the next day NNP gives birth to their child .	11	13	VBZ	gives	give
the word `` track '' also refers to the data tracks of a JJ disk , and therefore , to be called a NN in the original sense , the demo should run from a NN and use a JJ NN to read data from it .	3	6	VBZ	refers	refer
RB to the JJ situation , one can define a JJ NNP NN by considering a JJ atlas in which the transition maps are JJ .	22	23	VBP	are	is
its many rooms feature important collections of weapons , hunting NNS , NNS of the murray clan , NN , paintings , furniture , and RB collected by the murray family over many generations .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
because its structure , this kind of speaker creates sound mostly to JJ and NN of speaker .	2	8	VBZ	creates	create
NNP 's ability to express his opinion , moore sends NNP the money `` RB '' .	2	9	VBZ	sends	send
please be JJ , the author says `` sorry the diabetes makes my eyes VB '' .	5	6	VBZ	says	say
the following table VBZ NN of the bonus .	2	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
each head has a JJ base 1 to 2 NNS long which is lined with layers of JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
redirects are cheap enough that this name can remain as such .	0	1	VBP	are	is
RB , NNP people are unique ; they have features similar to south east asian .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the nearest metro station is NNP ( delhi metro ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the article has a lot of encyclopedic information related to urban planning and NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the department also advocates for universal participation on the NN JJ treaty and the convention on certain conventional weapons .	1	3	VBZ	advocates	advocate
the title itself is pov , the content is JJ , and the little information that this refers to could easily be VBN either into the election article or into the articles about the people involved .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this prints to VB a warning that the program is JJ , and the url to the NN web site where details on the warning and configuration may be found .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the main reason why i created the template is that not only this is only showing that it is not only a subject that relates to russia , but it ( mainly ) VBZ notability , which is very JJ on here .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
major customers for NNP services are the large global pharmaceutical companies .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in NNS law , there are requirements that such NNS contain both a charitable purpose and public benefit .	9	10	VBP	contain	contains
indoor cats live JJ years , while outdoor cats lie CD years , per the references then cited .	1	2	VBP	live	lives
he has this half knowledge that is dangerous enough to VB NN , but he has problems understanding even what a link is .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
its competitors include the daily herald and the chicago tribune .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
its main features are happy valley creek , which runs through the reserve , and the CD m one tree hill in the northeast .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a JJ neck , with no head , extends about as high as the NN 's body .	2	8	VBZ	extends	extend
the NN test JJ VBZ estimates of the NN functions of the two groups at each observed event time .	2	4	VBZ	compares	compare
it follows that the magnetic force does no work on the particle ; it may change the direction of the particle 's movement , but it can not cause it to speed up or slow down .	5	6	VBZ	does	do
the JJ flowers measure JJ cm in diameter , and have five parts .	2	3	VBP	measure	measures
the NNP NNS in st NNP 's and halifax NNP still exist .	2	11	VBP	exist	exists
the remaining two songs are NNP NNS which previously appeared as NNS to singles for NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
its parent station has studios on liberty street in springfield .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this layer is little affected by soil forming processes ( VBG ) , and the lack of JJ development is one of the defining attributes .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
this rich collection of music manuscripts and early NNS comprises nearly 10 , 000 manuscripts and printed works , with some works appearing in several individual collections .	2	9	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the stadium is unique , because it features dirt around the bases and pitcher 's mound , but with dirt colored JJ NN and base paths .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the user needs a NN , at the least .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the name comes from a character in the classic comic play the school for scandal .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
a NNP editor is an obvious improvement that should be welcomed by all .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in principle , each islamic month begins with VBG of the new crescent moon ( after a new moon ) at sunset .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
not all countries have such a concept , and in those that do , the period for which a person may be VBN without trial varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction .	2	3	VBP	have	has
young men work as teachers , bus drivers , NNS , and store NNS .	1	2	VBP	work	works
summers are warm to very warm and sometimes hot .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the cemetery , located at 400 NNP avenue , has historical significance as the burial place of joshua and john NNP who fought with george washington in the revolutionary war .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
but if the NN is n't perfect , i guess the notation is more harmful than helpful .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the route becomes a NN divided highway and passes by the defunct NNP square mall and continues north through commercial areas , VBG many roads with NNS and passing near NNP county park .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
the official positions , the facts , and the actions of many NNS say otherwise .	2	13	VBP	say	says
this perennial herb grows 10 to 20 NNS tall from a woody NN and NN .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow
the problem is in the NNP article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a popular tourist attraction in the town is the NNP FW NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
after leaving NNP , the river crosses the NNP and heads for its confluence and NN at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	crosses	cross
the translation for `` male monkey `` ( english ) is `` NN '' ( portuguese ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the text shows much NN and there is nothing similar in the existing indian NNS , which deal only with hindu temples .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNP city san NNP is the second NNP NNP in manila , it is located in the district of santa cruz , the mall sits on what was the site of the former san NNP NNP , a NN for horses .	23	24	VBZ	sits	sit
the name of the town dates from 20 september CD , when it was mentioned in a document as `` NNP NNP '' ( meaning NNP , referring to the NN resources nearby ) .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
agree about the NN ; there should be no possibility of any reader assuming that the beliefs of NNS are anything but fringe , or that the claims of NNS are presented in the voice of wp .	16	19	VBP	are	is
some scenes also show several buildings and a flower VBG away into blocks .	1	3	VBP	show	shows
the electronic structure of a crystal is in general described by a band structure , which defines the NNS of electron NNS for each point in the NNP zone .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the south NNP NN NN NN is an NN of NNP and NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the article fails to establish his current notability and could easily be interpreted as a vanity page .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
upon more carefully reviewing each link , i do n't think the content linked is a copyright violation .	12	14	VBZ	is	are
john stretch , whose given name is pound NNP , is NNP NNP 's NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
comment has a NN at notability , but may not have it tied up .	0	1	VBZ	Has	Have
the film opens with a happy and JJ NNP standing on a river bank with her current boyfriend and JJ lover .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
jews , the parents of the other are muslims , or christians , or NNS ) are simply unable to marry in israel at all .	3	7	VBP	are	is
each mode is independently JJ distributed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some scholars think that the process by which a democracy becomes consolidated involves the creation and improvement of secondary institutions of the democracy .	9	10	VBZ	becomes	become
the reason for this NN is europeans saw the NNS used in an arabic book , concerning the hindu art of NNP , by NNP JJ NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS of the new testament include some accounts of the NN of jesus in the course of his ministry .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the system makes a distinction between scientific degrees , VBG personal NN achievement in scientific research , and related but separate academic titles , VBG personal achievement in JJ education .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the subsequent stops in NNP 's city centre are NNP ( with change from NNP to NNP procedures and NN system ) , NNP NNP am NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	8	VBP	are	is
another change in the revived era is the NN of many companions ' NN lives , particularly their NNS ; no companion was so depicted in the classic era .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the interior has a nave and two NNS with a NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNP clan uses a NN going through a holly bush to VB NN and courage .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
NNP , the actual cpu speed is only 1 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
then , like preston and NNP , a decline as big city clubs come to dominate .	12	13	VBP	come	comes
the first point of attack in this transformation is to change the discourse that VBZ expressions of power contained in mainstream culture .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the district has a population of 93 , CD , in 17 , CD families .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the case has often been presented as the first to discuss false or misleading NN claims , but in fact the concept has a long NN in JJ NN .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
in the standard french deck , an ace has a single suit symbol ( a heart , diamond , NN , or club ) located in the middle of the card , sometimes large and decorated , especially in the case of the ace of NNP .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the JJ leaves appear to grow in thick NNS and have a rough surface , which explains the specific NN NN .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
along the way they encounter NNS , romantic NNS and JJ plots that all VBP to stop them from completing their duties .	8	14	VBP	threaten	threatens
this company sells NNS , NNS , love seats , NNS and NNS with JJ storage space and replacement NNS .	1	2	VBZ	sells	sell
a third style that combines these two , , is also available .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
all NNS are JJ , they appear almost exclusively in NNS with at least one figure holding a NN of fruit in her lap , and the women are either standing or sitting .	27	28	VBP	are	is
school facilities include a library , a gymnasium , an oval , tennis courts , basketball courts , cricket practice NNS , a NN , and a performing arts block .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NN operation that VBZ the NN for conversion into paper requires a JJ addition of NN , which ends up in the NN of that operation .	2	11	VBZ	requires	require
there is something very noble in his expression when his cap is off .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
many air forces are also responsible for operations of military space , JJ JJ missiles ( NNP ) , and communications equipment .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this ballad contains NNS from both `` lady NNP and the NNP '' ( child 4 ) and `` the fair flower of NNP '' ( child 9 ) .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the news at NNP is a news programme broadcast from the magical world of NNP , in which NN NNS and children 's stories are real .	19	24	VBP	are	is
any one suggesting this article for this use needs to VB verifiability and reliability policy .	4	8	VBZ	needs	need
the NN of a wikipedia article does not mean the label is not notable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
RB produced five tracks while all other producers work on two or less tracks .	7	8	VBP	work	works
his first feature film as a director is 9 which won many awards in various film festivals and was the official turkish entry for the 2003 academy award for best foreign language film .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP , VBG that the situation is more complex than simply a right or wrong decision , sees an alternative .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the station broadcasts JJ on channel 9 and is an affiliate of the NNP television network ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
life is a characteristic that VBZ objects that have VBG and JJ processes from those that do not , the american heritage dictionary of the english language , 4th edition , published by NNP NNP company , via answers .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the NNS have the fifth JJ strength of schedule in the nfl based on its aforementioned opponents ' win to loss ratio from the 2008 season , with its opponents winning 43 .	16	18	VBP	win	wins
this work is considered by many of NNP 's NNS as his verse NN , for its evident NN , the depth of feeling it displays , and the unusual quality of its poetic expression .	21	25	VBZ	displays	display
while no songs from anchor are on either show , fans of their sound have sought out previous releases .	2	5	VBP	are	is
portrayed as an NN and JJ character despite prior NNS in drug dealing and street NNS , he knows that his inclusion within the crew is his chance to make it big .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
the result is nothing we have n't heard already , but that 's not necessarily a bad thing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
colours are blue and white VBD NNS , white shorts .	0	1	VBP	are	is
a mountain bike loop , maintained by the jersey off road NNP association , is especially popular .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
if there is consensus for the ban then it will be implemented by the community as all community NNS are .	18	19	VBP	are	is
outlets for 3 phase power also exist but are not found in homes .	0	6	VBP	exist	exists
the association 's goal is to provide information and assistance to help NNP professionals increase their job performance and overall agency function by providing cost effective products , services and educational opportunities .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
support - VBZ up on my watchlist doing good things .	0	2	VBZ	pops	pop
the VBG position gives a feel of comfort .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
its purpose is also to increase `` geographic knowledge and understanding and to foster national NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP corporation itself is notable for its success .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a young NNP queen kills the existing NNP queen ( immediately if sufficient workers are present , later if these are not yet VBN ) and becomes accepted by the NNP workers .	3	4	VBZ	kills	kill
because its theory VBZ use of the scientific method , it has received various criticisms based on scientific thinking .	2	3	VBZ	predates	predate
no matter who does it , to remove appropriate content , and then reduce to a list is JJ editing , and a reasonable plot section is appropriate content ; and need not be sourced other than to the work itself .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
red lead is a lead NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
government takes control of the NNS .	0	1	VBZ	takes	take
one meaning is `` before '' or `` previously '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in england and wales , a foundation school is a JJ school in which the governing body has greater freedom in the running of the school than in community schools .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
the street is one block long and contains 40 small , JJ NNS , each on a lot about 24 feet wide and 40 feet deep .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all of the mentions that NNP festival has gotten for 2010 and 2011 and all of the mentions that NNP has gotten for 2011 have obviously had to mention what location people need to go to , namely NNP .	31	32	VBP	need	needs
an object with an JJ NN of exactly 90 degrees has a JJ rotation which is neither JJ nor NN .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
for most people , the only property they own is the house they live in ( with or without farm land attached ) .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
it is not clear if the estimate includes NN or not .	6	7	VBZ	includes	include
used RB , extended state variables and guards make up a powerful mechanism that can VB designs .	5	8	VBP	make	makes
first work is the debut ep release by australia rock band NNP NNP released in 2003 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article is redundant ( to NNP ) and is also spelled wrong .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the building is under the jurisdiction of the architect of the capitol .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
notability issues exist and it is up to the editors of the article to assert meeting any notability issues .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
i see the [ citation needed ] template used in every manner of situation even ones that are highly inappropriate where the statements made are entirely JJ and purely factual or JJ in nature .	22	24	VBP	are	is
nations that have free trade agreements with canada are in dark blue , nations in negotiations are in NN .	13	16	VBP	are	is
this term also gets far more google hits .	1	3	VBZ	gets	get
the upper wings of both NNS are JJ green and the under wings are JJ bronze .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the amount of snow received during winter months largely depends on the area of forest falls under consideration , as the community extends over an elevation range of approximately .	1	9	VBZ	depends	depend
the village is rich in resources for cultivation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the work of claude NNP in CD , NNP de la FW de pierre de NNP , is very important for early information , and the author seems to have revised some of NNP 's work under the poet 's own direction .	26	27	VBZ	seems	seem
on september 14 , 2012 , NNP county circuit judge juan NNP decided to VB the law VBG collective NN rights for public employees , ruling that the law VBZ state and federal NNS .	28	29	VBZ	violates	violate
NNP thinks that these NNS belong to the seventh or the eighth century a .	4	5	VBP	belong	belongs
his accent is pleasant and clear , but it is not regional .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and the folks who do the stone NN , as a group , have an excellent reputation for accuracy .	2	13	VBP	have	has
it is probably not a NN that the greek NNS for NNS and NN are so similar .	9	14	VBP	are	is
NNP - altogether arab NNS are more likely to use their name when writing than to write RB or with an obvious pseudonym .	4	5	VBP	are	is
and this focus on edit counts really kills me .	2	7	VBZ	kills	kill
international institutions form a vital part of contemporary international relations .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
however , many patents do not list all ingredients , presumably to protect the NN of the formula .	3	4	VBP	do	does
she is NNP NNP ( dana NNP ) , whose mother , karen NNP ( kay NNP ) , is paul 's current girlfriend .	10	19	VBZ	is	are
ok fine , keep because it is well referenced , has just as much as the sexual orientation article .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
during the wet season from december to april the area is JJ except by air and sea .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it belongs to the NNP of NNP , whose seat is in the JJ municipality .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this is when children receive gifts from st .	3	4	VBP	receive	receives
the college offers degrees in arts , history , political science , psychology , sociology , social science , biology , environmental management , marine science , mathematics , english , humanities , and communication .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
leaves are JJ to JJ and JJ in NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
boats are in operation to take the visitors around the sanctuary for bird watching .	0	1	VBP	are	is
tone numbers are numerical NNS used like letters to mark the NNS of a language .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the album consists mainly of JJ beats , along with RB JJ JJ sounds , and a number of sounds generated by analog NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the JJ texts of the NNP , which includes the NNP , is in older NNP , with short , later additions in younger NNP .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the co solution supports effectively both full acid properties and full local autonomy , as well as meeting the other requirements posed above in the problem statement section , and apparently has been VBN .	2	3	VBZ	supports	support
the other members of his team are matthew stanley , steven kent and andy NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the aim of the whole accusation of user NNP is that user NNP wants to VB editors with different opinions .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
an example of this is in the NNP crossing tunnel near london , where the programme `` virgin CD '' in the JJ band and the bbc 's radio 4 on CD NN long wave are VBN in the tunnel .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
flowers occur at intervals along the upper stem with one or two JJ green or JJ NNS at the base of the NN .	0	1	VBP	occur	occurs
NNP railway station is a railway station on the narrow gauge welsh highland railway in north wales .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a first generation american with deep african roots , moses is JJ about his charity , music in action .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
this plant grows on the NNS of central florida and the transition between NN and florida NN .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
the dancer VBZ a customer by VBG up their appearance and personal characteristics .	1	2	VBZ	qualifies	qualify
NNP , the eponymous NN of the play , meets two women in the NNPS in paris , whose names are NNP and NNP .	19	20	VBP	are	is
google search for the company name brings up , of which 37 are `` unique '' .	1	6	VBZ	brings	bring
this is why usually when someone asks for a logo to be converted to NNP , the only possible solution is to find a logo already in vector format , such as in a pdf document .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
church of which the pope is head .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the model to keep in mind in the understanding of how JJ occurs in a JJ JJ NN is the following .	1	18	VBZ	is	are
another example is the netherlands , where the constitution RB VBZ the courts to rule on the question of NN of primary legislation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the finished NN structure measures 56 feet wide by 56 feet in height .	3	4	VBZ	measures	measure
this JJ council ecclesiastical effort is certainly not JJ to everyone , because it VBZ the consciousness of the people .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP clan is a small NNP clan , related to NNP , NNP ( NNP ) VBZ of the NNP NN in NNP , india .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
works in the right NNS include an NNP NNP 's NNP of the NNP ( CD , third chapel ) , NNP NNP 's NN of madonna with child and st .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the latest version of NNP 2 is RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the game takes place inside a tall , rectangular playing area .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
keep the article is very JJ now and i believe it goes beyond the original event and has sources that are about outside information .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the prize `` aims to VB public debate about design and to raise awareness of its role VBG the quality of daily life , and in its first three years was televised on bbc two .	1	3	VBZ	aims	aim
the mine consists of a full depth corridor .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
many witnesses and independent experts claim that there were , in fact , two groups of NNS , and that the first group was already at the school when the second group arrived by truck .	1	5	VBP	claim	claims
the old NNP NNP road passes through NNP on its way to NNS and later to oslo .	4	5	VBZ	passes	pass
the area is now famous for its NNS and scenic views .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it 's just a matter of VBG a couple of NNS , but it appears that an admin needs to do it .	17	18	VBZ	needs	need
the station broadcasts an adult contemporary format branded as 102 .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
NNP 's first NN , russian NNP NNP ( 1967 ) , remains a definitive study in the field .	3	12	VBZ	remains	remain
the concept of JJ holds that all women are VBN by men .	1	4	VBZ	holds	hold
in both cases , the front or main side of the object is the same .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
all governments in australia also have policies and guidelines that require accessible public websites ; vision australia maintain a complete list of australian web NN policies .	1	5	VBP	have	has
a similar site is NNP in west midlands .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP added that the documents of the second vatican council `` are much too RB and deeply VBD to be VBN .	4	11	VBP	are	is
the biggest problem i am running into is that there is little information about NNP other than from their site that i can reference , since there are not a lot of articles about them on the NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a lot of this appears to be drawing together your own conclusions from various documents and VBG info .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear
uncle NNP doubt this is notable .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
i hope this one is better .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
sounds like you have a NN image than can be replaced by a free one .	0	3	VBP	have	has
depending on terrain type either hard VBD or full suspension mountain NNS are more appropriate .	11	12	VBP	are	is
more RB breeding populations are fully JJ but may only VB short distances while other , more JJ populations are resident and JJ or partially JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
that seems to be the only other info the database record has that you do n't already have .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
from the NNP , the JJ languages spread from c .	6	7	VBP	spread	spreads
originally used for VBG goods and livestock , today boats are available for hire to tourists .	9	10	VBP	are	is
actions are no different to those that administrators do when they get the bit .	7	8	VBP	do	does
a strategy , s , in g is a NNP of g if and only if s is a nash equilibrium of g and s is a NN perfect equilibrium of NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the florida NNP women 's track and field team has its own category .	5	9	VBZ	has	have
the research method determines all service providers , ultimately VBZ the top ranked companies , and VBZ the winner within each industry .	2	3	VBZ	determines	determine
the same arguments apply to the article african nations at the fifa world cup that i created at the same time as this list .	2	3	VBP	apply	applies
the parish grounds are now nearly centered within the boundaries .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the breeding male is mainly black above and white below , with a large white wing patch , white tail sides and a small NN patch .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , players take control of JJ NN combat craft called NNP and pilot them against each other across the lands of a world known as new NNP .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
the thing to do at this point is to RB discuss your differences at the article 's talk page .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the [ [ inner mongolia ] ] RB NN is a local JJ breed with a long history .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
hosted by NNP extra 's earlier host NNP NNP , the show includes conversations with varying guests .	11	12	VBZ	includes	include
no man whose amateur status is a matter of question or whose play has been RB is eligible to this national team , which , in keeping with its honorary nature , i VBP to VB to NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the only person taking this too seriously is the nominator .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this story is not a hoax so i think that it should be kept .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
your analysis is JJ NN , and your VBN `` NNS '' substantially VBP the RB they are VBN from .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article covers a topic that has a strong but not vital role in the history of freedom of speech .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the ultimate number of names that is filled in the parameter is equal to , or greater than , the number of the seats in the district in question CC one , and greatly depends on the length of the subject 's term .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
in the absence of other information about the dimensions or shape of the container , i think you must assume that its centre of gravity is RB above the NN between the wall and the point of contact on the floor .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
JJ bearing walls and NNS are JJ .	2	5	VBP	are	is
this system operates in countries such as germany and belgium .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
also , NNP , that NN of NN is really quite JJ .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
also , the principle of dual notability is central to NN and there is no reason why that should not be applied to lists as well .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
supposedly , the should not appear on stubs for this reason , but JJ editors keep VBG them in anyway , and nobody takes them out .	14	15	VBP	keep	keeps
the barrier of hybrid NN occurs after VBG species overcome JJ NNS ( behavioral , mechanical , etc .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNP 's 100 different shows each week , include JJ programs in 14 languages .	4	8	VBP	include	includes
no NNS and the range is too large to block , unfortunately .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
other dance forms include NN , the NN ( dominican republic ) , and the NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the setting is mostly historical , with some historical characters and descriptions of particular locations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in males , the NN tail extends well beyond the JJ edge of the NN , but in females , the relatively JJR tail barely reaches the edge of the NN .	23	25	VBZ	reaches	reach
the criteria exist but they require people to think and use common sense .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the real difficulty is that people have no idea of what education truly is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
before NNP can touch it , the rock opens up and a creature attacks her face .	7	8	VBZ	opens	open
this category consists of hawaiian words on the english wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP NNS are commonly available as JJ or JJ NN that NN to printed circuit board ( NNP ) NN NNS previously VBN for NN crystal NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
plus , a lot of them came here under NNP names , so this list is very JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the beliefs of fringe groups are a topic of scholarly interest , and thus require sources deemed as reliable by the scholarly community , whether the source itself VBZ from within the fringe community or not .	26	28	VBZ	originates	originate
the intended prospect of JJ mediation is to improve upon the ability and NN of NNS to deal with subsequent differences .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
her pursuit for don continues in its sequel where she joins the NNP .	1	4	VBZ	continues	continue
RB changed the rules , so that the whole travel time is now relevant for the record and not just the cycling days .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the custom involves one person offering a NN to each of several other people in a round .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
the mall has restaurant offering turkish , russian , italian , chinese , mexican and NNP cuisine .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other NNS still exist in the fact that , despite congressional resolution , unofficial religious NN still exists today through JJ legislation and judicial and executive decisions .	1	3	VBP	exist	exists
the city receives about of NN and less than of snow annually .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
other mario sports games include the NNP series mario golf and mario tennis , and , respectively , the baseball and soccer games mario NNP baseball and super mario NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
their NN NNS , like those in humans , produce an NN , RB , JJ NN that gains its characteristic NN upon JJ NN .	2	9	VBP	produce	produces
the name comes from the sanskrit words NNP meaning `` pleasure '' , and NNP ( NNP , NNP ) meaning `` NN '' or `` seat '' .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
great care needs to be taken not to source an editorial for this , and this can actually happen often as a result of web search ( as opposed to directly VBG the website ) .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
some content is speculation , and other content could go into a history section of st NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
based in toronto , ontario , NNP has been performing and recording NNP material since 1994 , when his JJ harsh noise releases `` NNP '' and `` initial shock '' were recorded and released .	21	22	VBZ	releases	release
the NNS feed on NNP RB , but also NNP and other NNS .	1	2	VBP	feed	feeds
this article is truly a collection of NN information , which is what we are not supposed to be doing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
confronted by JJ residents led by big gay al , the riders ultimately accept their new label , and lewis ( who was VBN up during the riot ) is happy to declare the definition officially changed .	11	13	VBP	accept	accepts
speedy delete and salt while the author may have good intentions , the article fails on so many levels .	13	14	VBZ	fails	fail
the only sources for the hp article are our wikipedia article plus this VBG on commons which we PRP have not yet decided to cite .	2	7	VBP	are	is
having lived most of my life in new york and new england , i would say that this particular usage is rare in the northeast ( at least , north of philadelphia and outside of african american communities ) .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
prominent geographic features associated with NNP include richardson bay and pine point .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
however , most JJ abuse takes place when people JJ NNS by themselves or in groups of people who are VBN .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
NNP in contrary to NNP argues that the similarities in the languages are a result of contact with greek and JJ NN due to commercial trade .	8	12	VBP	are	is
the NNP library recognizes NNS of various NNS common in other systems such as NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
this protocol uses a JJ policy .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the gallery represents the estate of NNP NNP and the NNP NNPS and NNP NNP foundation .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
comment - actually , although the site may still be non-notable , a google search for its name gives 27 , 300 hits , to be specific , and the site has an NNP ranking of 73 , CD .	30	31	VBZ	has	have
eleven units are joint venture of kerala government with the central government .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ surfaces have dimension 2 and relative dimension 1 over their base .	1	2	VBP	have	has
penalties VBG from played CD and CD are JJ in the direction of play .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the red color of red wine comes from NNS VBN from the VBN ( crushed ) NNS , over a period of days during the NN process .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come
students participate in sports including volleyball , soccer , baseball , hockey , basketball , chess , JJ and track and field .	0	1	VBP	participate	participates
they have JJ black NNS , and teeth occur in the upper NN .	7	8	VBP	occur	occurs
at the third step , one NN condition has to be checked .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
this sentence has problems with JJ flow .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP railway is an international railway connecting the eastern NNP district of germany to NNP in the netherlands , which was built by the NNP railway company .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if we do choose to move ahead with any action , it may be beneficial for us to VB the dates that these actions occur .	23	24	VBP	occur	occurs
this reservoir and NN plant is still in use today .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS come in varying types , such as aluminum , copper , gold , iron , and uranium , each required for different specialty units and buildings .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
in addition , in NNP 5 , students complete a personal project on a topic of their choice , with teacher supervision .	7	8	VBP	complete	completes
NNP , this thread is really out of hand .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's support to information operations comes in many NNS .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come
yes , more could be written about specific aspects of his poetry , but i take the view that an article on the poet himself should contain a general overview , and the three broad areas already covered in the article are those which dominate du fu criticism .	35	41	VBP	are	is
in this way the work before us seeks to combine a strictly ethical position with that NNP VB for pure knowledge without which no one can VB to the upper world of light .	4	7	VBZ	seeks	seek
primary and lower secondary NNP schools feature primary classes 1 to 7 as well as secondary 1 and 2 .	5	6	VBP	feature	features
leaf NNS are RB or JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the dictionary is a JJ database of concepts with associated terms , definitions and images used to RB describe individuals , organizations , locations , goods , services , processes , rules , and regulations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's point offers prime shore fishing for white NN ( NNP NN ) , JJ NN ( NNP NN ) and VBD bass ( NNP NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
vanity press is a JJ concept .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their debut album 4 story followed , and they concentrated on the japan market , where they signed a recording contract with NNP records .	1	2	VBZ	album	album
the NNS encounter all NNS of threats , including prehistoric monsters , giant snakes and tigers , a tribe of hostile NNS , and the NN of NNP spy captain NNP .	1	2	VBP	encounter	encounters
the school also has strong ties to several countries , with 35 sister schools throughout europe , asia , and latin america .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
secondly , only about 200 edits in article namespace ; his edits count is high mainly because he VBZ others ; no NN powers are needed for that .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
england , but instead multiple reliable sources from netherlands , the republic of ireland and even australia are available , not to mention all parts of the uk .	6	17	VBP	are	is
the association also VBZ to implement meaningful programs so that it could serve management accounting NNS .	1	3	VBZ	strives	strive
the purpose of this page is to highlight that great work that has been done .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
transition is the first album full of mostly original material since 2002 's divine NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the special rounds in the middle part of the game , add an extra element of random to normal NN , as scores can be VBN out , go into NN figures , or VB the person VBG to the top of the score board .	2	11	VBP	add	adds
this diff is one showing correct replacement of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sixty '' NNP NNP center is a louisiana department of public safety and NNP prison for men in unincorporated washington parish , louisiana , near NNP .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
i 'll try to VB ( or at least to explain my point of view on them ) as i do n't think your analysis is JJ ( JJ i do n't have much time , so i 'll go one by one ) .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
evidence supports the theory of evolution , which is why scientists accept it .	10	11	VBP	accept	accepts
hand of NNP is a distinct departure from the albums that preceded it .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
business problems become a JJ point , however , when someone begins killing off the NNS RB .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
since the hull is intact and the sinking occurred suddenly , the wreck contains a NN of objects that are interesting to NNS and historians .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
support my question seems to be a bit tough to answer .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the cable television system comprises around one hundred different channels , ranging from news , sport , variety , game , music , children 's , foreign , movie and documentary channels .	3	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
its type locality is NNP quarry , which is in a JJ terrestrial horizon in the NNP sand formation of new mexico .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his JJ powers have become so developed that he can VB in his mind everything that happens , as though his eyes still function .	21	23	VBP	function	functions
these factors influence the capacity to know `` where to draw the line '' appropriately , and VB one 's own behaviour so that it remains consistent .	1	2	VBP	influence	influences
the city NNP is the capital of the country and has special status equal to the regions .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's research has VBN on understanding how the NN of an NN VBZ its behaviour and characteristics , and how that information may be used to improve quality of life .	9	13	VBZ	specifies	specify
route CD is from route 5 south of san NNP to route 91 in the city of NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
india and the supporting references are virtually all press releases about street NNS .	8	9	VBZ	releases	release
its two NNS are very different in size , are VBN , and bear many long teeth on the inner surface .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the oil produced is a NN , allowing the NNP to produce NN for its own operation , with a large NN .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the village is home to furniture , wood , and NNS industries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a classic association is NNP 's syndrome ( NN of JJ valve NN and VBG from NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the chair of this committee is major general NNP salem l .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his work also includes the civil rights collection `` NNP we forget .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
currently the tool shows the higher , and i agree .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
modern NN poets include charles NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
i do feel very strongly that stubs are the JJ NN of wikipedia .	6	7	VBP	are	is
list of drama films is a JJ listing of films in the drama genre .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the stadium consists of a large NN on one side of the field , with a small section VBG around the end zone , and a separate NN on the opposite side of the field .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
as the red skull 's daughter VBZ to kill rogers , she is then VBN from behind by his returning shield .	5	6	VBZ	prepares	prepare
some keyboards have a JJ card reader .	1	2	VBP	have	has
also , a film does not automatically become notable the minute the cameras start rolling either .	12	13	VBP	start	starts
this song is part of their NN series , `` the NNP that NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
be more specific here , i think the article points out the NNP avenue period as his most productive period as a writer and the pacific northwest NNS of number of completed songs or even the NN sessions as most recordings done .	8	9	VBZ	points	point
but the article has two issues that remain .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
an old english poetic version is found together with NNP ( their NNS appear both in the NNP NNP ) .	12	13	VBP	appear	appears
when said sources recognize it , it is automatically notable .	2	3	VBP	recognize	recognizes
the property is the oldest currently producing NN in new hampshire , NNP , hudson .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's influence encourages larry to look toward things spiritual for his answers rather than in books .	2	3	VBZ	encourages	encourage
NN again makes a long statement telling everybody that i am wrong and that there interpretation of what i have said is wrong .	15	21	VBZ	is	are
his vast experience gives him great knowledge of VBG his NNS to gain tactical advantage .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
bond VBZ the theft of a space shuttle , leading him to hugo NNP , the owner of the shuttle 's manufacturing firm .	0	1	VBZ	investigates	investigate
it establish how good foreign relations are because JJ arrangements are generally JJ and requires negotiations between the countries concerned .	9	10	VBP	are	is
apart from the mosque , called NNP ' NNP ( pronounced NNP locally ) , nearly the whole of the ancient temple has fallen into ruins , but the NNS are still JJ as examples of hindu architecture and sculpture .	29	30	VBP	are	is
lead section is a bit too short ; the first paragraph is mainly about the class , and the second is almost entirely about her career .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the phrase is a reference to new york hardcore punk band sick of it all , who wrote a song with the same name , and marvel 's fictional character the thing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
instead , this discussion has all appearances of being one an ordinary community NN , and obama NN is just a means to cover yourself if your NN of this as a community NN is not acceptable .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NNP VBD upon NNP to VB his NN , which NNP agreed to despite NN that NNP had still not officially announced that he was running ; NNP said , `` if the mayor wants to be a candidate , i think he needs to get into this race .	33	34	VBZ	wants	want
the two modern JJ test NNS in use are the commission NNP NNP VBP NN des NNP à NNP NNP or c .	5	8	VBP	are	is
the museum 's history of publications in the field of archaeology goes back to 1852 .	3	11	VBZ	goes	go
early signs of decline include small or VBN NN , and JJ fall colors on some of a tree 's branches .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
near the time of JJ NNS , one pole faces the sun continuously while the other pole faces away .	8	9	VBZ	faces	face
canadian tv , but the `` aunt '' thing seems different from that .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
reliable sources for sheet music include NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the problem , however , is that when i go into internet explorer , i get tons of script errors everywhere .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the earliest evidence of a european episcopal school is that established in NNP spain at the second council of toledo in CD .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN of the NN VBN against the JJ vocal , like a spirit VBG overhead , can VB NNS , and the power of this song is almost equal to joan 's own .	23	27	VBZ	is	are
the choice of names stems from the existence of two different names for the country in NNP , which are used in different NNS .	1	4	VBZ	stems	stem
the extension consists of a NN for the mud weight in use , compared to `` standard '' mud for the region .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the NNP language itself consists of JJ NN commands .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
this can be VBN with polish , french or german , for example , where all tags rise , or with the celtic languages , where all fall .	16	17	VBP	rise	rises
the village of NNP further north in the JJ area bears the same name and it VBZ the abbey at NNP of more than one hundred years .	1	10	VBZ	bears	bear
normally , corporate NNS fall under this , and would be fine if the image was tagged accordingly and had a fair use rationale .	3	4	VBP	fall	falls
the section continues with cyclone NNP and thomas w .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
this category includes wars , battles , NNS , terrorist attacks and other related items that have occurred in canada 's geographical area .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
alpha particles are nothing more nothing less than NN NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the plot VBZ around the protagonist , michael NNP , and his wife , NNP NNP , who are held hostage in their house by NNS that are members of the provisional irish republican army ( ira ) .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the opening theme is by NNP NNP and the NN single for the song was released on may 24 , 2006 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the beginning of the hurricane season is most closely related to the timing of increases in sea surface temperatures , JJ NN , and other JJ factors .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the remaining section of the freeway stub is now washington state route CD .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
note that this method is also sometimes referred to as the NNP corner NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these songs were probably created during the eighteenth century , though elements of the texts are no doubt far older .	11	15	VBP	are	is
the first type is the NNS , which contains JJ NNS such as NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the railway reaches a height of above sea level at the col de la NNP and it is the highest in the NNP mountains .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
the dimension of a face is the dimension of this hull .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
precious thing '' is a single by american country music artist steve NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
figure 1 shows a JJ representation of the genetic NN of asian NNP NN genes from various NNS of the virus NNP VBZ found in hong kong in 1997 and 2001 were not consistently transmitted RB among birds and did not cause significant disease in these animals .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
the decorative form is similar to VB NNS without the JJ appearance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the seat is currently a safe nationals seat , but was a much more marginal seat when it included the JJ mining towns of broken hill and NNP which have now been transferred to NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that said , you might want to look into seeing if the original owner wants to VB this article until reliable sources can be found showing that NNP passes music notability guidelines .	13	14	VBZ	wants	want
NNP is eaten regularly in hawaii , since many popular dishes are asian in origin .	10	11	VBP	are	is
in practice , no description of a mechanism is ever complete because not all details of the parts and processes of a mechanism are fully known .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ advocates , however , continue to press and hope for the recognition of an opinion privilege .	1	5	VBP	continue	continues
a girls ' night at ashley 's turns into a disaster when j .	3	7	VBZ	turns	turn
church of NNP is a personal attack .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the general council was established in 1953 , but the history of the philippines NNPS of god goes back to the 1920s .	10	17	VBZ	goes	go
this is because analysis of the process data is a key to understand the process and keep it under NN statistical control .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the spotted NN beetle is a serious NN of vegetables and is a very common NN on all sorts of flowers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these sort of JJ discussion are NN , especially when certain editors refuse to VB and then IN others of bad faith when they are merely trying to be RB and reflect common NN .	11	12	VBP	refuse	refuses
NNP 's NNS are of exceptional quality .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the major NN is a reduction in NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the closest thing is either johnston NN , which only military is allowed on the last time i checked , and NNP ( the largest NN in the world ) , part of the island nation of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the monkey brain , NNS in the NNP are active in association with specific learned sequences of movement .	5	9	VBP	are	is
the JJ mansion museum , for instance , is a historic mansion in which the `` exhibit '' is essentially the building itself .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
cell theory is one of the foundations of biology .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for one , NNS are perfectly happy playing the same JJ NNP files that every other NNP player plays .	17	18	VBZ	plays	play
this final output is the overall classification of the data .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
they then must VB out the name of the category , and the host reads the question to them .	13	14	VBZ	reads	read
a language is a dialect with an army and navy '' ) in NNP NNP 25 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the defence arrangements which have been established under the eu institutions are part of the common security and defence policy ( NNP ) , a branch of the common foreign and security policy ( NNP ) .	2	11	VBP	are	is
the altitude varies from CD ( NNP ) to CD ( NNP ) for an average altitude of CD .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
the responsibilities of the local group are to gather people locally for support , education , NN , and access to alternatives .	1	6	VBP	are	is
also , two NNS that do the same thing , which at 5 edits per minute can be done in no more that twenty minutes , are n't necessary .	3	26	VBP	are	is
NNP pond where three streams combine at the NN .	4	5	VBP	combine	combines
the `` sun NNP using active NNP system NNP and image processing '' ( NNP ) telescope is a compact NNP NN on board the NNP mission that will observe the sun in extreme NN ( NNP ) .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
and there are easily JJ NNS of his views , especially from various christian churches ( given that camping says that now all churches are under the rule of NNP and people should leave them ) .	23	24	VBP	are	is
the species ' main color is JJ to pale green .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NN is still in its JJ phase , which means that productive roles such as educator , researcher and maintenance receive more emphasis and this is where NNS would mostly focus their activity .	12	20	VBP	receive	receives
NNS of this size in california are in no way notable .	0	6	VBP	are	is
other NNS include NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the commune has the only NNS in the department and a rectangular mound surrounded by NNS called the NNP NNP NNP , which was once a NNP temple .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
yes , the photo is from a VBN concert where footage was used for a promotional music video for the song performed in the picture , but the picture in question was taken by a disney photography for press on their disney channel media net press site .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the lake is a popular tourist destination .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the formula VBZ that the combination of JJ NN , vision for the future and the possibility of immediate , tactical action must be stronger than the resistance within the organisation in order for meaningful change to occur .	1	2	VBZ	proposes	propose
the process of NN is difficult due to the NN of methods .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
but i would not put myself in this mediation unless all parties feel it is absolutely JJ .	11	12	VBP	feel	feels
consequently , comparative analysis is the primary means by which functional elements are identified .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
given a distributed NNS independence on JJ constraints supports the enforcement of policies whether hosts are members or NNS of the overall policy domain and base their decisions on VBG mechanisms which are not inherent characteristics of the networks layout .	14	15	VBP	are	is
once a NN petition has been filed , the NNP service center sends it to the national NNP center of the state department , which in turn NNS it to the embassy or NNP nearest the foreign NN ( e ) .	11	12	VBZ	sends	send
the wing NNS are black and NN , except for a small patch of fur on the membrane between the legs .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in the boston accent of the car talk guys , the first vowel in both words is also the same , but it is a different vowel from the received pronunciation vowel .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
sunday services only run for the month prior to christmas , and are extended to NNP .	1	3	VBP	run	runs
the rationale is that games often extend in duration beyond what is reasonable for a single session of play .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the space required is the JJ length of the string , but the time to evaluate h ( s ) is just the length of s .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
eastern NNP dialects include NNP which is spoken in NNP , NNP in NNP , NNP in NNP , NNP in NNP NNP and part of NNP and NNP in NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
such curved spaces include JJ geometry as a general example .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP awards , NNP all NN , defence force are also awards .	1	9	VBP	are	is
her list of works includes compositions for solo instruments , chamber music , orchestral music and several pieces for choir .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
JJ temperature variation is a JJ term that relates to the variation in temperature that occurs from the NNS of the day to the cool of nights .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
allegations include NN trading by chen 's NN , buying and selling of shares , and JJ use of government funds .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
in movies , notable weird west stories include the valley of NNP ( 1969 ) which used special effects wizard ray NNP 's talents to pit cowboys against NNS .	6	7	VBP	include	includes
the manuscript has two JJ portraits ( st .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , the question is about digital imaging .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
delete redundant topic , title is far too general , general NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
adelaide NNP `` rarely do such experiences leave one so JJ .	6	7	VBP	leave	leaves
acids and bases are JJ solutions , as part of their NNP definitions .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the civil war , shortly after the battle of bull run , the union forces are in retreat .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the NNS are narrow , JJ and lighter along the JJ margin , with fine dark NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ surface is a striking series of black and white bars .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
text NNS techniques are helpful in VBG NN at the entity , concept , or topic level and in VBG opinion holder and opinion object .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP cell is about 1 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ model is VBN as `` people make stuff ; people use stuff ; and ( for commerce to take place ) people make deals about the stuff '' .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
the appeal of the show is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJS parts of the JJ ring system are the a and b rings , which are separated by the NNP division ( discovered in CD by giovanni NNP NNP ) .	2	8	VBP	are	is
amazon writes the product description ; a search for some of that text returns hits from many other NNS .	7	13	VBZ	returns	return
the ordinary rule is that the ship on the left must VB way ' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this streak still stands as the JJ JJ streak in nhl history .	1	3	VBZ	stands	stand
the only problem with your update is that it once again made the image to small to read for ie users .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
and specific guidelines are only JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
through the use of NNP , digital television NNS display the station 's virtual channel as its former NNP analog channel 5 .	8	9	VBP	display	displays
this incident RB VBZ how powerful is personal NN as a NN of the ability to write RB about someone .	1	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the contrast is between someone who has a direct and close personal connection with the subject , as opposed to someone who does not , but has a personal commitment to the subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both streets lead to the north charleston NNP and charles NNP square ; the latter one is the access road for charleston international airport .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
the NN is specific to the country from which the NN is VBG , but often it is CD or CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( 2007 ) , `` virtual teams require new ways of working across boundaries through systems , processes , technology , and people , which requires effective leadership .	7	8	VBP	require	requires
also , their edits match NNP 's completely .	3	4	VBP	match	matches
the country has an area of and a population of 9 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one other notable building , the NNP tower , dates back to the 12th century , a small keep on the route de jerusalem .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date
and just so you know , these kinds of false accusations have legal consequences .	7	11	VBP	have	has
the quality of water in this region is very poor and has a high NN content .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
however the majority of transfer effects are seen in JJ JJ tasks that are completed during follow-up and immediately after training is over .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
year 4 students go to NNP near the end of the year and year 6 students go to NNP quite promptly after the autumn term begins .	24	25	VBZ	begins	begin
as the notability page says , not all notable subjects are famous or important .	9	10	VBP	are	is
during the day it is warm , the NNS are cool .	8	9	VBP	are	is
as each operator in a cell is responsible for a larger number of assembled parts and operations , the time needed to master the sequence and techniques is considerably longer .	19	27	VBZ	is	are
joke NNS make me ill personally , but i think banning them is unnecessary .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
unlike most indian languages , the NNP language has multiple NNS for certain NNS ( NN , NNP , NNP and NNP ) .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
even in death , she helps her daughters discover the magical kingdom and the importance of family .	7	8	VBP	discover	discovers
other sources such as arthur NNP suggest that the architect was earl de grey , confirmed by charles read .	1	6	VBP	suggest	suggests
all the works had closed by 1880 , but several associated NNS , NNS and NNS still remain visible .	11	17	VBP	remain	remains
his initial scenes VBP him taking his new position at the hospital where an established doctor , kelly watson ( NNP NNP ) , takes a NN to him because he is considered more experienced , despite them being equally qualified .	15	24	VBZ	takes	take
an image of the museum 's foot binding shoes , taken by NNP pass NN daniel NNP , is now a featured picture .	1	18	VBZ	is	are
the specific name means `` western '' in latin .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
NNP 's NN of NN suggests that he could not rely on his nobles to support him in such a disagreement , and may indicate that his hold on the throne was NN .	2	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
this type of player usually exhibits excellent NN , trying to use the NN to cover the entire table .	1	5	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
duck this is the same user as the mt vernon ip .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use for twenty five ( the west wing ) this image is being linked here ; though the picture is subject to copyright i ( NNP ) feel it is covered by the u .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
channel capacity is and the largest NN plant capacity at dos NNP is .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as you can see in the link , the cross product definitely VBZ all of the NNS of a lie NNP with the most JJ being perhaps , NN .	10	12	VBZ	satisfies	satisfy
these changes are in turn affecting human and natural NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
water treatment plants are most affected because the water VBZ bring the JJ JJ larvae directly into the facilities .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP has been editing this encyclopedia for years , and i can not imagine that this accusation of NN has anything to it .	16	19	VBZ	has	have
foundation for economic education is one of the oldest JJ organizations in the united states .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
tagged as empty , which it was n't really as it had been VBN as copyvio , but past experience leads me to the view that pr statements are not regarded as really NNS .	19	20	VBZ	leads	lead
in turkey , NNP channel is on NNP , yet it does not feature any of the original programming , only movies .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a major feature of the village is all saints ' church ( church of england ) [ 1 ] which is one of the oldest standing structures in the village ( perhaps the oldest ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the images are almost certainly violating copyright law .	1	2	VBP	are	is
an JJ NN indicates that the action is performed by someone lower on the person hierarchy on someone higher on the person hierarchy ( e .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
also worth pointing out that other highly regarded albums such as george harrison , cloud nine and NNP receive no discussion at all regarding critical response ; thirty three gets a brief line on this issue , no more .	8	18	VBP	receive	receives
the essence of the discussion is that if random quantity only takes values in q , then its average , being a NN combination , must belong to the NN hull of q .	9	11	VBZ	takes	take
the song `` NNP '' is a blues influenced number and was described by VBG as `` the first bit of poetry i 've ever written '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the wall street journal argued that by creating a secondary market for patents , these activities make the ownership of patents more liquid , thereby creating NNS to VB and patent .	15	16	VBP	make	makes
bc - the three JJ armies remain separated , and their generals at odds with each other , thus giving the romans a chance to deal with them one by one .	5	6	VBP	remain	remains
these opportunities include NN NN , dog training , and wild fruit NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the only remaining village landmark is the JJ shrine of muhammad NN , a low , square , stone structure topped by a formerly VBN dome .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a water taxi ride from NNP principal is another option for VBG NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
generally the climbing style is free climbing ( as opposed to aid climbing ) and the rock is either NN or limestone .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the title is appropriate , even if it VBZ someone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the molecule has one NN the structure reveals the nature of binding .	6	7	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the article VBZ with an analysis of theories of practice , focusing on some key NNS to successful a practice change .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
although all the standard NNS interpret the verses in NNP in NN with the opinion of r .	4	5	VBP	interpret	interprets
the outer NN is nearly straight , somewhat VBD , especially RB , not VB or VB RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his date of death is unknown , the last signed document being from 2 august 1813 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
further complications occur with linda 's involvement as a NNP consultant in a bizarre NN of murders that centre around JJ NN and could be linked back to her practice .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
NNS recorded include the tiger snake , NNP NNP and NNP snake .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
as of 2011 , participating countries send teams of up to six students , plus one team leader , one deputy leader , and observers .	5	6	VBP	send	sends
in many cases , later roads for motor vehicles follow paths used by NN NNS early road construction was both JJ and helped by rail transport during the first half century of european settlement .	5	9	VBP	follow	follows
rapid construction progress is also underway in the southern part of corridor x ( from NNP to the bulgarian border ) , as well as from NNP to the macedonian border .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the shield of the coat of arms shows a NN and a helmet with a baron 's NN and two folded wings .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show
the railroad adds to the old west experience by having actors dressed as NNS stage a NN train robbery during the return trip from the grand canyon to williams .	1	2	VBZ	adds	add
the album 's cover art is a reference to the statue dedicated to the events in NNP NNP during world war ii .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
genes are actually not very important , according to the source they cite .	0	1	VBP	are	is
if the field has a parallel NN , a particle with a finite NNP radius will also experience a force in the direction away from the larger magnetic field .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the protagonist chris is RB VBN away to a parallel world called NNP well while his physical body remains in his home world .	17	18	VBZ	remains	remain
often viewed as a starting point for professional actors , stock NNS are typically young , just out of high school or still in college .	11	12	VBP	are	is
to be exact , this JJ situation creates an JJ temperature profile .	6	7	VBZ	creates	create
famous authors include some of the world 's most studied and praised writers .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
these unusual NNS are essentially JJ versions of NNS and are part of the same JJ african radiation of VBG NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ inventory is and .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
mps must normally declare any NN they receive from outside organisations , and the british council does not appear on a list of bodies whose gifts are JJ from the requirement .	25	26	VBP	are	is
i see ( JJ ) links at the bottom of the page which VBD to sales figures , but neither link takes me to a page with such data .	20	21	VBZ	takes	take
that might count , but any award from youtube for NNP is equivalent to NNP NNP weekly 's special award for helping NNP VBG weekly to promote JJ NN in an attempt to increase the circulation of NNP NNP weekly in my book .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP faith has its religious background in NNP islam , just like christianity has a religious background in judaism .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these categories include organic NNS , JJ NN NNS , and compounds containing JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the titles for the JJ season are NNP NNP ' the brief NNP life of oscar NNP , adapted and directed by NNP NNP and NNP thomas ' down these mean streets adapted and directed by NNP NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
in this day and age of gaming we as NNS expect a little bit more , actually a lot of bit more out of our games .	9	10	VBP	expect	expects
as the theater VBZ an important NN in the community due to its seating capacity , the local and national performing arts community were JJ for its return .	2	3	VBZ	fills	fill
the data structure of NNP described here is NNP , which is the JJS structure .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is a daughter article of the michigan state university and was started because its parent was getting too large .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to this day , the JJ school old boys ' association is a link through which many `` old boys '' continue to keep close ties to the school .	19	21	VBP	continue	continues
traditional french culture places a high priority on the NN of food .	2	3	VBZ	places	place
the summers are JJR than the winters ( the JJS season inside island ) , and the total annual average of the NN days does not reach 800 mm .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP clusters occur with all NNS , even the NNS ( `` top '' ) , apart from the JJ NNS and the marginal NN , which is only VBN in the NN .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
to VB contact between the JJ NN floor and the clean floor in the rest of the house , many private homes and also some public NNS have in front of the NN door that should be used when in the NN and removed right after leaving the NN .	26	27	VBP	have	has
deletion is not a substitute for thinking hard .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the town of silver NNP has a very rich history .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
after the NNS lead jonathan out of the room , caesar turns his head around and addresses susan .	2	3	VBP	lead	leads
the college is the third branch of four st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and it occurs whenever editors engage in NN .	4	5	VBP	engage	engages
the JJ region also includes , as far as possible , territories of member states of the NNP major NNP agreement which fall outside these boundaries .	2	4	VBZ	includes	include
this has become an increasingly significant contemporary issue , as JJ actors such as al NNP , JJ corporations , and JJ organisations play greater international roles , and as governments VBP some traditional functions .	11	23	VBP	play	plays
it takes four years to complete a NNP or NNP degree program , although some colleges also offer a less intensive JJ track to complete the same NN and clinical study .	15	17	VBP	offer	offers
the sky goes black , a harsh wind picks up , lightning NNS , NN NNS in the air , the earth NNS , and a tornado hits the lake .	7	8	VBZ	picks	pick
NNP media produces films the headquarters of NNP media is in NNP , new york ; the company also has representative offices in studio city , california ; paris , france ; and sydney , australia .	17	19	VBZ	has	have
the size of the camp is about .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
keep per pete and NNP as the article contains pretty interesting and JJ info about the history and other stuff about the school .	7	8	VBZ	contains	contain
VBG official wikipedia policy , guidelines , or examples RB is a very good way to explain an opinion .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
this discussion is from the community , and several of us have stated that we like the NNP because it includes features that the NNS do not .	24	25	VBP	do	does
JJ boundary conditions make it possible to use only one coordinate to describe JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
keep for now widely reported news story ; as more facts become available , it may be appropriate to merge - but not yet .	10	11	VBP	become	becomes
the NN is JJ in young NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
instead you can discuss on the talk page of the article or possibly change the statement and reference at the same time if your reference is a reliable source and the existing reference is not .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
part of it is a designated local nature reserve .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
this pine usually occurs RB or in small groups where both RB and JJ NNS overlap in range .	1	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
the review judges that the plot is a JJ and JJ NN of contemporary spy films .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the earliest evidence for literature in NNP dates from the NNP dynasty in the ninth century ce ; this evidence , the advent of the word NN ( a type of JJ performance ) , shows that a form of theatre existed on the island at the time .	19	35	VBZ	shows	show
a wall with a tower and a connecting door , VBZ the castle courtyard into NNS .	1	10	VBZ	divides	divide
students are eligible to earn NNS , masters and doctoral degrees in a variety of theological disciplines .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the family competes directly with the boeing CD , CD , CD and the NNP douglas NNP .	1	2	VBZ	competes	compete
in work measurement , a standard data system is a database of normal time values , usually organized by work elements that can be used to establish time standards for tasks composed of work elements similar to those in the database .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
one type is JJ NNS or `` et NNS '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN formations in the southeastern part of the city are mostly limestone , while those to the north and west consist mostly of NN and NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is
one choice is the NNP gauge , in which we choose .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the drive JJ newsletter is now ready for review .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
because NN lengths are variable but frame lengths are fixed , NN boundaries usually do not VB with frame boundaries .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this movement is the opposite of a chest fly .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
currently , NNP VBZ his blue NNP music company , helping young singers start their careers .	12	13	VBP	start	starts
one twin is english , and the other scottish , although both share british nationality .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
popular destination of local tourism is NNP town where NNP river has got especially impressive canyon including locally famous echo cliff - NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as noted in the table above , the rate of evolution is so high that site NN occurs in direct NN and human NNS .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the film is about marc hall , a gay canadian teenager whose legal fight ( marc hall v .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these ingredients , once VBN , have to be VBN and aged for several months .	1	6	VBP	have	has
the majority has no special claim to the truth .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
things go poorly as training begins , and a frustrated NNP nearly gives up , until the girls ' enthusiasm VBZ her to give the plan another try .	0	1	VBP	go	goes
JJ NN 75 NN NN , NN is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
characters include NNP war criminals , the crew of the marie NNP , a returning american NNP soldier who finds himself in 2012 and the ghost of an english comedy writer who was RB accused of treason .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
however , because of communal need and other JJ factors , most religious authorities in israel permit these uses of electricity .	13	16	VBP	permit	permits
his uncle 's daughter is his would be bride .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his relation to the video is that he commented on the video .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this type of NN is very often used because it is JJ and has a very high NN per unit volume or weight ; typically , these NNS have VBN from about one NN to tens of thousands of NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
no article exists for JJ homosexual .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the cooling scan allows and measures the material as the molecules lose mobility , so it is going from an equilibrium state and gradually moving away from equilibrium as the cooling rate VBZ the NN rate .	10	11	VBP	lose	loses
the bill further NNS that the acts by which it is attempted to VB the bonds are wholly illegal , void , and JJ , and of no effect , because JJ by the constitution of the united states .	6	16	VBP	are	is
objects are usually artistic in nature , or small in scale when compared to structures and buildings .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NNS are mostly by NNS , probably because the NN was often of higher quality than the painting .	1	2	VBP	are	is
an example of why edit summaries are useful .	5	6	VBP	are	is
his shows include `` NNP NNP NNP '' , a popular show which gave a social messages with the help of NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
every book in the NNP papers series contains the word `` me '' in the title , as do many of the chapter titles , which can also be interpreted as photo NNS .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain
as far as i can tell , the polish meaning is similar .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP is the head coach in her 2nd year , the captain is jessica holmes for her 1st year .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
their NN NNS lead them to frequent NN NNS , NN outlets , and places where fish are cleaned .	2	3	VBP	lead	leads
the mann article is in fact about NNP specifically .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are medium VBN rocks composed of rounded or JJ fragments of sand size , that often but not always have a cement VBG them together .	0	1	VBP	are	is
we just thought to PRP , all these companies are really JJ .	8	9	VBP	are	is
in mathematics , `` complete '' is a term that takes on specific meanings in specific situations , and not every situation in which a type of `` completion '' occurs is called a `` completion '' .	25	30	VBZ	occurs	occur
our company has over 1 million customers in our database plus over 5 million visitors a year , it has been in existence for over 10 years and is present in over CD countries .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the primary centre of catholic worship in gibraltar is the cathedral , but there are also six churches and a shrine .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
your site makes the JJ assumption that the JJ sign is relevant .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in the NN , the leader asks everyone to close their eyes and imagine that everyone else is VBG at them for being stupid , and then asks the participants if they get the joke .	5	6	VBZ	asks	ask
a common NN is that richard NNP racing `` owns the rights '' to the no .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main occupation of the people in this region is agriculture .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
both engines meet new euro iv emissions standards .	1	2	VBP	meet	meets
parish students attend holy child catholic school at the holy family catholic church school located at CD NNP st .	1	2	VBP	attend	attends
the beginning of it makes sense , but it goes on so long it kind of starts talking about stuff unrelated to lyrics or the composition of the song .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make
the goal is to become NNS for god to write upon .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the road is partly on the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the principle is that an object made of a harder material will scratch an object made of a JJR material .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ hat of NNP is an NN of the county of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a google news search provides no significant coverage from reliable and independent sources ( no hits at all ) .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
by legal definition a corporation is a person .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the objective of NNP is to enable identified rural poor families to cross the poverty line by providing productive assets and NNS to the target groups .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
his nickname is the count and his walk on music is be on your way by dj NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these JJ NNS cover a pair of deep NNS that connect the NN NN ( NN ) NNS and the mouth .	2	3	VBP	cover	covers
many NNS are JJ with traditional JJ meetings because of the use of christian prayers , the difficulty in finding JJ sponsors , the assumption that a person 's higher power is male , etc .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first stage comprises 5 NNS ( in one leg each ) , played in the 5 last NNPS before september 1 .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
article seems to be about a currently JJ technology ; the article has no significant google hits and is poorly cited as well .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
her former home in NNP is now a museum dedicated to her work .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
i am creating a bright line distinction between editors and admins , when the distinction is a bit NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the only reason i am VBG this to afd is that a speedy was proposed and declined in 2008 , shortly after the article 's creation .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
delete young was a notable jazz musician and many of his original recordings and the tunes he composed are notable .	15	18	VBP	are	is
the result is a structure that has three NNP NNS and no plane of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the retreat continues into the present , hosting retreat groups for men , women , and NNS , as well as a variety of other events .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
right now you are engaged in a content dispute and a dispute over the reliability of a source , which is not what this noticeboard is for .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
if the user wants to upload another and use it on their user page then fair go , but lets not waste effort in VBG and VBG images just do be policy NNS .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the ride starts with a left turn with a small NN out of the station and on to the lift hill .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
limited edition of 500 numbered copies , 300 numbered copies ( number JJ ) , comes in a black wooden box with NNP and NN .	1	15	VBZ	comes	come
the JJ print version includes CD RB arranged articles and the online version is regularly updated to include new NNS and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
NNS and NNS are a form of art which is central to the artistic identity of the region .	0	3	VBP	are	is
RB delete , while VBG the NN to point out that every bloody beatles song has its own article .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
see no reason to delete this even if the website is defunct .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the facility has two general electric VBG water reactor ( NNP ) units , VBN by natural draft cooling towers .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the list presents 60 documents or sets of documents from classical to early modern japan , from the NNP period to the NNP period .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
similarly with developmental NN , there has been considerable interest in the idea that for some children reading problems are downstream consequences of difficulties in rapid NN processing .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the building is not accessible to the public , but can be seen as part of special guided tours on several days each year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the structure is a feature of the NNP river and NNP , louisiana , project , authorized by the flood control act of 18 august 1941 , as modified by the rivers and NNPS act of 24 july 1946 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP placement makes NN hard to VB .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the church goal is to VB and VB the western NNP or the roman catholic church and the eastern NNP or the orthodox church to form a single catholic church .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at the time of production , the player pays the player to his right a union contribution , and must place his newly produced goods in his factory store VBN at between 1 and 4 currency units .	7	8	VBZ	pays	pay
in other hand , it also offers RB routes meaning more popular routes and destinations that most customers tend to choose , which supports NNP in making high increase in its market share .	17	18	VBP	tend	tends
the general effect of the flower cluster is a pure white , but the individual NN is spotted with purple and gold , and some of these spots are arranged in lines along a ridge , so as to lead directly to the honey NNS within .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the route runs through VBN areas with some fields across a gap in clear ridge , VBG to the north into a narrow agricultural valley .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
a rate of about 50 pounds to one dollar has been usual in the early 2000s , but the exchange rate is subject to NNS .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
that said , NNP 's concerns are , in my opinion , valid and JJ ones .	5	6	VBP	are	is
note that in this usage , it is a part of the word , and becomes `` NN '' when preceding a NN .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the farmer has two children , NNP and NNP ( v .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his internet chess club handle is JJ , listed as one of the 30 best ever NN players on the system .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the lion seems to VB the duty of the king of scots to bring justice to his subjects both JJ and powerful .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the NN pattern VBZ on the NN concept to manage a map of named instances as JJ pairs .	2	3	VBZ	expands	expand
NNP NN station is voluntary run NN station located in the village of NNP in the english county of norfolk .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG the danger NNP VBZ to beth , NNP leaves JJ behind and joins her sister .	2	4	VBZ	poses	pose
traditional folk dances of israel include the NNP and NNP dance .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
signals differ both in the manner in which they display aspects and in the manner in which they are mounted with respect to the track .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
its eleven stone arches each have a span of .	3	5	VBP	have	has
NNP NNP 's political interests centre mainly on sustainable development , he is a keen NN , JJ interests include table tennis , and NNP NNP is a competitor in that sport in the newport and district league .	18	19	VBP	include	includes
the road turns back east as it enters san antonio and instantly makes a direct left curve into saint leo .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
inhabitants include live oak , chapman 's oak , JJ oak and a natural hybrid known as NNP 's oak .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
if the NN is projected on a damaged region of the NN , a JJ NN may be perceived instead of the artificial NN , especially if the JJ NN is more prominent than the artificial NN .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
the table size is really a measure of the of the table , and does not include the which are typically around wide .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think the topic is above the bar and this article is a reasonable ( and not VB ) stub .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ abstract sculpture consists of steel JJ forms VBD together and rising from three different points .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
adjacent to the canal is a reservoir , the function of which is to VB its waters .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
the case management team is not for NNS but i would help out there if necessary .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
but the character is so JJ and so JJ i do n't see how it can help .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP dam sits IN its NNP NNS and NNP plateau .	3	4	VBZ	sits	sit
despite the presence of many salt JJ NNS , fresh water springs are common in the area .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the NNS then play NNS behind armstrong 's excellent 2 NNS of solo .	1	3	VBP	play	plays
NNP ( constituency number 21 ) is one of the 3 NNP sabha constituencies located in NNP district .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ card is convenient for NNS in developing countries like brazil , russia , india and china , where international wire NNS and bank checks are time VBG , complicated and JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
on the island ( NNP NNP ) just opposite is the church of s .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the image of the three NNS is not my image ; deserves credit for it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS daily ( 200 million NNS daily in the city NNP alone ) , although the existing treatment plants have capacity to treat only 1 .	18	19	VBP	have	has
humans create complex social structures composed of many NN and competing groups , from families and NN networks to states .	0	1	VBP	create	creates
trains head west to liverpool NNP street and east to one of manchester victoria , manchester airport or NNP bank NNP , with an JJ service to each .	0	1	VBP	head	heads
my crystal ball is in the shop .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP theorem sounds very close , but i think i 'm missing something ( probably because i do n't yet understand any kind of NN other than de NNP , and that only RB ) .	2	3	VBZ	sounds	sound
the `` NN '' portion means that each NN uses two NNS , one on each side of the boat ; this VBZ with JJ rowing in which each NN has one NN and rows on only one side .	29	30	VBZ	has	have
the duty of the government is , come what may , to remain in the country , or it could not longer be regarded as the government '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the only limit on the number of sources or effects is cpu power , can VB hundreds of sound sources and multiple effects on relatively old hardware .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
evidence of that is on the talk page , my talk page , his talk page and so on .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
because the new technique is labour saving on the one hand , NNS for investment goods have been increased on the other , the rate of profit must finally be lower .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the station has a small car park provided free by NNP and a bus stop which is served by the number 19 operated by diamond bus .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when the light hits NNP 's eyes , it 's like you can see whole worlds being born and being destroyed ad NN .	2	3	VBZ	hits	hit
the NN action VBZ a striker into a NN , VBG the main charge of the mine .	2	3	VBZ	pulls	pull
all RB JJ officers are JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
source gets us from a to b , but the article was trying to go all the way from a to c .	0	1	VBZ	gets	get
of interest to both specialists and the educated general public , this recently created collection notably includes NNS of lectures given at the school by guest research NNS .	14	16	VBZ	includes	include
are we to forget about policy just to VB a group of pro tibetan editors who feel that deletion is an attack on the country of tibet and political censorship .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
banking act descriptions VBP the role of the NNP investigation in creating a public demand for the separation of commercial and investment banking .	2	3	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
when the show is a success NNP and j .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his place of birth is uncertain ; it was recorded as being NNP ( NNP ) in NNP NNP 's biography in the records of the three kingdoms , and NNP ( NNP ) in the biography of NNP NNP in the book of later han .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the aircraft features a NN NN , a JJ configuration enclosed NN under a JJ NN , fixed NN landing gear and a single electric engine in NN configuration .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
it also does not use a frame to hold the patient , as a computer VBZ the patient 's position during treatment , using NN .	14	15	VBZ	monitors	monitor
dan NNP believes JJ penalties are on the rise in american law , and are an effective alternative to traditional NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the technique occurs at low temperature and in an JJ environment .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the NNS also vary from year to year , with the sample estimate of the NN crop being 2 .	1	3	VBP	vary	varies
the only thing that connects the speaker and the computer is a NNP audio cable connected to the speaker 's `` input '' jack and the computer 's `` front output '' audio jack .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
girl of the night is a film drama starring anne francis , made in 1960 by joseph NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the only incorporated town in the valley is jackson , sometimes also RB called jackson hole itself .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
if NN a contains sentence `` NN b contains sentence a '' then VB a contains sentence a .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain
the documentation for says `` use NNP when the book has no isbn '' .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
for the first time ever on the office , NNP NNP 's hair is in a different style .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the goal of this work is to construct innovative NNS to simulation engines and to be able to VB performance data as buildings begin to VB more NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the simple ones are really JJ , JJ songs , and the journey songs are like 12 parts '' .	13	14	VBP	are	is
this article is now factual and original .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one such example is the NNP mosque built in the early 20th century .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two other sites that contain small cave paintings are los NNP and el NNP NNP , both to the north of NNP proper .	7	8	VBP	are	is
however , cultural factors , linguistic NNS and differing NNS make it extremely difficult to turn a string of written text into a simple pro or con NN .	3	10	VBP	make	makes
this historic NN and peninsula is now home to birds including NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and many other VBG NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS in such structures require special attention .	0	4	VBP	require	requires
the native range is from southeast asia to japan and eastern russia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
my understanding of the word is how it is actually supposed to be used in writing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ structure of an NNP adds structure to its NN and NN groups .	2	6	VBZ	adds	add
summary style addresses the issue of providing more information to readers .	1	2	VBZ	addresses	address
lily tells her teacher that they have all been ill and that her mother is at the shops in order to purchase medicine .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
section CD of the criminal code includes elements beyond the scope of trafficking as defined in us law , including forced military service .	0	6	VBZ	includes	include
people claim real life NN is bound to occur , then cite a few cases where someone called a boss or wife .	0	1	VBP	claim	claims
the admin gives you advice that responding to each keep nomination with a question is not going to result in a change of result .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
other features of NNP are the beach at NNP NNP and NNP slot .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the other participants are all grown women wearing heavy NN and JJ clothing .	2	3	VBP	are	is
health NNS principally work at facilities where NNS or VBG radiation are used or produced ; such as medical institutions , government laboratories , academic and research institutions , nuclear power plants , regulatory agencies and manufacturing plants .	1	3	VBP	work	works
the goal of this course is to give students some basic knowledge of the brain structures and functions associated with human behavior .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a NNP client uses the properties included in the NNP class to determine the general effects associated with running the test .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
another technique is simply to accept the bad assets as long-term NN ( as opposed to JJ NN NNS ) to be held until their market value NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
three halls stand on top of this terrace , the focus of the palace complex .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands
it is possible to learn classical vocal methods like NN NN and also to be able to belt ; in fact , many musical roles now require it .	24	26	VBP	require	requires
this speech habit is one explanation of the NNP `` impossible NN clusters '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these JJ circuits require very fast NN systems .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
when i wake up i try and remember ( absolutely best thing to do is write them down ) and then i fall RB , have another dream , wake up , and remember .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
and your own JJ accusations that editors who object to blatant NN are extreme jewish NNS does little to improve the health of this encyclopedia , NNP .	6	12	VBP	are	is
very few people know that when they board a cruise ship that they are so poorly protected .	2	3	VBP	know	knows
either way , the marking indicates that a note should receive emphasis .	4	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
JJ committee the JJ committee of the bar council of india reviews applications by persons against summary NN of their complaints against advocates for professional NN , by the state bar councils .	4	11	VBZ	reviews	review
the town is famous for its NNS , to the extent of selling yearly NNS featuring a different NN for each month .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the staff with their extensive experience in legislative NN is one of the office 's greatest assets .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the original xbox version is available via an xbox live arcade disc from microsoft , or from official xbox magazine NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
egypt , waste left in NNS or NNS at the side of the road will not be removed unless residents interact with the waste collectors .	19	20	VBP	interact	interacts
most editions display a cover picture , le grand NN ( 1919 ) by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	display	displays
the problem is that if a subject is really not notable then no amount of verification and good writing can get round that .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the uk government makes the NN that workers on official strike action are being paid strike pay , and so they may not be entitled to state benefits .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
a sheriff 's NN is a NN issued to the NN of property that was sold under court order to pay off a debt .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this highly original sequence leads NNP to believe that the text was originally composed in church NNP , as it is hard to imagine that translation from a foreign language could follow such a JJ slavic pattern .	3	4	VBZ	leads	lead
the album title comes from the fourth crusade and the capturing of constantinople .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
in moderate climate , adults appear from july to october , sometimes even into december .	4	5	VBP	appear	appears
NNP that her mother is dead .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many JJ units receive advantages when fighting in NNS .	2	3	VBP	receive	receives
another issue is the layout ; several of the sections lead off with images or boxes at both sides , VBG the text down to a tiny column .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
macedonian speakers identify as ethnic NNPS ( i personally would not agree with this move either ) .	1	2	VBP	identify	identifies
other popular varieties include NNP NNP , NNP NN , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the group includes members who come from neighbouring chad and NNP and speak only arabic .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP transform gives examples of different varieties ( with trivial JJ NN ) that have JJ derived categories , as in general an JJ variety of dimension greater than 1 is not JJ to its dual .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
if you are selling products internationally , the metric system is very important .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this user ( NNP ) is a self VBG sockpuppet of NNP as i suspected .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a racing version of this engine exists and is used on mini NNS like the NNP NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist
if the people with myspace accounts are somehow actually notable then they can be put in the internet celebrity category .	2	6	VBP	are	is
some cultures consider blood to be a JJ form of food .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
this list is on brooklyn 35 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the darkness ' powers remain JJ within the host until they VBP on the host 's 21st birthday .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
the usual procedure is to treat the signature as an operating system service index .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the show is arguably notable but not the producer .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
week CD aired october 12 , CD show begins with the JJ news that two people will be going home this week .	7	8	VBZ	begins	begin
the hospital VBZ to meet the highest international standards JJ in its treatment of JJ injuries and combines NNS with the latest technology to guide athletes from diagnosis through rehabilitation and on to recovery .	1	2	VBZ	strives	strive
the NN inside the roll is the same as normal NN NN , and the roll is also deep VBD .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
for every monarchy IN the sky becomes less brilliant , because it loses a star .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the difference is that the NNP has an editorial control board , they have researchers and fact NNS , and they VB their names to the public .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most common location is along the slopes of NNP canyon .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
article CD sets the objective of association as promoting the economic and social development of those associated territories as listed in NN 2 .	0	2	VBZ	sets	set
i will point out though that she apparently did play a lead role in nature of the JJ guinea pig at the beverly hills NNP as the play in question has only one female role and stars a young couple if this article is to be trusted .	42	43	VBZ	is	are
but that nonsense aside , anyone can RB look at the page and see that its sources do not at all match the theme of a `` new phase '' of a `` NN war '' in NNP .	16	17	VBP	do	does
one can also say the edit is incorrect , wrong , mistaken , problematic , JJ , JJ , inaccurate , or false .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the video combines the fields of model making , stop motion animation and computer animation .	1	2	VBZ	combines	combine
for example , most people in the united states still have JJ levels of NNP in their bodies even though it was banned in the us in 1972 .	4	10	VBP	have	has
the answers so far seem to indicate that you have n't ever heard NNP without a t .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
when the concert film ends , the extra scene features a JJ documentary film about the previous and next concerts .	3	4	VBZ	ends	end
the age represents the end of the NNP NN and is followed by the NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
as the NNS on romanian wikipedia show , the only `` merit '' of separate articles on the villages is for various editors to VB local NN , giving as much exposure to JJ , unsourced , JJ or simply JJ NNS of JJ importance .	2	6	VBP	show	shows
the individual in this family with the compound NN is the most severely affected , suggesting that the NNP NN may cause a less severe NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
red links does not necessarily mean the template is useless , it indicates what articles need to be created and thus it is useful for that purpose .	14	15	VBP	need	needs
the guidelines provide a rating score for each NN based on the NN of the offense and the NN of a favorable NN outcome .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
apart from NNP NNP , wild sheep , NN , deer ( either NNP red deer or VB deer ) , and domestic animals constitute NNS ' diet in iran .	23	24	VBP	constitute	constitutes
ip blocks can either block logged in users or not , although the default is obviously to not block logged in users .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the day we delete an article on a notable historical figure is the day i quit .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN contains many images from the history world tour and NNP film .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the via NNP highway connects the city with both NNP in the west and NNP in the east .	3	4	VBZ	connects	connect
the game adds a twist by having all players reverse direction when this occurs , with the `` monster '' attempting to pass ( thus `` eating '' ) the remaining players .	1	2	VBZ	adds	add
students from all surrounding villages come to study at NNP high school .	0	5	VBP	come	comes
some other uses for NNP NN and other NNS in various cultures include NNS , NNS , pen tips , and a rough form of paper .	2	12	VBP	include	includes
supreme court decision from 1911 provides the legal basis for JJ settlements .	2	5	VBZ	provides	provide
the city is also headquarters for the st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people from the united states actually seem to not understand a lot of grammar in general .	0	6	VBP	seem	seems
he told billboard magazine that the song is `` one of the strongest songs i 've ever recorded in terms of dealing with life in general .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the employer service supports implementation and management of consumer directed health plans ( NNP ) , high NNP health plans and other consumer oriented benefit designs .	2	3	VBZ	supports	support
shortly thereafter nascar adopted a universal JJ rule for all three of its major series which said that if the NN flag comes out at any time during the JJ run the race will end under NN .	21	22	VBZ	comes	come
p is female pilot and color is red .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
current studies imply that the major effect of NN may be the NN of JJ NN rather than solely increasing blood flow as was once thought .	1	2	VBP	imply	implies
in addition to the mall , the building has a seven floor office tower occupied by the federal government .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
officials suspect him of killing up to 15 people in latin america for not paying their drug NNS .	0	1	VBP	suspect	suspects
an older name for NNP is NNP ; in the 1980s its name changed to NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the first four cards dealt are the bases of the reserve NNS , the top card of each being available only to the foundation immediately above it .	3	5	VBP	are	is
NNP believes that all these NNS point to the NNP ancestry of the NNP .	5	6	VBP	point	points
the opening notes of the melody ( particularly the first four notes ) appear to be based on robert NNP 's the happy farmer returning from work , op .	2	13	VBP	appear	appears
NNP claims that her son is a keen NN , which VBZ clyde as he knows luke has a poor sense of balance and is a JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP marshall , democratic national committee member anthony graves and activist NNP NNP for the historically african-american legislative seat ; the district , spans northeastern denver , colorado .	21	23	VBZ	spans	span
the community , population 2 , 000 , is one of the designated NNS ( NNS ) in the NN NN ( municipality ) of NNP NNP , one of several such NNS in a wide , fertile valley long inhabited by indigenous people .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
most JJ researchers see NN as being the end result of learning a language , not the process itself , and see the term as referring to JJ NN .	2	3	VBP	see	sees
as a `` shirt , tie and NN '' uniform , its uniform could be described as somewhat formal ( as far as victorian public school uniforms go ) , though less so than most private schools in the area .	26	27	VBP	go	goes
when she VBZ consciousness , she tells everyone to get organized and find out who the potential killer is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
RB 1st 1810 NNP some NN NNS check against extant device this is a feed apparatus for one of the machines , designed to reverse itself automatically at the end of a JJ travel .	6	7	VBP	check	checks
the issue here seems current , so deleting at NNP would be JJ .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the current champion is NNP de NNP , jr .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are available as html online , or JJ pdf .	0	1	VBP	are	is
contacts with companies that produce fictional or entertainment content for local tv to introduce NNS or show safe road NNS in characters and programs .	0	16	VBP	show	shows
the `` vincent the NNP '' comic books made as a NN for this picture briefly appear in the JJ pilot for the get smart television series .	7	16	VBP	appear	appears
i read the specific discussion in question , and the issue seems to be not that the fact that said actress was a paid NN for the NN in question , but the weight given to the idea in the article .	10	11	VBZ	seems	seem
fatal NN by carlton smith starts off with the NN of NNP NNP and the subsequent trial , and VBD much deeper into NNP 's early life and NN and the JJ NNS that in NN were largely responsible for NNS obtaining a conviction .	1	5	VBZ	starts	start
NNP NNP explained that this genre implies the combination of different styles in order to express music content in a more interesting way .	5	6	VBZ	implies	imply
but as for the issue , the tag is there to at least attempt to satisfy the requirements of the gfdl that all authors of a page be listed .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
our lady of NNP is a roman catholic church in toronto , canada .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the smallest change that can be measured with the cosmic method is 1 NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
however , although JJ evidence shows an association , two studies did not find b JJ NN VBZ cognitive function , and another that found an association was criticized .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
disruption of the NNP NNP NN at the level of NNP prevents the formation of two NNS ( NN and NN ) that are essential for connecting some small proteins to the cell membrane .	0	11	VBZ	prevents	prevent
NNP algebra of stable NN p NN operations , showing that it is generated by the NNP NN together with the NNP reduced powers , and the NNP relations generate the ideal of relations between these NNS .	28	29	VBP	generate	generates
this article is still better than nothing and besides it is useful outside the context of the game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the legislature is not in session , NNS serve on interim committees and task forces that study issues likely to be faced during the next regular session .	8	9	VBP	serve	serves
articles on theories in wikipedia need to be referenced to reliable sources , e .	0	5	VBP	need	needs
even teachers think that NNP student NN could have been VBN in a better manner had university authorities been politically JJ .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
it is predicted that this NN leads to VB JJ NN .	5	6	VBZ	leads	lead
the counter argument here is essentially the same as the one against NN -- see above .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP is correct that not all discussions are JJ .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the first step involves the NN of the feed to form a copper NN and a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
the two day outdoor festival , set at point NNP park in NNP , alabama , hosts a variety of traditional summer activities .	4	16	VBZ	hosts	host
the nature reserve is accessible via a NN from NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the a and c NNS lie in a plane .	4	5	VBP	lie	lie
comment just trying to find anything of note his wife gets a mention in the times fraser on the 22 jan 1901 at NNP , lake of NNP , catherine mary ( kate ) wife of colonel henry fraser , madras cavalry .	9	10	VBZ	gets	get
the art NNP building of the community centre from the beginning of the 20th century is a work by the architect a .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
the cement supports of the old bridge can still be seen if you look RB at the north and south banks , while crossing the canadian river bridge ( RB , the bridge may return to that location if reports of replacing the canadian river bridge are true ) .	39	46	VBP	are	is
however there are no other references in the speech to thread , NNS , or NN , and the remaining content of the speech matches the usage of NN , NN , or NN to mean NN .	20	24	VBZ	matches	match
in the early 21st century , the zoo has JJ significant capital NNS , constructing the NNP wolf woods , the NNP family play zoo , butterfly NN , VBD group NN NNS , and the largest JJ , JJ , wooden NN in the united states .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the total proven reserves of the NNP gas field are around 2 .	3	9	VBP	are	is
the most important region - the southern area - is suitable for red sweet and JJ wines .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the proposal is only one to further the destruction of the encyclopedia , not protect it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the subject passes the notability criterion , it 's not clear what the basis is .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
no sources are apparent for the law firm , either .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ junction , the riverside freeway continues as NNP .	1	6	VBZ	continues	continue
also NNP says if reliable sources cover the person only in the context of a single event , and if that person otherwise remains , or is likely to remain , a JJ individual , we should generally avoid having an article on them .	5	6	VBP	cover	covers
some NNS say that the uprising , which was in part a reaction to the october elections for the south korean interim legislative assembly , organized by the united states military government , is a better NN of public opinion than the election itself .	5	33	VBZ	is	are
the bears are JJ as JJ creatures ( NNP ) that are VBN as humans .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this article tells the story of the club from its NNS to the european cup winners cup success , the 1902 and 1971 NNP NNS , the nine in a row league championship wins , and the collapse and NN following gross financial NN .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the label has at least three notable acts signed ( edwin NNP , NNP NNP and rebecca lynn howard ) , but i 'm finding no real sources pertaining to the label itself .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
there is increasing NN in the scientific community , and the only reason there is the appearance of consensus is because people who financially benefit from government funding are successful in this and other media in VBG out all VBG information .	12	19	VBZ	is	are
what is more , the form is equally important with the other elements .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
unlike the membrane keyboard , where the user VBZ directly onto the top membrane layer , this form of NN keyboard places a set of JJ rubber keys above this .	17	21	VBZ	places	place
the NNP canal area is also a site of special scientific interest .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the religion VBZ its roots in the area of punjab , whose territories form part of india and pakistan .	12	13	VBP	form	forms
indeed , the art and architecture of ancient rome and greece is very well regarded and remains at the heart of much of our art today .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP peaks are some of the most commonly identified NNS during surface analysis .	3	4	VBP	are	is
today , approximately 55 , 000 people live on the peninsula [ 1 ] and unlike its cousin , the NNP peninsula , this number increases only slightly during peak tourist months .	24	25	VBZ	increases	increase
the action at fort NNP is a reference to the first season finale `` the NNP NNP '' , which is when the alien NN was first seen ; the term `` NNP control '' is also a reference to this episode .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the led is on when the voltage across the load VBZ 1 .	6	10	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
once a town is under the player 's control , locals can be drafted into the player 's army and bigger towns or enemy armies can be taken on .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the original NN tower is currently in use by NNP ( 96 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP robin photographs are the copyright of the mitchell library , glasgow .	3	4	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS have shown that the soil has RB safe characteristics as defined by low or JJ concentrations of 18 heavy metals and NN NNS .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
VBN over a year , NN is the most important factor determining the amount of solar radiation reaching the top of the atmosphere ; the incident solar radiation VBZ RB from the NNP to the poles .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
typically , the major NNS meet in the middle and the minor NNS do not .	4	5	VBP	meet	meets
the wing provides JJ theater battle management forces and mobile command control , and communications radar element at the direction of the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
a young girl named NNP lives in a village VBN by a griffin .	2	5	VBZ	lives	live
art NNS differ from JJ children 's NNS .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
the breed is therefore very low maintenance as there is no need for VBG , VBG , VBG , NN , VBG and VBG of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the seals are also fully JJ to common NN methods such as NNP hydrogen NNP or NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
georgian oil NNP painting calls for NN , JJ and JJ NN NN NNS which have good colour NN and are easy to use .	3	4	VBZ	calls	call
this timeline is about events significant to sweden in a direct way during the war .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
banning is different from blocking ; a block is a technical measure to VB editing by a specific account or ip address , and is a restriction which may be temporary or indefinite .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
other instruments sometimes utilized in rock include NN , NN , violin , flute , french horn , NN , NN , and NNS .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
NN participants meet with team canada india ( january 1996 ) and in thailand ( january 1997 ) .	1	2	VBP	meet	meets
extra base hits are often not listed separately in tables of baseball statistics , but are easily determined by VBG the sum total of a NN 's doubles , NNS , and home runs .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its roman name derives from the local celtic language , and may mean `` fort of the NN '' .	2	3	VBZ	derives	derive
the NN algebra on a finite set is the JJ dual of the universal VBG algebra of the free lie algebra on the set .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
visitors are VBN with holiday musical performances and NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in college , high school and nba basketball , the sixth man is the fans attempting to influence the game by VBG and VBG for their team of choice .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the story begins on a dark night in liverpool in august 1961 .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
both us officer ranks and NNP need to be at the bottom of the article after references .	3	6	VBP	need	needs
the final pitch to the summit also involves a short section of near vertical NN which for NNS should definitely be protected by rope .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve
although they never VBD their former glory , the band 's core of jonathan NNP and dave davies continues until today .	11	18	VBZ	continues	continue
requires labor organizations to maintain and submit to the california fair political practices commission records concerning individual employees ' and organizations ' political contributions ; those records are not subject to public NN .	26	27	VBP	are	is
if a file of the same name exists on both wikipedia and commons , the wikipedia file will be displayed .	2	7	VBZ	exists	exist
thermal breaks are NNS between exterior metal and interior metal , usually made of NN NN ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this episode also VBZ echo 's continuing evolution in her NN NN state .	1	3	VBZ	explores	explore
thus no single NNP circuit is capable of deciding such a language .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
from the NNP coast the boundary follows the NN of NNP and the canal of nova NNP , passes between the islands of NNP and NNP , to VB , north of the islands of NNP and silva , the state frontier on the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	follows	follow
personally , i think administrators and established users should be held to higher standards since they should know the rules , while the introduction of such a NN seems to suggest that they are not even held to the same standard .	23	28	VBZ	seems	seem
the closest town is NNP , which is on the north side of the santa clara about from NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ letter , on the confusion of NNS at NNP , is in the gentleman 's magazine , august CD .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
february 2012 ( utc ) image clearly says `` NNP NNP '' in the NN .	5	7	VBZ	says	say
names of aboriginal groups are as reported in the contemporary press .	0	4	VBP	are	is
persistent infection leads to the activation of JJ immunity .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
furthermore , such a home is JJ in its tendency and effect , in so far as its contents are concerned .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
its faculty members regularly give JJ lectures in the united states and at international conventions .	2	4	VBP	give	gives
the municipal unit of NNP consists of the communities of NNP , NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	5	VBZ	consists	consist
this is because when money comes into existence it is created by loans at interest .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
i suggest that the authors look for other ways to delete offensive content .	4	5	VBP	look	looks
its ecclesiastical territory includes all of 31 counties in eastern oklahoma , including the most JJ county of the group , NNP county .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the oil reservoir at NNP occupies an JJ NN of limestone , essentially a large NN or reef built on the margin of the deep north NNP basin .	2	5	VBZ	occupies	occupy
some people have a notion that once an article has been VBN , it can be deleted without due process at any point in the future .	1	2	VBP	have	has
computer room , with JJ and JJ internet access is available .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this means that the image of the NNP group in the representations is JJ .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's core mission is to provide academic excellence and to help develop strong moral character in a JJ environment for students of all NNS , races and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
SYM - were RB reviewed and a warning to NNP has been mentioned in the closing NNP paragraph ; this review , however , did not amount to a full assessment since JJ NNS need separate NNP requests .	33	34	VBP	need	needs
another sign that NNP is falling into NN is their art .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
uniform at sacred heart is compulsory .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
this definition is long and complex , but it is also precise .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a typical NNP NNP bar contains 12 .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
he VBZ at first but , then , the woman writes something in a NNP ( her JJ NN or JJ , her beast of thought ) and a guard falls down dead , hit by a JJ NN .	9	10	VBZ	writes	write
comment this is a great list .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this reviewer says that it takes away all NN from the story , since the NNS of the main characters are known from the start to any who have read saint NNP NN , and that the magnitude of the NNS of these characters in episode .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
highest NN months are may , june and september with an average monthly NN in excess of 3 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the band extends from above NN 5 on the NN and the NN of the NN wing .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
when such NN molecule VBZ its receptor , the signal is carried into the cell usually by means of a second messenger such as camp .	3	4	VBZ	activates	activate
mental experience involves the aspect of NN and consciousness experienced as combinations of thought , perception , memory , NN , will and imagination , including all unconscious cognitive processes .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
his father asks NNP to marry her but he refuses , revealing that he is in love with another girl .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
notable practitioners of this form are james NNP NNP and the late lawrence NNP who began a revival in england .	1	5	VBP	are	is
however , his plan requires that the NNP be reopened , and shortly after six more NNP NNS enter the galaxy .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
the current bad plan , although technically simple , involves circa 60 , 000 changes ( but fewer edits ) .	3	9	VBZ	involves	involve
a lava NN is also kind of an NN in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several scholars argue that existing legal provisions aimed at VBG human trafficking , such as the u .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
the decisions of the NNPS often affect the rest of the campaign season .	1	6	VBP	affect	affects
while the NN standards adopted by iso and NNP seek to provide formal JJ mechanisms that can be implemented directly , the JJ architecture is focused on concepts and NNS that can be more broadly applied to allow practitioners to better implement JJ solutions .	3	9	VBP	seek	seeks
acceptable use policies are an integral part of the framework of information security policies ; it is often common practice to ask new members of an organization to sign an NNP before they are given access to its information systems .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the `` fin NNS '' tradition appears at roughly the same time in europe as the cult of the virgin mary , and the two have obvious similarities .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
still no order 0 blocks available , so the first order 1 block is split , creating two order 0 blocks .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
no point in VBG that the movement exists .	6	7	VBZ	exists	exist
these models also use a JJ NN to enable individuals to contribute funds to NNS , artists , civic programs and projects .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
however , the apartment has a JJ past .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
many details in these books are historically based , but large portions of the stories depend upon ideas from NNP 's sketch books being developed into functional machines .	11	15	VBP	depend	depends
the trouble is the NN is RB executed and is JJ , so everything seems JJ and hardly JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
work is the seventh full-length album by canadian rock band the NNP hip .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
a vanity page , when NN , is no longer a vanity page .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
who VBP the bell and how willing they were is not really at issue ; the subject seems to continue to be a public figure .	16	17	VBZ	seems	seem
life is precious '' features guest vocals by eddie NNP , who was the band 's previous vocalist .	0	1	VBZ	Is	Are
this JJ association has 1 , CD members as of 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
after they see VBN through the underwater passage ahead , tyler goes back to find the others , but NNP dies defending NNP and alex , while the creatures enter the NN and steal the NNS necessary to VB the passage .	28	29	VBP	enter	enters
JJ research revealed , that these species , as well as species of NNP and NNP , are more closely related to NNP , and do not really belong to NNP .	6	17	VBP	are	is
the NNS are all addressing the NNP , either with their eyes or with the NN of their heads , and are carrying books or NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
trail '' NNS are a development of NNP NNS that are generally used by recreational mountain NNS either at purpose built `` trail centers '' or on natural JJ trails .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the label is now notorious for its les NNP NNP releases , as well as other black metal bands that are known throughout the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
data flow NNS simply show the `` flow '' of data through a computer system .	2	4	VBP	show	shows
the elevation is CD m ( 1 , CD ft ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a 2006 international monetary fund working paper offers a summary of the JJ evidence .	6	7	VBZ	offers	offer
the road generally runs in an JJ direction , starting from the junction of NNP NNP and NNP NNP in the NNP NNP area .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
the mission statement of the war college is `` to VB and VB warriors to win the world for jesus .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the training process usually starts when the small boy is of age JJ and becomes a full grown master at the age of JJ .	2	4	VBZ	starts	start
deleting a section heading only VBZ the heading , but the section remains .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
the tour is certainly worth mentioning in their respective biographical articles , at monarchy of canada , or added as an entry to royal tours of canada .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the camera crew becomes more and more involved in the murders , first as NNS but eventually taking an active part in them .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the constituency covers the areas of the former municipal NN of NNP , hyde and NNP , as well as the former urban districts of NNP and NNP in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the site still produces significant NNS , in the form of gas and NN from NN NN , and is currently undergoing rehabilitation .	1	3	VBZ	produces	produce
conventions to be played must be agreed by partners before play begins and must be VBN to their opponents , either in advance by the use of or by NNS , NNS , and answers to questions about one 's partner 's NNS once NN has begun .	10	11	VBZ	begins	begin
threshold of night is NNP 's third release .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
throughout NNP , the key to time NN has been giving odd signals that seem to indicate that the segment is everywhere .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
i like alex 's suggestion that NNP members report start and stop times to the coordinator .	7	8	VBP	report	reports
NN offers continuing education units ( NNP ) and professional development hours ( NNP ) for conferences , NNS and workshops , and most distance learning programs to help professional engineers meet mandatory continuing professional NN requirements in their states .	30	31	VBP	meet	meets
repeatedly VBG it and arguing about it brings NNS out of the NN -- they love such debates , where they can get lots of feedback to their NN ( remember that the primary motivation of the NN is to be fed ) .	34	38	VBZ	is	are
while this death is unfortunate , it is in no way notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
arizona law requires notice before the city or county VBZ your car .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
delete the sources are not reliable enough and also this article is not important enough .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the article covers a topic that is vital to understanding egypt .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP frequency becomes NNP radio NNP , providing news and results on the races .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
his novels include the NNP , the movement of mountains and x , y .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NN horses are JJ VBN , standing only tall .	1	2	VBP	are	is
therefore NNP argument is not acceptable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
previous leadership experience suggests that the individual has experience in organizing and VBG effectively with large groups of individuals with diverse interests and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the town has a popular teachers training JJ NNP college of education and several second cycle schools .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article may be bad and in JJ need of a rewrite , but the topic of NNP is RB notable .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
a generic term is breach of contract .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
try to do the JJS mathematics without explicitly using division , and you see that the notion is JJ .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
current ref 18 ( global heritage fund ) has the publisher run into the title link .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
the section of alma hill road that runs near the summit is , at approximately , the highest free paved public road in the state outside of the NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ doctor 's office seen in the film is actually a dry NNS which was renamed `` clothes doctor '' following its appearance in the film .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
i have a NN using NNP , but all the files have a html extension .	10	11	VBP	have	has
the length of the shell is 17 mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
RB , the hunters find out , is a NN and still alive , and after they kill NNP , carpenter attacks them for VBG him his revenge .	3	4	VBP	find	finds
his primary instrument is the acoustic guitar .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the shells of species which have VBN , this shell layer is quite often physically worn away or RB VBN in the parts of the shell that are older , thus it may only still be visible in the more recently formed areas of the shell .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
some companies believe the use of NNS is an NN of copyright on their program , as it is a derivative work of the NNS and other art created for the software .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
the irish crosses of the 10th century are similar with their VBG patterns and JJ panels of figures .	2	7	VBP	are	is
this NN , taken from the vice commodore CD NN , VBZ the NNP NNP application published by run magazine in february 1986 .	1	11	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
craig smith wrote for rated reads stating , `` the mystery aspect does not VB , although the resolution of the VBG political NN is somewhat weak .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
as of 2003 , the district has an estimated population of 36 , CD and a density of 57 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
state law permits a town with fewer than 100 residents to open its polls at midnight , and close when all registered citizens have cast their NNS .	1	2	VBZ	permits	permit
the bot would need to be able to pull diffs corresponding to the NNP feed as opposed to the revision text alone , but some NNS already do that .	25	27	VBP	do	does
patrick 's notable achievements include the creation of life and the movement of the entire town of NN west about CD .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
JJ and other users have been working hard to create many , many articles on individual stars that they feel are notable enough to warrant individual articles .	13	20	VBP	are	is
NNP sessions VBP NNS of VBG sessions with the character river NNP while she is held at an alliance `` learning facility '' known only as `` the academy .	1	2	VBP	depict	depicts
digital cameras with optical NNS are readily available .	1	5	VBP	are	is
comments sources look okay , links checked out with the link NN tool .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
the history of hebrew is already well covered in hebrew language .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
her past work in health NN includes studies of JJ behavior and sexual decision making as it VBZ to hiv in youth and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
vessel operators have the most control over fuel usage by the way they use the engine ( s ) NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in my experience ( and i have been watching the list for some time , without ever editing it ) , the page is just a vehicle for JJ pov warring and original research .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the mountain , which lies west of NNP , arkansas , is part of the NNP mountains and lies in the NNP national forest .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
delete perhaps each and every municipality has one .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
members of the borough council are council president david alexander ( 2013 ) , george NNP ( CD ) , edward NNP ( 2013 ) , jennifer NNP ( CD ) , james perry ( CD ) and larry NNP ( 2014 ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is
after his marriage , his wife ( NNP ) sends his brothers out when he goes to chennai .	5	9	VBZ	sends	send
the habitat of this species is forest borders and other open woodland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the story of the `` NNP NNP '' makes NNP the son of NNP , and the properties a guilt offering for the murder of NNP .	1	8	VBZ	makes	make
such heat is due to chemical or physical changes taking place in the specimen .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN ( 1 ) above shall not apply where the supply of the goods or the doing of the service is contrary to law , or where the service done is such that payment is not legally JJ .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
a baby is JJ of making a mistake .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles about NNS who played for fc NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
no , the team competes as great britain and northern ireland , abbreviated to NNP .	3	4	VBZ	competes	compete
the wire has one join , in the arm base , where the thin cartridge NNS are VBN with JJR NN leads .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in addition to the essential role the water plays in VBG NN and generating electricity in the area , the reservoir system provides fishing , hunting and NN opportunities for all NNPS .	7	8	VBZ	plays	play
as NNS have noted , the struggle between the NNP and the NNS has remarkable similarities to homer 's account of the NNP warring with NNS .	6	13	VBZ	has	have
reference to matt NNP is nothing more than JJ opinion and reads as though it were written by someone with a personal and rather petty NN to VB .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the australian standard geographical classification region of victoria 's NNP covers rural city of NNP , rural city of swan hill , the shire of NNP and the shire of NNP .	5	10	VBZ	covers	cover
these features are not present in the japanese version .	1	2	VBP	are	is
fundamental to process JJ technology ( pat ) initiatives are the NNS of NN analysis ( NNP ) and design of experiments ( NNP ) .	8	9	VBP	are	is
articles i have edited remain on my NN which i regularly patrol for vandalism .	0	4	VBP	remain	remains
the NNP ball is a minor trivial element in a work of fiction .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP vote for keeping , as the article completely fails the gng ( sources only prove that it exists and houses war dead ) .	1	9	VBZ	fails	fail
the worst scenario is that this is the worst kind of vandalism , something that VBZ the NN of wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
so called armenian genocide is just a thesis but wikipedia is reflecting it as a real and committed genocide through VBG young minds just because armenian editors want it that way .	26	27	VBP	want	wants
an NN follows , with mother g .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
indeed they recovered in some areas of the uk , but numbers are once again on the decline in other regions of that country , as well as elsewhere .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the organ of NNP comprises both outer and inner hair cells .	1	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
recordings use broadcast equipment and techniques and since 2005 , high definition video .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
this page is a list of notable NNP people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a portion of the film takes place in a village of the NNP people , including an evening festival featuring a NN dance .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take
this power is , however , subject to prior request by the president .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the museum occupies the house which belonged to NNP 's parents , as well as the former house of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
as usual for NNS but not for most birds , the female is larger and JJR than the male .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the leaf NNS are usually red and are up to long .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the game is over when the player has lost all of his or her lives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the east town line is the border of NNP county and the south town line is the border of NNP county .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
famous people from las NNP de san juan include NNP cf player carlos NNP .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
as you already asked for an excuse for your behavior then i solely have to hide it because the above comment is just another personal attack dealing NN nothing else than me and my alleged reactions .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
one thing is the riot , a different one is the circumstances surrounding this death and the investigation that will follow .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this district covers all of nevada except for parts of clark county .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP railway station is on the north shore line of the NNP network .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a good example is when an individual leaves home to go to a potentially dangerous carnival .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two archives of importance include the robert j .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the school claims to provide the `` highest quality education , in a catholic culture of faith , service , and personal responsibility , for students from various backgrounds and with diverse skills '' .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
a minor segment comprises NNS and classified advertising .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
note that although the pipeline VBZ JJ NNS , the limited scope of the NNP comparative analysis means that these will necessarily be incomplete and consequently only NNS are shown on the website .	0	17	VBZ	means	mean
its advantage over continuous NN is that one machine can be used multiple times a day , and that continuous administration of JJ drugs is not necessary .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , no matter how much we disagree , there is always a level of civility that we all must VB to .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
VBN NNS release toxic compounds , including VBN NN , which may VB in internal NNS .	1	2	VBP	release	releases
intense fires cause the immediate release of the seed and seed NN , but after NN fires the seed NN often remains in place , blocking the NN exit and preventing seed release .	1	2	VBP	cause	causes
his net play is JJ , especially on attack .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2005 census by the NNP , the district has CD , CD inhabitants and a population density of CD .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the village is at the junction of routes 66 and CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this feature is present in some other JJ languages , such as swedish , norwegian , NNP , spanish spoken in chile and colombia ( to a lesser extent ) , and ancient greek .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a shark robot then arrives , VBG ronnie and leaving with the NNP .	2	4	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the open pit of NNP close to the commune of NNP ( NNP ) is one of the greatest sources of NN in europe .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the event is also the foremost meet of the australian athletics tour .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a common method for VBG a NN rate is to apply the JJ cash flow method to the project , which is used in net present value models .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
students spend JJ NNS at NNP and JJ NNS at the partner campus to earn the two masters degrees in about two years .	0	1	VBP	spend	spends
good faith NN turns up a lot of sales sites and advertising , but no notability ; NNS search comes up empty .	18	19	VBZ	comes	come
the NNS are classic examples of gothic revival architecture .	1	2	VBP	are	is
associates select one of five areas of NN in which they can further their training .	0	1	VBP	select	selects
but the little toy friends are true !	4	5	VBP	are	is
the organ screen is a memorial to the first world war , and wings were added to it to commemorate the second world war .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the paper then goes on to praise two NNS and a quartet in the second act , a judgment shared by the JJ NNP which , RB , advised the composer to make a further study of the classics .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go
in the NNP region , the men have their own competitive dance .	6	7	VBP	have	has
route CD continues east as east main street for about 500 feet before meeting the northern terminus of route CD .	0	2	VBZ	continues	continue
other forms show `` NNS ' , without a cap and these may be affected by carbon dioxide levels as well .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
different categories of criticism also need to be distinguished , though .	1	5	VBP	need	needs
on the other hand , at NNP , the river is at its JJS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
yet another argument in favor of pulling the trigger immediately as these band vanity nonsense articles appear .	15	16	VBP	appear	appears
the following novels form foster 's founding of the commonwealth trilogy which further expand upon initial contact between the NNP and humanity and the events that united the two species .	2	3	VBP	form	forms
a prince should command respect through his conduct , because a prince that is highly respected by his people is unlikely to face internal struggles .	11	19	VBZ	is	are
however , it is soon made clear that all his grown up children have other plans for the day , and none of them can arrive to honor their father and their mother NNP .	12	13	VBP	have	has
the NNP bridge picture presents him in an unusually JJ state of mind , although one still VBZ that the VBG dark colours of the NNS VBP a JJ NN of mood .	3	4	VBZ	presents	present
these countries see NNS as american NNS and have laws specifically controlling or out VBG them specifically not these other breeds RB .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
types of NNS also differ in the number and pattern of JJ bonds .	0	4	VBP	differ	differs
the solution is simple and i 've repeated it several times already .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one man leaves the city to breed sheep in the countryside , the other finds love with another man .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
in most professional teams the forward pack VBZ at least 800 NNS ( CD NN ) .	6	7	VBZ	weighs	weigh
my only issue here is why you seem so VBN with VBG the documentary and the community publication NNP spirit .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
i think the NNP section is an odd way to start the body .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
strong support this article covers the subject very RB .	1	4	VBZ	covers	cover
both clubs strongly oppose a ground sharing agreement but were interested in a new ground sharing arrangement that would have taken place if ukraine and poland had failed to meet uefa 's expectations for hosting euro 2012 .	1	3	VBP	oppose	opposes
the family then continues their journey down route 66 .	1	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the doctrine of the NNP conception is a teaching of eastern origin but is expressed in the terminology of the western church .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
despite the merits of the material or despite the fact that such material is encyclopedic .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
in some cases they will study with a professor whose major instrument is not the NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
but since this new template has the potential to be widely used , i rather ask before its purpose is questioned in NN .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's limit theorem relates to equilibrium of supply and demand in a free market .	3	4	VBZ	relates	relate
upon completing the quest , the player learns that NNP had actually lost her life in the past and is now living with the aid of a JJ spirit from the NNP .	6	7	VBZ	learns	learn
the original form , whatever its other merits , has a simple poetic NN which your amended version does not .	2	9	VBZ	has	have
i see no reason to VB that this 2 week old article is necessarily unlikely to ever grow beyond a stub .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
other JJ languages with a significant number of speakers include the NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP languages , as well as the NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNS .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
additionally , the company makes JJ NNS for special orders .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
VBG death , NNP goes to the NNP of NNP to VB the younger NNP , VBG with his death in blood NNP .	1	4	VBZ	goes	go
the recent dvd release of the first season of the series includes a JJ NN sketch martin had made of his very first JJ design for the pilot episode .	3	11	VBZ	includes	include
their language is the NNP language small NNP NNP ; large NNP NNP is another , of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
question is to keep or delete this article .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
delete as all entries are obvious ( e .	3	4	VBP	are	is
he also mentions how he believes everyone who goes to college lives the same JJ life and that all doctors and lawyers are corrupt .	19	22	VBP	are	is
every culture has its version of such a tension , yet modern western society has all but forgotten the concept of NN .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the buddhist concept of NN differs from others in that there is no eternal `` soul '' , `` spirit '' or `` self '' but only a `` stream of consciousness '' that links life with life .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the goal is to VB links to the `` russian language '' article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
complete deletion is not appropriate anyway in light of inclusion in the list of VBN americans which would mean that if article is not kept name should be a redirect to the list , created today .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
victoria cross topic is about four different awards with the same name .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the leader receives promises from a NN of members , as defined with respect to the view in which it is running the protocol , it sends a commit request .	2	3	VBZ	receives	receive
NNS also come in different types .	0	2	VBP	come	comes
developed by NNP and located on the grounds of the NNP , the park notably includes richard NNP POS ' .	13	15	VBZ	includes	include
the terminal exterior extends to over four stories and has a distinguished NN NN with JJ NN .	1	3	VBZ	extends	extend
keep even though the article has a npov , it content is quite relevant .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
that sort of thing is usually a JJ POS indication of what the actual answer is .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the paper VBZ its JJ anniversary with an exhibition of famous front covers and a JJ NN edition .	1	2	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
NNP island , that JJ chorus enjoys themselves at the NN ( `` i ai n't got no NN '' ) .	5	6	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
us CD ends in jackson , and the other three highways continue their NN through grand NNP national park up to NNP .	10	11	VBP	continue	continues
both NNS have a mean time between failure rate of 200 hours .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the main population centres are NNP , NNP falls , lindsay , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
that does n't mean that they ca n't be used ; the inventor is obviously an expert on his invention .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this is a statement of principle only and no suggestion is made as to which entities are responsible for VBG it or how .	15	16	VBP	are	is
these events are often creative in expression , such as NNP out against violence !	1	2	VBP	are	is
at the memorial service , friends helen hayes , ruth gordon and JJ NNP , VBD the NNS with humorous NNS and NNP NNP played songs from NNP ' NNS , including `` diamonds are a girl 's best friend '' .	33	34	VBP	are	is
thomas 's book on this subject NNP the unlikely death of heinrich NNP - sets out the alleged NN in great detail .	2	14	VBZ	sets	set
his strength and sense of justice VBZ him the loyalty of his gang and the local community .	1	6	VBZ	earns	earn
the most common cause of NN NN is JJ and inappropriate NN muscle NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
after their first NNS , the student groups then work together to edit their chosen wikipedia pages , in order to make improvements to the scholarly quality of the entry .	7	9	VBP	work	works
three types of JJ NN are JJ NN , with the arms VBN over the chest ; NN NN , with the arms extended at the sides ; and NN , in which the head and back are VBN RB .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the clock is one of the group of famous 14th to 16th century astronomical NNS to be found in the west of england .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the title song has a notably JJ feel about it released in 1972 , saint NNP 's NNP revealed morrison 's break from the more accessible style of his previous three albums and moving back towards the more NN , JJ , and JJ aspects of NNP weeks .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
i believe the key section right now is too large with a lot of NN to be the first section .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
secondary maintenance functions are similar to other utility applications such as NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNS are not RB is no doubt that NNS are a good piece of evidence and they can be used against its maker .	0	1	VBP	are	is
no corresponding individual appears in the NNS of the roman republic , or in the dictionary of greek and roman biography and mythology .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
this being said a home loan online form is a great tool to begin the approval process of your loan and many times can result in faster NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the vatican library has a manuscript life of NNP iii di NNP , duke of NNP , RB illustrated by NNP .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
beyond this , the article has no notable sources .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
researchers have shown that NNP expression is 5 to 8 RB higher in JJ NNS than normal NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
william NNP hamilton identified this space in 1853 in the differential geometry of complex NNS some JJ spaces arise as JJ NNS .	17	18	VBP	arise	arises
return to the NNP city is an ep by testament , released in 1993 .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
subsequent mode lines in the JJ region are not affected .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the 1984 scientific american article on core war nevertheless cites the game darwin , played by victor a .	4	9	VBZ	cites	cite
the NN , the boot , the front wings and the door opening NNS are all made of carbon NN .	8	14	VBP	are	is
NNP city as the city services , industry , trade and settlement has a population of CD , CD people and the majority of NNP and many people known as the city of NNP .	1	12	VBZ	has	have
NNP current NN for ward 1 is charles NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
at first , the relationship is JJ but soon the mood changes because NNP is VBN with himself and his life .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
some NNS , such as NNP NN , also possess a high level of JJ resistance .	1	9	VBP	possess	possesses
both answers maintain that space and time exist independently of the subject 's awareness .	1	2	VBP	maintain	maintains
studies begin with a foundation year at the costa rica center in NNP city , costa rica .	0	1	VBP	begin	begins
major land uses include NN comprising 31 .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
like many JJ NNS , the player can VB points , with an extra life granted when the player has enough points .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
wikiproject toronto ] ] where wikipedia users get to VB with questions like this .	6	7	VBP	get	gets
the other accounts appear abandoned and i think are too old for NNP , but i will look into VBG that site .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
the local NN , who makes occasional appearances , is NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
he then VBZ to the car and the two men escape .	9	10	VBP	escape	escapes
additional comment as for an additional reason why these NNS are useful , it is because they are useful for visual organization .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this field lists the sources in which the being or JJ element makes a significant appearance or otherwise receives important mention .	11	12	VBZ	makes	make
the borough forms part of the thames gateway NN area , a corridor of opportunity that has been identified by central government as the area with greatest development and commercial potential in the country .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
the san NNP hurricane remains the JJS tropical cyclone in the history of puerto rico .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the process is the same , except that in the former a line is VBN on the display device and in the latter a line is removed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his paintings VBP unfortunate NNS in the lives of JJ people living in copenhagen during difficult times .	1	2	VBP	depict	depicts
new home development is underway at countryside crossing and NNP drive .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the teaching of standard undergraduate course the university offers a number of course for part time adult NNS who wish to gain a masters degree and for overseas students .	10	11	VBZ	offers	offer
if it turns out that both bands are notable and merit articles , then your title would have to be distinct , perhaps CD ( australian band ) ' .	6	7	VBP	are	is
critics also argue that what is termed `` reverse discrimination '' against majority groups is , in fact , not discrimination against that group but rather positive discrimination assisting another group .	0	2	VBP	argue	argues
both accounts agree that NNP then stated that they would both have to live with this , to which NNP replied , `` you certainly will .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
NNP 's largest impact is in the development of the NNP concept , which is a JJ NN equivalent to normal cab services accomplished with JJ NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this reference is due to the marine corps having the nickname of devil dog and camp NNP being a marine corps base .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP lies on NNP NNP , a cultivated plain in the valley of the river NNP which is RB populated in its southern part , while the northern part consists of farms .	29	30	VBZ	consists	consist
the world needs facilities that are more energy efficient and that promote conservation and NN of natural and economic resources .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
people usually have a good survival rate at the low grade volume of cancer .	0	2	VBP	have	has
comment - there is a wide range of secondary literature on the lord of the rings , and it would be possible to create a JJ article on this subject .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , the concern is that if NN begins to influence educational practice too heavily , there may be a NN of JJ variables , and solutions to educational problems may become primarily biological rather than JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
my NN is that , in this period , relationships between the two national organizations ( NNP and NNP ) were extremely bad .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the northern motorway , part of state highway 1 , passes just inland of NNP and extends through the twin johnston hill tunnels to near NNP .	2	10	VBZ	passes	pass
NNP railway station serves the village NNP in the NNP NNP district in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
the song describes an armoured car robbery .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
the school operates from JJ to 10th grade level .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
as of 2012 the tower is in bad condition and in need of repairs .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the movie closely follows a tv and manga series NNP NNP written and illustrated by NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
my view carries no more weight than NNS , except that mine is supported by the title page of the book itself .	1	2	VBZ	carries	carry
as the film ends , NNP notices his own hands VBG , IN NNP asks to examine them .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
each division contains 20 teams , with 3 teams moving up and 3 teams moving down divisions every season .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this process is also energy dependent as it VBZ one NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category includes articles on people killed by firearms in afghanistan .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
another source says he was no relative of NNP , and the two were never friendly .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the album contains a complete concert , recorded on may 26 , 1976 at the NNP in west hollywood california , during the NNP NNP tour .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the heat transfer characteristics are also different .	3	4	VBP	are	is
each pistol has an individual key .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
model 6 VBZ a directly elected executive president , which would not retain the existing parliamentary system .	0	2	VBZ	proposes	propose
the primary NN transported by the division is cement .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
i think a timeline of sa history is interesting and useful .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
these groups are from town groups , companies , and graduates of schools and other groups .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as engineering firms are usually small NNS , they can not afford JJ management , therefore giving rise to the need for engineering management NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
and the two last paragraphs there are NNS .	4	6	VBP	are	is
all afd participants have a right to voice their opinion and have it matter and not be VBN merely because one individual or faction suspects they are NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the team in possession has a `` set of six '' tackles before having to hand over possession .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
auto violation ; this article is NNP 's only contribution to wikipedia .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NN of forgotten is the fourth official album released by italian NNS death metal band dark NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
and the images look fine to me .	2	3	VBP	look	looks
brighton 's JJ community is an asset to the school .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the expressions for the present value of such payments are NNS of JJ series .	1	9	VBP	are	is
classical mechanics can not explain the third law , because in classical mechanics the specific heat is independent of the temperature .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the NNP competition season begins june 21 and includes 15 events across illinois , wisconsin , and the finals performance in NNP city , michigan , for the NNP band classic during NNP city 's annual nation cherry NNP .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
the feature takes its name from the NNP rocks .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
secure attachment styles are crucial to help JJ relationships and for the future survival of the child .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a simple example of a living document is an article in wikipedia , an online encyclopedia that permits anyone to freely edit its articles , in contrast to `` dead '' or `` static '' documents , such as an article in a single edition of the NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the trouble is , i ca n't seem to find any for sale having VBN most box stores and special kitchen stores around the city .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the myspace web site reveals almost nothing about the band except that they have one concert scheduled in their hometown next month .	3	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal
political NNS in ukraine are as common as anywhere in the world , while the country 's top legislation body , the became notorious around the world for its NNS VBG any session hall NN with a power of NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
after the break , the NNP NN is extremely nervous about burning down the gamma NNP 's house , later confirmed by the fire brigade .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
opportunities exist to expand this program into other skill NN areas in health such as dental health and NN .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
the house is one of the best known examples of de NNP and arguably the only true de NNP building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS of NNP from third party websites are out of our control .	0	7	VBP	are	is
a typical `` harold performance '' consists of 2 or 3 groups doing a harold ; newer teams usually open the night and more veteran teams give the final performance ( s ) .	4	6	VBZ	consists	consist
each scene has an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNS appear to be bad because the JJ elements are identical , e .	9	10	VBP	are	is
both users seem to not have any knowledge of wikipedia guidelines .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
objects such as NNS and NNS appear for the first time .	0	6	VBP	appear	appears
the phi mo sits down within this NN , often along with other people present at the ritual .	13	14	VBP	present	presents
the official title of the club is the NNP rugby league football club .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
harry potter NNP fan site , and reviewed and approved by NNP , therefore it is notable , JJ , verifiable , and therefore JJ .	4	15	VBZ	is	are
a specific aspect of global information systems is the case ( domain ) of global software development .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the village forms part of the municipality of NN .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
the games are often , or .	1	2	VBP	are	is
gun NNS and oil pipes are examples of NNS that benefit .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the JJ NNS are a pair of NNS located beneath the lower NN , superior to the JJ muscles .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the purpose of NN is to tell a story or VB an event or series of events .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this effect describes the preference for shorter NNS to VB off of NN particles .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
it is worth to be mentioned that , unlike JJ models , the rat in NN model represents an JJ , JJ JJ NN , rather than a JJ depression .	13	17	VBZ	represents	represent
every affiliate follows a JJ policy of family selection .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
NN NNS are commonly organic instead of water based due to their JJ nature and ability to effectively VB materials at temperatures under the JJ point of water .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when used with a special stroke , the blade actually produces lift as it moves through the water , enabling the NN to produce more forward motion than with any other kind of NN .	8	10	VBZ	produces	produce
in some species , males from two to four years old have a distinctive NN NN .	4	11	VBP	have	has
as for the JJ template -- apart from the issue being rather JJ here -- well , red links are not evil .	18	19	VBP	are	is
electronic versions of book reviews from the current issue and back issues are available on the canadian literature website .	11	12	VBP	are	is
legendary versions show this holy man , in old french NNP on little mountainous paths between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
section 1 allows amendment by proposal of the legislature , and NN by popular vote .	0	2	VBZ	allows	allow
after a short trek through florence via central avenue , NNP street and florence avenue , the highway turns south and passes by commonwealth then turns east and passes through the community of spread eagle .	17	18	VBZ	turns	turn
current debate addresses each of these .	1	2	VBZ	addresses	address
i would therefore say that that book mentioned above is a reliable source and could justify notability for the college if it deals with it some detail .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the town VBZ almost overnight ; citizens , aware of their special status , begin giving JJ VBG answers instead of the JJ ones they gave in the past .	1	2	VBZ	transforms	transform
financial data feeds are price services provided by financial data NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
most of these articles are n't even of any real interest to me , but it is VBG to see perfectly acceptable articles become VBN into pieces .	22	23	VBP	become	becomes
the council members serve four year terms and can hold office for three terms .	2	3	VBP	serve	serves
many NNS interpret it RB as explaining the JJ difference in this world and POS ' when the christ has been acknowledged as having returned .	1	2	VBP	interpret	interprets
the NNP river flows through NNP and NNP in NNP prefecture .	2	3	VBZ	flows	flow
this template is unused and abandoned .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP and pearl 's edition involves a NN , and sometimes a kiss , resulting in a more romantic suggestion .	4	5	VBZ	involves	involve
for example , the public living downstream from a dam needs JJ information on the NN , and the same information is a critical input to the control system for the NNS .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
this story has just recently made national news and should be kept on the basis of him shooting a state NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this suggests the possibility that the JJ NNS are merely NNS , for example , being a VBG response to trauma .	7	8	VBP	are	is
many people use the hills for walking , cycling and horse riding .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
radical groups , such as the nation of islam and taliban , are listed but mainstream muslim organizations , such as NNP or NNP , are not .	17	25	VBP	are	is
both men and women believe that a sexual person is someone who is sexual , but who can also display romantic , JJ , JJ , and VBG qualities in order to establish intimate relationships .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
my JJ guess is that the large physical size of the us may have something to do with the wealth of the us - lots of land per person , hence lots of natural resources ( ie wealth ) per person .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the leading criterion is that a NN is ill only if he or she suffers from the condition , not simply because of the condition itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it has a large head , and the profile tends to be VBN .	8	9	VBZ	tends	tend
most local residents belong to the NNP ethnic group .	2	3	VBP	belong	belongs
this article contains an JJ list of notable roads within NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
mac ) , while his counterpart is the sony NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the island is part of the traditional lands of the NNP people of the NNP peninsula who VBD there regularly to fish , hunt and gather food .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two names , four names , and the name buddy have nothing whatsoever to do with this .	1	10	VBP	have	has
however , the issue of NN is , by design of the technique , not valid for real-time NNP studies anymore .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the national youth leadership training ( NNP ) program has its origins in leadership development programs developed by the boy scouts of america in the 1960s .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
some sources use the term to mean racing bicycle .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the girls are then welcomed into the house and learn where the NN of where their already assigned beds are .	18	19	VBP	are	is
her face is traditionally a NN VBN and JJ mask , with a long , VBG tongue .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's appearance is JJ today because he had numerous statues or NNS , depicting him with JJ , JJ NN , placed in temples throughout NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
support this vote goes against my personal standards but i think he would make a good admin .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
among human beings , the sense of sight is usually in charge of VBG other members of the same species , with maybe the JJ help of NN .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
especially the second half of the film has many NNS and downs , murder mystery , court room scenes , good acting and family drama .	3	7	VBZ	has	have
the editions of the NNP , CD , CD , and 1902 ; NNP , CD and 1902 ; ritual , CD ; both NNP , both NNS , the NNP , and NNS are in the british museum .	1	34	VBP	are	is
the annual production of premier NNP wine , as a five year average is 4 , CD NNS of white wine and 85 NNS of red wine .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
he VBZ at NNP and can not help but VB RB ; the shock causes her to VB .	13	14	VBZ	causes	cause
the company , which is part of the JJ NNP group , is the oldest manufacturer of NN in the world .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
sources look good , though i did n't evaluate the JJ ones for reliability .	0	1	VBP	look	looks
it is a JJ NN of the old main city area , and short distances between the new areas and their respective main cities are JJ for the new areas ' development .	14	24	VBP	are	is
the seventh doctor 's question mark handle umbrella makes its first appearance in this story .	5	8	VBZ	makes	make
the NNP system has two routes with a combined route length of .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the guard NNS are one to two inches long , with the longer hair mainly in a NN around the neck and on the NNS of the NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the article finds the aged cheese of NNP , sold at NNP 's , to be at the top of the taste scale and makes similar NNS for the NN , NN NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	finds	find
a section i would like to be reviewed is the media section .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
his marriage is in NN and his career is on the line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
creation develops interest of the market in latest products designed with latest technology and production technique and enabled with better features .	0	1	VBZ	develops	develop
RB , all the figures are slightly larger in the london painting than in the NNP painting .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the film was released on JJ dvd and a JJ special edition dvd and NNP disc on december 15 , 2009 , by universal studios home entertainment in the united states the german version is 50 seconds longer than the american version .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
examples of other medical research areas are JJ NN , JJ NN , and NN and hiv .	0	6	VBP	are	is
JJ potential energy is yet another .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
too many editors enjoy adding negative information about people as a specific goal .	2	3	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
the article is also very JJ , particularly the ability to sort the table in meaningful ways .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN jack is a powerful NN fish which predominantly takes other small NNS as prey at all stages of its life , with various NNS generally being of secondary importance to its diet .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS , the symphony performs at the NNP NNP park NNP celebration of naturally inspired art in early october .	3	4	VBZ	performs	perform
not used , no source though looks like a modified NN or NN material .	4	6	VBZ	looks	look
their appearance is similar to a JJ monkey with a mouth full of sharp teeth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , your question only VBZ `` work for '' .	3	5	VBZ	specifies	specify
the NNS hold the NN in place and prevent the forces created by the NN and transmitted to the NN by the connecting NNS from VBG the NN , instead forcing the NN to convert the VBG movement into rotation .	1	2	VBP	hold	holds
keep the list is an index to our numerous articles about major dc NNS such as crisis on infinite NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the second title is a complete sentence in familiar , informal words , but the JJ form is very poetic .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the protagonist of the series , NNP competes in the hunger games in each of the first two novels and constantly battles between her feelings for both NNP and NNP .	1	7	VBZ	competes	compete
circles are also responsible for their own development and for each member 's development .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the companies NNS and NNS trading operations and venture capital operations are also under the churchill investments group brand , the NN , insurance , and real estate development divisions are managed under a different brand .	2	11	VBP	are	is
if a painting failure occurs , the whole thing would need to be VBN resulting in a loss of effort .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
the movie begins with two men in a bar , one of them talking about a thesis statement for an upcoming paper .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
this branch of economic analysis starts from the argument that income is a bad NN for happiness .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
it follows that a RB elected government of the people is an essential component of socialism ( publicity section , NNP , NNP NN NNP , 1967 ) .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
orchestral works include NNP NNP , commissioned by the NNP NNP , a concerto NNP and the symphony no .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
uncle g think it psychology experiment so user VBP that red link is vandal or NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
when editors VBP on information which can be very easily VBN and can be very easily used to VB a subject .	1	2	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
the village is located at the JJS part of a NN , so the name has a very JJ meaning .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
track 12 includes a hidden track .	0	2	VBZ	includes	include
the location is also a JJ high wind velocity zone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the second reference is a polish paper i do n't have access to .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the historic district comprises the village buildings , dating from the 1880s to the 1930s , along with their NNS ( a varied collection of NNS , NNS , chicken NNS , NNS , and a milk house .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
however , it was revealed in the next title , NNP 6 , that this new figure is actually the original 's younger brother who seeks revenge on NNP for killing his brother .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
another issue with laboratory tissue tests is that the results are often difficult to interpret .	9	10	VBP	are	is
NNP NN NNS are JJ brown in deposit , VB in shape , and ( 9 ) 9 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
you go through any one of the categories NNP , the problem is massive .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
his english voice actor is philip NNP !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a passive state is a state when the NN has identified the successor ( s ) for the destination .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the nearest international flights are from amsterdam airport NNP approximately away .	3	4	VBP	are	is
his nickname in dutch is POS ' - which VBZ as JJ one ' in english .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
i also think the stronger argument is that our blp problems demand a viable way for people with little time to have their issues addressed .	10	11	VBP	demand	demands
the NNP education system provides up to three years of JJ kindergarten and in NNP there are 21 children in kindergarten .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
many very human characters , such as NNP , susan NNP NNP , NNP NNP , jeremy NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP have permanently or RB assumed the roles of gods , or at least of JJ NNS .	3	24	VBP	have	has
the brazil women 's national water polo team represents brazil in international women 's water polo competitions and friendly matches .	7	8	VBZ	represents	represent
the bone exhibits a large round pit , evidence of NN due to a lack of blood supply to the region .	1	2	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
the recognition threshold is the concentration at which you can identify an NN ( air , water and fat ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of the game is to give the player an idea of how a fully completed game operates .	17	18	VBZ	operates	operate
in graphic representation , an artist uses JJ , artistic , scientific , or technical skills to represent the phenomenon of the visual perception of perspective .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
i can not find any verification that this show even exists , or that it is planned for the future .	8	10	VBZ	exists	exist
the company is unique in offering independent fuel price risk management i .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
despite decades of attempts by opponents and authorities to VB it from scenes of competition , NN state fans still celebrate NNP victories RB and RB with the distinctive sound of VBG NNS .	18	20	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
this JJ audio channel allows individuals at the television station to send messages to people located away from the station , and is frequently employed during NN NNS as the NN channel to reporters and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
the scene was innovative as it abandoned the byzantine tradition of JJ , JJ figures ; the background is a mix of newer and old elements , the latter including the very generic mountains and the lack of NNS in the landscape elements .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
however , the safety records of the soviet and russian NNS and the JJ constraints on the russian government are matters of great concern .	4	19	VBP	are	is
the most popular park of the town is NNP NNP NNP NNP ( popularly known as police line park ) which is near to central bus stand .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
these forests are vulnerable to flooding and many were destroyed by cyclone NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
boys who score a half century or a hat trick in cricket receive a cricket ball in chapel .	0	12	VBP	receive	receives
the country of spain is her primary source of inspiration .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
best way is to ask for a 1 month NN at an embassy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
given a standard error of one hour , the standard NN is twelve hours .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
bush 's response to hurricane NNP is NNP due to a lack of content .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the xbox live NNP article is considerably better than this one .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his arms are the NN of NNS and his NN possesses the NN of the hammer of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
and not one admin is willing to stop it .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his younger son , NNP NNP , is a student and baseball player at another high school in lexington , NNP creek high school .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
fire engineers assist architects , building owners and developers in VBG buildings ' life safety and property protection goals .	1	2	VBP	assist	assists
supporting this hypothesis , certain NNS called `` JJ NNS '' sung by male NNS at high frequency are more effective than others in VBG sexual displays from females .	5	18	VBP	are	is
dates are yet to be confirmed , although it seems as if the shows will be in july .	0	1	VBP	are	is
her elder brother `` NNP NNP NNP '' is also among the first person to complete the bachelor of engineering .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this is obviously concerning , although benefit of the doubt tells me that he VBZ a lot about this encyclopedia .	6	10	VBZ	tells	tell
army corps of engineers , the NNP lake project includes a public hunting area , bringing the total project area to .	8	9	VBZ	includes	include
rides on steam trains are popular with tourists visiting the region , and that is why NNP operates mainly during the summer vacation .	0	4	VBP	are	is
traditional activities are the NNP NNP at NN , VBG at the common ground fair , a yearly trip to quebec , canada , and several meetings throughout the year which normally have a guest speaker discussing the culture of another area of the world .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first evidence of human NN in the five hills area dates back to at least 4 , 000 b .	2	11	VBZ	dates	date
NNS must always be designed with economics in mind ; the purpose of these devices is to reduce costs , and so they must be designed in such a way that the cost reduction VBZ the cost of implementing the NN .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the device comprises a VBG principle for a sustainable solution to the mainly JJ flows in new or existing neighborhoods making use of e .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the NNP model describes the JJ dynamics of an ideal chain .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
most of the area is JJ ; during the JJS periods the average JJ temperature is about 42 degrees .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
whereas NNP just likes life to happen as it does , this lady ( whom he meets at NNP 's NN ) is the exact opposite .	12	16	VBZ	meets	meet
NN recognizes this being the only structure that survived the 1989 earthquake and therefore made it his first thing to destroy .	0	1	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
a neutral position is somewhere in between , i know not where .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the ballad depicts NNP NNP as a JJ fighter .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
other secondary changes such as loss of muscle NNS following acquired muscle NN are likely to compound the NN VBG from the upper motor NN NN .	2	13	VBP	are	is
i would not want to run NN of JJ restrictions myself , however , and would request input if that course of action is open or not .	20	23	VBZ	is	are
x notation allows the description of doors with more than two panels .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
this event also features local musicians and bands .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
pairs of animals follow him without any apparent reason ( with birds even flying into his office through the window ) .	0	3	VBP	follow	follows
i uploaded this file myself several years ago , in order to illustrate a card game whose article no longer exists .	17	20	VBZ	exists	exist
the title is a reference to motor oil , and also taken from a line in the song `` indian larry ' from the south side of the moon album that says CD VBG thirty weight ' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in organic chemistry , JJ resolution is a means of VBG two NNS in a JJ mixture .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
those working on this list might want to consider adding some brief information about the bands listed so that it goes beyond what the category provides - at the moment the only extra info related to the bands ' NNS .	24	25	VBZ	provides	provide
the dominant NNS are common bent , red NN and yorkshire NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
research suggests that drinking VBD coffee can cause a temporary increase in the NN of JJ walls ( NNP 2001 ) .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the interior has some original NN and trim , particular around the NNS in the main block .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
species in this family have a widespread distribution , especially in tropical areas .	0	4	VBP	have	has
this book says `` apart from the JJ NNP that she spoke with her nurse , anne , like all JJ NNP , was VBN in formal '' - so anne of brittany for sure .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
desert NNS and palm trees are common , while NN NNS , desert areas , mountain ranges and flat NN make up the landscape around the city .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as of 2012 , the JJ boat sits up in a NN behind the station , VBG funding and NN necessary to complete the restoration process .	6	7	VBZ	sits	sit
however , some individual players are professional .	4	5	VBP	are	is
by having a wide and varied scope of owners , companies generally tend to improve management standards and efficiency to satisfy the demands of these NNS , and the more JJ rules for public corporations imposed by public stock NNS and the government .	10	12	VBP	tend	tends
i think the edit VBZ all the complaints above and from a technical point of view the image is good .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the firm is one of the leading telecommunications service providers ( NNP ) in somalia and offers its services throughout the country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even if the national team of a country is not fully professional , it is the national team .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
NNS and NNS with strong winds are a common feature .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the community is on the north side of the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the small town rises on an inner hill zone and is CD metres above NN .	2	3	VBZ	rises	rise
the district is relatively rich in natural resources oil , gas , NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people depend on you , and you are n't really in control , but you ca n't show that , or everyone gets nervous .	0	1	VBP	depend	depends
neutral i could almost support it , but the composition is just .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
for example , residents of NNP de NNP , a municipality in northern portugal , say that after the private company NNP .	3	15	VBP	say	says
the unusual first name NNP derives from the JJ soldier sir NNP NN , whose daughter married the 3rd baron , and was mother to the 1st viscount .	3	5	VBZ	derives	derive
the article on history of aviation in bangladesh is more in my line and is very interesting , but really needs some JJ citations and good references .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
some NN NNS are simply VBN NN , with only the NN 's natural NN as decoration .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a new york newspaper from CD contains an advertisement for cricket players and the first documented competition occurred in CD in NNP .	3	6	VBZ	contains	contain
the only exception to this JJ sequence of NN occurs in the layer i of NNS , in which , in contrast to NNS , NN continues throughout the entire period of NN .	2	26	VBZ	continues	continue
the rest of the song is different variations of the chorus with a NN solo in the background .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as the fight VBZ , NNP allows the souls that VBD NNP to pass on to their reward and peace in the NN .	2	3	VBZ	concludes	conclude
other VBG inhabitants of the river are NN , NNS , NNP and NNS .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the parish NNS begin in CD , with a break between CD and CD , and the NNS ' accounts date from CD .	2	3	VBP	begin	begins
in sharp 's view , all effective power structures have systems by which they encourage or extract NN from their subjects .	8	9	VBP	have	has
i guess the main question i am asking then is why gold is in such demand , and the only answer i ever seem to get is because it is valuable .	20	26	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's testimony lands NNP in a NN rather than a prison cell .	2	3	VBZ	lands	land
the state league representative matches , like state of origin , have individual best on ground medals as well .	4	11	VBP	have	has
direct administration funded through NN ; the delivering organization generally has no specific requirement to meet commercial success criteria , and production decisions are determined by government .	8	10	VBZ	has	have
in the JJ rivalry , the only real history is between the NNP and the cardinals who VBD in the world series before the browns became the NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the oldest schools of NN are the government primary schools .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the school serves students from kindergarten to 9th grade .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the work room in the sarah doyle has a CD heat press and a matt NN .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
bengali language classes are compulsory up to viii standard .	2	3	VBP	are	is
look , if people want to know about NNS , they should ask NNP .	3	4	VBP	want	wants
any field is a vector space over itself , and as such has dimension 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the municipality of NNP ( NNP ) contains the NN ( NNS , mainly villages and NNS ) NNP ( NNP ) , NNP ( NNP ) , NNP , and NNP ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain
output is at 5 , 200 NN and at 4 , 800 NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
support comments i 've had a look over this article , the text reads ok ( i made some changes to a few paragraphs ) and i see NNP has done a NN as well .	12	13	VBZ	reads	read
the nearby NNP mountain nuclear NN has the alternative command center .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the latin cross plan has a nave and two NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NNP argues that JJ words have power ( NN ) that is equivalent to that of the gods and as strong as physical force .	4	5	VBP	have	has
buildings include apartments , hospitals , factories and even a casino .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
other channels that have been produced and distributed by NNP television include cricket plus ( in north america ) , art prime sports in the middle east , football channel in singapore and goal tv 1 and goal tv 2 in asia .	1	11	VBP	include	includes
the battle includes many NNS from original series characters .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this allows for a larger hole in the NN , and thus presumably more air gets through , allowing a NN volume .	14	15	VBZ	gets	get
as well as NNS and NNS , the route is suitable for NN and NN users , as it is flat and VBN with seating every 500 metres .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
only 20 motorway services in the uk remain in the ownership of the department for transport and let on JJ NNS to private operating companies .	3	7	VBP	remain	remains
the population VBZ much like football supporters , when defending their preferred quarter .	1	2	VBZ	behaves	behave
the minister of NNP st andrew 's church is a NNP at NNP primary school and joint NNP at NNP high school in NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the church possesses two pipe organs .	1	2	VBZ	possesses	possess
the mascot is an indian chief and the school colors are red , royal blue , and silver .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
due to the shop size the variety of goods sold is limited , and for larger shopping trips , residents need to make the short journey to nearby NNP bay or NNP .	19	20	VBP	need	needs
when the poet fails to appear on the fourth sunday , the NN assume he has killed his NN too .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
notable credits include NNP NNP ( at the NNP theatre , leading role ) , NNP ( sally NNP ) , three men and a horse ( winner of an NNP award for best new comedy ) , the uk tour of arthur smith 's live bed show .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
given the distance in time between these animals , they are likely to represent distinct species , but the available fossils are too incomplete to be certain .	20	21	VBP	are	is
however , the indians ' official media guide says that the owners VBD NNS to ask fans for their favorite nickname , and the name indians was chosen .	7	8	VBZ	says	say
the first variation of the armor appears in `` cold war '' , when he created enhanced thermal NNP for his armor and used them to help him fight NNP .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the signs and symptoms of this lung cancer variant seem to VB those of the underlying major cell type .	1	9	VBP	seem	seems
this topic appears to be an example of an article that would not be on wikipedia had we had a JJ requirement .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` NNP '' by the scotland wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
its boundaries extend from CD street on the south to CD street to the north , between fifth avenue ( central park ) on the west and third avenue on the east .	1	2	VBP	extend	extends
as long as the enemy pilot is killed by someone from the opposing world the victory is valid , a pilot is not the only one who can do it .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
many professional institutions and trade publications focus much more on NNP than NNP , although most sales and marketing personnel operate in the NNP sector .	16	20	VBP	operate	operates
the trains use JJ JJ NN ( NNP ) , a NN drive system , and led train destination NN panels .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
if npov VBZ a particular approach in one article , the logical conclusion is that the same approach should be taken across the board .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
legend has it that when king NNP died suddenly during a trip to NNP , the tears of his two NNS NNP ( NNP ) and NNP ( NNP ) dropped onto surrounding NN and VBD it forever .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the second generation car is longer than the previous by and has a boot capacity of .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this increases the investment by the interest realised over the period in which the plant is not active .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
album page makes it clear that they can still be considered reliable sources even if not paid .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
this article ( and the others in the category ) gives a valuable cliff notes type overview of some of the important concepts in the book .	1	10	VBZ	gives	give
as all the shows , the band offers through NNP .	6	7	VBZ	offers	offer
IN the role of admins in speedy deletion is not to judge if the subject of an article is notable .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
JJ takes its name from the bridge where the NNP road trunk road crosses the river NNP .	12	13	VBZ	crosses	cross
that being said , nominating large numbers of articles for speedy deletion is RB , as it VBZ the NN , even if the nominations are reasonable .	24	25	VBP	are	is
this NN weather system is one of the reasons why india is called a NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he is also host and producer of NNP radio , a popular weekly interview show , and serves as a director of the new journalism project , a texas CD ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit corporation , that publishes the NNP blog .	5	17	VBZ	serves	serve
one recent NN VBN in by NNP 7 is that the NNP file format now supports NN audio ( used , for example , in the NN NNS on apple 's site ) .	13	15	VBZ	supports	support
lost in space and a block of NN game shows .	5	9	VBZ	shows	show
other regional names for NN are NNS , NNS and NNS de NN .	2	5	VBP	are	is
NNP literally means `` JJ recognition '' , as it does not have any JJ ( means ) , that is , there is nothing to practice ; the only thing to do is recognize who you are .	30	33	VBZ	is	are
the leader determines the movements and patterns of the pair as they move around the dance floor .	1	2	VBZ	determines	determine
the rough idea in both JJ and JJ settings is to view the spaces as the boundary of a third space or region and to find the smallest JJ volume of this third space .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the style is similar to that of film composer john williams .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
crystal uses to determine whether JJ articles are appropriate or not .	0	1	VBZ	uses	use
blp NNS , but that debate , and NN of that which is RB sourced , is fine .	5	16	VBZ	is	are
the possibilities for forms of JJ communication are very broad .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the article contains the grand total of two references , so it can not be judged notable due to significant independent coverage in reliable sources .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
modern NNS with NNS are available late may through early october .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the reserve bank NNS and offers loans with no limit on volumes in order to ensure that the interest rate in the market remains at the official cash rate level .	19	23	VBZ	remains	remain
NNS in thailand are popular venues for entertainment .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the roosevelt district is also home to roosevelt high school ( NNP , opened 1922 ) , one of the older schools in the seattle school district .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the village of NNP has a population ( 2009 ) of CD .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the track is at present JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the staff member takes their students to their homes for NNS to help build personal connections with students and help better the environment at the school .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
i agree that NNS are important , but not decisive for the fate of all other similar proposals .	3	4	VBP	are	is
let the readers visit the links if they want to learn more , not force them to go and never come back .	2	3	VBP	visit	visits
the truck route begins at the intersection with pa 29 and runs NN with it .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
with the exception of small NNS that VBP NNS and a few hot springs that continue to deposit minerals at the surface of the crater floor , little volcanic activity presently occurs in this region .	29	31	VBZ	occurs	occur
with their help , NNP discovers that he can transform into a VBG monster himself ( other characters assert that these `` NNS '' are merely a sort of JJ NN ) .	17	18	VBP	assert	asserts
when trusted editors make changes while not logged in , as i often do , their edit would be picked up by the system and add to the NN .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
the top stage contains a JJ NN bell opening on each side .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
what continues to bug me is that the claim apparently is not understood by you and nor has any other editor so far come out who knows what the claim means .	29	30	VBZ	means	mean
when VBG the NN of this award it is important to understand that the judges are generally magazine editors whose publications accept advertising from boat NNS [ 1 ] .	14	15	VBP	are	is
when NNP NNP arrives in the JJ village where her mother lives , she thinks that she will die there from NN .	10	11	VBZ	lives	live
meanwhile , as he looks through one of his source books , an anonymous staff member comes to wesley for an unrelated report .	15	16	VBZ	comes	come
the district is further divided into 14 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is not something which should ever be allowed , especially on such a contentious subject where the threat of violence in real life is ever present .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
the NNS come from the states of malaysia including NNP .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
JJ NNS are distinct from NN , in that the NN does not have insight into his loss of touch with reality .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i 'm obviously being JJ , but it seems that people are fine with lists of names , but not numbers .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the player with the most life points wins the game .	1	7	VBZ	wins	win
statistics show that aboriginal and NNP strait NNP communities have a lower life NN and higher rates of disease and injury than the JJ population .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
the figure for CD is therefore about right but the figure for CD looks JJ .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the main trunk road to NNP is from NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
on mount french the cliffs at frog NNP are one of the state 's most popular areas for NNS .	4	8	VBP	are	is
this is like one of those dead white girl news stories that VBZ up on cnn when dozens of similar stories go JJ .	17	21	VBP	go	goes
then NNP gets two , and NNP gets three , but this time his ball takes an odd path before reaching the NNS .	14	15	VBZ	takes	take
related technologies include the shell higher NNP process which produces JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in addition , i think people are much more likely to work on a stub article they find than to simply create a new article , so deletion may make it less likely that the article will exist again .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the stream has a great annual hatch of NNS , including NNS , light NNS , NNS , and lots of NNS , as well .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , the introduction to the article states that the colours are n't gamma corrected , i .	10	11	VBP	are	is
and lack of proof is not proof of lack .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this article deals exclusively with the history of the french air force from its earliest NNS ( but not french naval aviation , the NNP NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
the NNS are the powers of 2 , VBZ 11 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
modern NNS tend to create a genus of NNS , known collectively as NN , of which murder is the most serious species , followed by NN which is less serious , and ending finally in JJ NN , which is not a crime at all .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP art near , o lord ; and all JJ NNS are truth .	10	11	VBP	are	is
among the general public , it is widely believed that personality is strongly influenced by birth order , but many NNS dispute this .	20	21	VBP	dispute	disputes
as a matter of fact , that very matter is currently under discussion .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the monastery has an archive which dates back to the year CD , which mostly records NNS , NNS , marriages and deaths of the local population .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the production code used is of the form NNP ( 2 JJ year , 2 JJ month , 2 JJ day ) for the date the episode is best suited to be broadcast .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the track features canadian rapper drake and was produced by frequent NN NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
many books and training NNP are also available , allowing the NN sailor to VB the learning in their own time .	1	5	VBP	are	is
every year thousands of NNS from bangladesh and india visit the temple on the occasion of NNP .	2	9	VBP	visit	visits
i could VB my decision to quit , but i will only do so if the community feels it is in the best interest of wikipedia .	16	17	VBZ	feels	feel
the city has loose soil with JJ NNS in the north and salt NNS in the south .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
current name suggests that i am a company , rather than just a personal user name .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
as you observed , the strips help prevent ( or at least indicate ) the theft of the disc from within the NN .	5	6	VBP	help	helps
specific NNS of NNP would be something like at the genus or species level , and NNS are specific to the specific strain only .	16	17	VBP	are	is
as the hardy cross method provides only JJ results , with a margin of error RB VB to the number of NNS , it is important to have an idea of how accurate this method might be .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
such wings are typically useless and often compromise performance RB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
runs of odd lengths seem especially rare .	0	4	VBP	seem	seems
concentrate on clearing out the factual errors , NNS , NN and grammar mistakes VBG wikipedia before VBG about how important a topic is .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
he added that eu entry is not a solution to all problems , but it makes it easier to solve them .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the audience interested in this material is limited , of course , but nearly everyone would agree that this sort of information is at least as important to have on wikipedia as pop culture , even though far fewer people are interested in it .	39	40	VBP	are	is
the JJ bonds are longer due to the smaller radius of the NN atom .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the forts vary for size and function , some being just small NNS , some VBG large settlements complete with cultivation .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the sculpture is a reconstruction of the few original sculptures that were preserved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ trains only serve the station on reverse peak runs ( plus one NN trip ) .	1	3	VBP	serve	serves
JJ NNS indicate that vehicle drivers may travel in any one of directions shown .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
the key to NNP success is in its approach to its subject matter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
crystal township is the name of two locations in the u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one walk out of the park leads to the site of the civil war battle of NNP NNP , another to red house museum .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead
the choir is affiliated with the NNP and currently has three singers who hold the highest NNP award , the gold award .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP inspector is a species of armored JJ endemic to venezuela where it occurs in the upper negro , NNP and upper NNP river NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
just like in the previous deletion discussion , no one who VBZ deletion has cited any actual wikipedia rules that the article VBZ .	21	22	VBZ	violates	violate
the effect is more pronounced with the particles requiring being heated to higher temperature to start VBG .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the word , NNP , in tamil means `` the act of the author taking refuge in the NNP before writing a book '' .	1	7	VBZ	means	mean
possible keep or redirect - billboard 's chart history for NNP NNP suggests the song charted more than once .	1	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest
adequate NNP values range from 0 .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
the most basic task in each mission is to maintain the city .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is not a NN of each minor change in each build ; it is an overview of the development history and lists the major improvements of major versions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on rectangular NNS with JJ dimensions , only periodic NNS exist .	9	10	VBP	exist	exists
after two NNS discover an ancient alien NN in africa , they must run for their lives from both the JJ guardian and NN that VBZ as a result , and their NN , NNP employer , both of whom want the NN .	2	3	VBP	discover	discovers
much else of NNP life is documented , as the book includes a guide to arrow recognition and information on marriage customs and the NN to wear NNS , amongst many other subjects .	10	11	VBZ	includes	include
however , problems arise when some begin to notice that the next day simply will not come .	2	3	VBP	arise	arises
the image VBZ a previous version of the character in question .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
those edits and reverts are a dispute , perhaps even an edit war and you are personally involved in it .	1	4	VBP	are	is
these cars , as well as the cars built in 1996 and 1999 , are all JJ and can operate independently from the others , unlike the earlier cars .	1	14	VBP	are	is
italian border , while walking off the path between the mountain passes NNP and NNP .	1	11	VBZ	passes	pass
the most important service is the production of a risk page where all NNP with NNS of hitting the earth greater of CD from now until CD are shown in a risk list .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
admins and above are not subject to the restriction ( to allow us the ability to deal with any issues that need attention ) and the NN of clear vandalism is also VBN from the restriction .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the fact is , though , that matthew has a long history of sudden , violent , and apparently JJ NNS , involving extreme personal abuse and other disruptive behaviour .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the story then VBZ over to the wife of the old man , who meets a NN prince .	1	3	VBZ	switches	switch
most modern operating systems have support for NN .	3	4	VBP	have	has
wikipedia articles , although most of these are JJ in NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the NNS contain no added sugar water or NNS and as well as being great to drink are a wonderful NN in many NNS .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
a simple example is when table sugar is VBN and VBN rapidly by VBG the liquid sugar onto a cold surface .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the fourth episode philip VBZ a NN for NNP though he is VBN with her .	3	5	VBZ	buys	buy
the bullets in VBG cast ' section seem acceptable , but rewrite the NNS in other media ' and JJ influences ' sections so they are normal NNS , not bullets .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
federal laws also allow `` JJ '' interstate routes , highways funded similarly to state and u .	1	3	VBP	allow	allows
NNP 's JJ elections are RB JJ , in 2006 , NNP appointed NNP director of community development , later stating he had read NNP NNP NNP 's team of rivals , and was inspired by president abraham lincoln 's decision to VB former campaign rivals to his cabinet .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
lack of real article contributions is a major concern .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
as such , this organisation fails to meet notability guidelines .	4	5	VBZ	fails	fail
the user keeps reverting the section about the name of the city , in a version which is not well sourced and creates arguments among users .	1	2	VBZ	keeps	keep
although agriculture is a very important part of our economy , most people live in cities .	12	13	VBP	live	lives
his family comes from a long line of NNS , which is revealed one day when jane VBZ upon his family 's JJ sword , hidden in his clothing chest .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
a continuous JJ band of NNP NN containing NNS NNS and NNS on blue backgrounds runs around the building .	3	15	VBZ	runs	run
his teachers include leslie NNP , joseph NNP , otto NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
citations in the lead are generally not needed as much as in the rest of the article .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNS who have competed at a varsity match in the prestigious full blue sports are eligible for an oxford blue or cambridge blue respectively .	0	14	VBP	are	is
NN , inc , 1999 when the ground materials become VBN with enough water , they will start flowing .	8	9	VBP	become	becomes
secondly , your assumption of linear NN VBZ the important aspect of JJ NN .	3	7	VBZ	ignores	ignore
another form of uk stock car racing is NNP stock cars , regulated by the NNP stock car association .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
research development includes a diverse set of dynamic activities that vary by institution .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
together the two books also provide the only JJ literary portrait of the surprisingly diverse NNP community and the surrounding fraser valley NN .	3	5	VBP	provide	provides
but , NNP , the world is today in arguably a RB different position than at any previous time with regard to humanity and its impacts on itself ( NN , technology , etc ) and the world in general ( RB , etc ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
VB the film focuses on a rural NNP museum and print shop where international artists meet retired NNS and together VB the NN of modern design and traditional technique .	14	15	VBP	meet	meets
however , this is n't an ads site , and anyone can post on any article , so if someone wants to write that your product is JJ , there 's nothing preventing them to do so .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
JJ museum NNP north somerset local the collection includes archaeological exhibits , including those from NNP iron age hill fort .	7	8	VBZ	includes	include
NNP 's studio work combines numbers of NNS .	3	4	VBZ	combines	combine
road often takes NNP against its will , and in her usage it acts as a witch 's NN or a regular umbrella .	0	2	VBZ	takes	take
many NN and control methods represent estimates of the state of a system in the form of a mean vector and an associated error NN matrix .	4	5	VBP	represent	represents
this category contains articles that have been rated as NNP and NNP by wikiproject the simpsons .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
however , as a result , NN assists are worth far more than JJ assists , and tell more about an NN 's throwing arm than NN assists do .	7	8	VBP	are	is
while the page appears normally and links can be followed as usual , VBG is completely disabled .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
some pilots have special NNS and skills that allow them to use specialized weapons , such as the `` NNP '' ability being required to use the JJ weapons on the NNP NNP or the JJ NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NN is VBN , and the facility goes into JJ status .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
in his introduction to the book the author explains the circumstances of its composition and the reason for its title .	7	8	VBZ	explains	explain
JJ speakers say that they speak neither spanish nor portuguese but a third language altogether different .	1	2	VBP	say	says
house NNS and deputies are also responsible for VBG with staff about transport and guidance , as well as building links with staff at the places that they are supporting .	1	4	VBP	are	is
any disputes about whether an administrator is involved or not are to be referred to the arbitration committee .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the show involves several members of the NNP cast , such as thompson and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
present developments explore the implications of the theory for NN specific to oral traditions .	1	2	VBP	explore	explores
in our field , my national organization is the only one in the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the CD mix is then VBN with and VB clock where the beginning of each new minute brings the beginning of a new musical work by a different artist .	12	17	VBZ	brings	bring
for maintaining NN in cases of failed ( VBN ) transactions ( which can always happen for many reasons ) NNS also need to have the NN ( from NN ) property .	20	22	VBP	need	needs
and yeah , extraordinary claims require extraordinary sourcing , but i was always willing and ready to do all i could to make sure my sourcing measured up as such .	4	5	VBP	require	requires
this scenic spot is the starting point for the NNP trail , and is also the northern NN for the john NNP trail .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the song , with its JJ lyrics describing a world in which nature has VBN to fight against NN and destruction by humanity , is JJ of NNP 's interest in animal rights issues .	1	24	VBZ	is	are
NNP , and then five years later is lucky enough that the community is able to VB up a NN more NNP , and then proceeds to VB on that .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
im not sure that a discussion of the images on the book covers could be well sourced .	5	12	VBZ	covers	cover
for genre fiction , the literary magazine listing here is generally going to be useless as most publications explicitly ask that no genre fiction be sent .	17	19	VBP	ask	asks
marine NN refers to the shape the land has when it VBZ with the ocean .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the dominant minerals in the JJ NNS are JJ and NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the novel begins in the summer of CD at the dutch east india company trading post NNP in the harbor of NNP and tells the story of a dutch NN 's love for a japanese NN who is , however , VBD away into a NN mountain temple cult .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the nuclear war between nazi germany and the race ends with a german surrender after ernst NNP , the NNP , is killed and replaced by walter NNP .	2	9	VBZ	ends	end
the band currently consists of alan NNP , dave NNP , NNP NNP , drummer jimmy NNP ( who had toured with the band since 2002 as live NN for NNP ) and vocalist ted leonard .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
because the shield limits the field of view , VBG and VBG the gun may make the NNS more visible under these circumstances .	2	3	VBZ	limits	limit
our native land is the common parent of us all .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
before each knockout round the coach chooses one artist from their team to get a `` fast pass '' to the live shows , the remaining six artists from that team are then split up into two groups of three .	5	6	VBZ	chooses	choose
i find that odd , because lancashire dialects are generally JJ .	7	8	VBP	are	is
NNS , generally , need to be renewed RB , or may be valid for a specific period ( e .	0	4	VBP	need	needs
the result was speedy delete a7 , JJ , only google result is blog spam for the book .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
your case seems to rely on the scientific reputation of NNP and the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the launch table supports the vehicle on the NN , and the NNP provide further support and VBG functions for the NNP .	1	3	VBZ	supports	support
this release VBZ NNP 's 25th anniversary in the music business .	1	2	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
the interior floor is relatively JJ , except for the NN on the western edge .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their ski season usually runs from december to march .	2	4	VBZ	runs	run
abilities include VBG and VBG the NNPS , as well as throwing them into the water .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the album contains their version of the 1967 hit they wrote for p .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
not every software project is notable , sorry .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
effective response systems are also necessary to ensure support of women and girls who may identify violence in their own lives as a direct result of prevention activity and seek help and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the show is now a production of [ tv game NNP ] , headed by executive producer marc NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ice diving is a team diving activity because the NNS line requires a line tender .	10	11	VBZ	requires	require
j day in times square has pretty much broken down .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the school offers special programs for students after school , including adventures plus and multiple community education programs .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
both men are JJ hunters who made trips in the past to the african interior .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although other `` drivers '' have been suggested , NNS are currently the only devices with the right combination of features .	9	10	VBP	are	is
clearly , a `` new version '' of an image exists as a wikipedia concept .	5	10	VBZ	exists	exist
however , the plan fails and NNP realizes what has gone on , temporarily VBG robin from the group .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
no question the NN one is the highest quality .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some books are available in NNP and others in large print .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the male spends the winter VBG the egg in his NN NN , VBG it on the NNS of his feet , for 64 consecutive days until NN .	1	2	VBZ	spends	spend
the pool is no more than a finger 's depth of water , fed by NN VBG down the wall of the cave .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book begins when a retired couple , NNP and NNP NNP , achieve their dream of buying a house in the woods to live alone together , far from the public world .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the events are times for alumni and students to gather together and to meet new people .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP domain occurs in one or two copies in a variety of species ranging from JJ NN to human .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
the water , now VBN , runs back up to the NN .	1	6	VBZ	runs	run
the lower part of this zone also has NNS , but the tree line in norway is mostly formed by mountain NN , a subspecies of NN NN ( NN .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
this category includes people who have published research on nationalism or related issues .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
james robertson of daily mirror stated that `` the accompanying video is as pretty as the title suggests .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the church of our NNP is part of the three rivers regional ministry of the episcopal diocese of vermont .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
these facilities include historic fort NNP , its cemetery , and the minneapolis veterans health administration medical center .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
beginning in 2009 , this course is the host course of the NNP match play championship , which is a match play tournament for NNS on the NNP tour and the NNP european tour .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the park VBZ from NNP street on the south to NNP avenue to the north between NNP and long NNS .	1	2	VBZ	stretches	stretch
its current slogan is `` hip hop and today 's hit music !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story follows a man named NNP NNP who one day gets the chance to follow his younger brother NNP and become an NN .	10	11	VBZ	gets	get
however , i recognize that criticism about this company is notable and commented on by a variety of reliable sources -- not just those union organizations .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
however , if the principal moments of the JJ NN NN are not equal , the column will tend to VB around the axis with the smaller principal moment .	5	11	VBP	are	is
the route connects NNP and NNP in a JJ manner , running through NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
a NN method with a higher specific NN is more JJ .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
i 'll be on JJ starting tomorrow , so i 'd appreciate it if another administrator would unblock NNP after a day or so unless the discussion in this thread shows that the community is opposed to this .	26	30	VBZ	shows	show
the NNP theory on stock price movement is a form of technical analysis that includes some aspects of sector rotation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
eventually , the mafia boss runs out of ammunition again and tries to VB .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run
in this edit another editor seems to have rolled off the civility edge .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
these races have a JJ start and include events for national and NNP 's licence holders .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP soul is an which allows him to VB life from the surrounding life forms to VB his wounds and perform the technique to create copies of the NNP and attack them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
together they say that if , in addition to the above conditions , the set a is a JJ space and the functions NN are continuous on a , then the series VBZ to a continuous function .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
the only main female character is NNP NNP , who serves as a friendly and romantic interest for NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
their flight is usually short and close to the ground .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
product NNS and limitations apply to NNP pollution through restrictions on things like chemicals , NNS , and food NNS .	1	4	VBP	apply	applies
the provincial municipalities also have functions pertaining to the provincial seat which is the capital district .	2	4	VBP	have	has
NNP is the largest town by population in NNP county , and its central village of NNP serves as the county 's main commercial center .	14	17	VBZ	serves	serve
this arrangement VBZ itself to playing many lines at once and many stick players have VBN performing bass , NNS and melody lines simultaneously .	1	2	VBZ	lends	lend
gods for the NN have little impact on the game except as a note on unit NN in some cases ( you paint the NNS , NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	have	has
however , their neighbors and some of NNP 's own band members soon find out about nancy 's death and , VBD , they tell the police ; NNP falls to his death when he 's about to be captured .	3	13	VBP	find	finds
although she may be a real person , the article seems full of nonsense .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
other sources , less frequently cited , note that while a student , charles NNP also was employed as an architect at the firm of NNP and NNP .	1	7	VBP	note	notes
there NNP reveals that ken 's father is NNP meaning his grandfather was the emperor .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the society maintains chapters and study groups .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the name of NNP NNP 's NN is ( JJ flower in the english NN ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in the following table , the winner is highlighted in a separate colour , and highlighted in NN ; the NNS are those that are not highlighted or in NN .	20	21	VBP	are	is
in addition to the above NN , the carrier owns 5 .	8	9	VBZ	owns	own
the canal tunnel is only wide enough for one NN for much of its length , and to save on cost , as in some other canal tunnels in england , no NN was provided in the tunnel .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
church order is doctrine , a method in which church services are conducted .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her highest career ranking is world no .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS are not where words get their meaning .	4	5	VBP	get	gets
as a result or organisation and articles on towns in general are better organised than they have been since wikipedia started .	6	11	VBP	are	is
NNP 's products so far are the NNP series of guitar NNS , now updated to a third version .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the album consists of interviews and a few NNS or `` live '' versions of songs .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
countries placed here are in eastern europe as defined by the united nations NN .	0	3	VBP	are	is
some critics say it might not be as effective as a JJ defense .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the alcohol laws of wisconsin are neither as JJ as utah nor as JJ as missouri , and have their own unique features .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the title track is an almost NN sequel to the song `` NNP del mar '' , which appeared on the NNP album one step beyond .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
additionally , these rats have further applications in pure science .	3	4	VBP	have	has
most people know him as the singer in the swedish NN NNP .	1	2	VBP	know	knows
keep this school includes a secondary school , often called a high school .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the former route of highway 50 begins as an urban JJ NN ; an extension of albion road .	2	6	VBZ	begins	begin
not that these reports on minor stock movements VBP notability , but they certainly indicate the topic passes the NN test .	16	17	VBZ	passes	pass
six new NN maps , 10 new weapons , and a new NN variation on the `` lone wolf '' game type in which one player takes on everyone else ; the winner of the round then becomes the new `` lone wolf '' .	32	37	VBZ	becomes	become
wave function collapse is a forced expression for whatever just happened when it becomes appropriate to replace the description of an uncertain state of a system by a description of the system in a definite state .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the township contains one cemetery , dresden ( also known as NNP cemetery ) .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a second advantage of NNP 's oval NN design is that it allows for a more compact instrument .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
my NN filter blocks the address so i assumed there was something ( JJ ) there .	2	3	VBZ	blocks	block
VBG one of the oldest rugby teams in the world , formed in 1875 , it is not surprising that the university also hosts one of the largest university rugby events in scotland .	21	23	VBZ	hosts	host
an album of which only 1 , 000 copies were reportedly pressed , the sole source is a JJ directory .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the NNP standard VBZ that the `` operating temperature NN is attained when the temperature of the functioning part ( s ) of the test item considered to have the longest thermal NN is changing at a rate of no more than 2 .	2	3	VBZ	specifies	specify
a wind tunnel consists of a closed JJ passage with the object under test mounted in the middle .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the body is NN and nearly JJ in cross section , generally silver with a NN olive green NN RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its west end is in NNP , east of springfield , at the east end of the berkshire subdivision .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
likewise , these universities are responsible for training future generations in sustainable practice .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the route leaves the NNP in county dublin near NNP and in CD crosses into NNP in county NNP .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
by temporarily VBG the battle , the player can engage the elevator through a NNP at its control panel to gain the high ground , though this gain can be VBN if the monsters engage a second control panel .	33	34	VBP	engage	engages
if such information has any value , it belongs in an article about the game itself .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
prof `` the fact remains that i have never had an academic position , have very few publications to my name , and have virtually no public profile ( nor NN ) '' ( here ) .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the map updates as the global news networks report on emerging stories .	7	8	VBP	report	reports
i also know how time travel RB exists and how to VB that either into the future or the past .	5	7	VBZ	exists	exist
she is voiced by NNP NNP in the japanese version of the series , while the english version has her voiced by NNP moore in the first game and by NNP NNP in the second game .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
for example , for JJ dish NN , the antenna NN is the axis of NN of the JJ dish , and the antenna radiation pattern ( the main NN ) is JJ about the NN axis .	25	31	VBZ	is	are
many NNP scenes occur , the theme of the three kings being particularly popular .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
the last wall NN is JJ and VBD into place .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the lowest courts in the isle of man are the summary courts , NNP of NNPS , licensing court , land court , etc .	2	8	VBP	are	is
these results each have a positive effect on JJ NNS and when presented in combination they present a powerful reaction .	1	3	VBP	have	has
weak keep he has a decent number of papers and citations .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the college provides a variety of division ii athletic programs , including basketball , baseball , softball , soccer , cross country and golf .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
this article is a user NN under NN VBG with wikipedia policy on user NNS which are allowed , precisely so that content may developed and brought up to wikipedia article standards .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sensor mind controls the NNP empress into believing her eye has been destroyed , NNP and NNP trick and VB out NNP and the NNP ; and sun boy uses his rage at NNP boy 's death to stop NNP .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
its headquarters are in the town of NNP on the NNP highway .	1	2	VBP	are	is
image appears to be from this NNP press release and thus subject to these copyright terms .	0	1	VBZ	appears	appear
this game uses simple controls for VBG that are very similar to the controls of other baseball video games of the time .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the death of adolf hitler is a british 1973 NN production .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNPS football program is the JJ american football team for NNP university located in the u .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a NN indicates that the city was awarded the games without a NN process .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
i have better ways to spend my time than VBG people whose priority is something other than accuracy .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the station serves as a hub for NNP routes in southeast , washington , d .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
delete per nom - no proof this highway exists .	7	8	VBZ	exists	exist
on the other hand , opposition journalist NNP NNP labeled the film as JJ , pointing out that the head NN is a secret service officer , while a NN , supposedly representing a russian liberal , resembles russian opposition politician NNP NNP .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
i accept that the NNS manage rather well .	4	5	VBP	manage	manages
this task force aims primarily to cover articles about perth , the capital city of western australia and australia 's JJS city .	2	3	VBZ	aims	aim
the most JJ type of evidence seems to be statistical data showing `` gross statistical NNS between the proportion of minorities hired .	3	6	VBZ	seems	seem
the oil fields in and surrounding henderson continue to provide a large part of the wealth of the area .	2	7	VBP	continue	continues
they represent the way things are .	4	5	VBP	are	is
other prose works include the trial of NNP NNP ( 1947 ) , the ghost of NNP NNP ( 1959 ) , and the volume of short fiction , NNP , son , and other stories ( 1946 ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
according to the government , such cases are due to the violent nature of certain groups within the jail , who use violence against other prisoners and try to VB money .	6	7	VBP	are	is
climate change is an JJ foreign policy issue , particularly depending on whether nations can agree to work together to limit possible future risks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
main fruits are NN , NNS and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
because generally albums have no individual NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
in addition , the territorial commands ( NNP ) are responsible for 'the bulk of their operational NN .	5	9	VBP	are	is
the common room is now in the mary matthews studio .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the two sister species differ slightly but consistently in NN , NNS , and molecular characters .	3	4	VBP	differ	differs
NNP NNP ( NNP ) is VBG the end of her last year of high school when her mother , helen NNP ( NNP ) , leaves the family , breaking all ties .	18	26	VBZ	leaves	leave
the western border has two parts .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
his birth date is the 5th day of NNP NNP in the indian calendar .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this state machine architecture enables the engine to properly deal with JJ NNS with directory NN issues .	3	4	VBZ	enables	enable
this menu is the JJ black triangle immediately left of the search box ; the options offered here may vary between pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ people express their will about being annexed or not to the kingdom of italy .	1	2	VBP	express	expresses
his journals and NNS survive for JJ as does his correspondence with good friend john NNP from 1954 to 1973 .	1	4	VBP	survive	survives
the park is also the home of `` old NNP '' , one of the world 's oldest trees .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the third column is used in british english , but rarely in american english ( although the use of the second and third columns is not necessarily directly JJ between the two regional variants ) .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
however , i think it needs a copy edit , perhaps NNP you have VBN at it for too long , my grammar is n't good enough to do it , but i do see some of the points NNP is making .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
this season the teams for national division one remain the same besides one movement , which sees local rivals NNP bay NNP replaced by east NNP NNP where various NN players used to play following the club 's collapse in 2006 .	3	8	VBP	remain	remains
after several months have passed , a NN travelling under austrian protection arrives in berlin .	7	12	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the white paper argued that australia 's strategic environment is likely to become more complex and uncertain due to the changing relationships between nations in the JJ region .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
PRP or airport NNP is a significant member of the list , beyond the fact ( in the case of the airport ) that , well , the list is correct .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
assuming it is not a JJ government , the answer is , obviously , no .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in either type of competition , the choice of music and the way the routine reflects the music is important .	7	18	VBZ	is	are
the movie has a script created specifically for the cinema and an original NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these schools are part of a JJ movement originally funded by the bill and NNP gates foundation in an effort to increase student achievement levels .	1	2	VBP	are	is
that part about the offer is certain .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP palace egg is a JJ VBN easter egg made under the supervision of the russian NN peter carl NNP in 1901 , for nicholas ii of russia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the funds collected are to be used to pay for the restoration of the buildings in which napoleon and his NN lived in exile on st helena from 1815 to 1821 .	1	3	VBP	are	is
however , the NN pieces are slightly wider than those in the center .	4	5	VBP	are	is
delete - list of state routes in pennsylvania seems to imply that state routes should be treated as notable and JJ routes probably NNP .	2	8	VBZ	seems	seem
the material is not appropriate for his biography .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's work is in the collection of the NNP river museum , which has called him `` providence , rhode island 's most successful still life painter of the nineteenth century .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although the idea is JJ because of its controversial theme which VBZ on the sensitive issue of homosexual and JJ relationships , NNP explained that `` the show is not all about the NN of the characters but more of a love story and a family drama .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
building work is in progress on a fully equipped gym on the site .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city has a museum and NNP house foundation , dedicated to the painter .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in one , appearing in the mad summer special 1983 , on the inside front cover , a cartoon sequence drawn by NNP NNP shows NNP attacking a NN who has taken NNP ; NNP NNS away , seeing JJ NNS including blood , NNS and such .	19	24	VBZ	shows	show
other routes exist on the northwest ridge and the west face .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
one member of this school was NNP , whose accounts are in many cases our sole source of information about the NNPS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
there are an estimated CD , 000 JJ NNS from third countries also living in the republic , though JJ rights groups dispute these figures .	21	22	VBP	dispute	disputes
the basic plot of `` the elder '' involves the NN and training of a young hero ( the boy ) by the council of NNPS who belong to the order of the rose , a mysterious group dedicated to VBG evil .	2	8	VBZ	involves	involve
the medium of instruction in chinese independent high schools is NNP and uses simplified chinese characters in writing .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the main villain , NNP is a powerful figure in japan , he is in command of all the police forces .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
some NNS have built NN ; a very few NNS still exist .	9	11	VBP	exist	exists
the JJS winds bring down the temperature below , while the southeast ones ( the so-called NNP ) are stronger , producing coastal NNS and rough seas , as well as strong NNS , but the cold is much less intense .	12	18	VBP	are	is
actual proof of notability , verifiability , and that the article is not original research changes arguments , not mere statements that it is so without JJ evidence .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
outside of the JJ season these birds often gather in large ( thousands or even millions ) communal NNS at night .	6	8	VBP	gather	gathers
the above summary is necessarily JJ as it can be , and does n't cover every single argument , NN and NN made .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fruit is a JJ NN 2 or 3 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in 2009 , a new winter boat NN was constructed , making it possible to launch a boat safely during the winter months when other NNS are on dry ground .	25	26	VBP	are	is
her daughter is actress NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
later NNP NNS of the name often include an JJ NN ( letter r ) , perhaps influenced by the root dr , meaning `` NN '' .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
the message boxes ( NN ) are the wizard NNP speaking and VBG the player .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the division between the NNP and NNP municipalities follows the course of NNP creek , which is a tributary of the NNP river .	1	8	VBZ	follows	follow
the second movement begins in the key of NNP major .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the point is not that nuclear waste is either perfectly safe , or the worst thing ever to have VBN to humanity ; people want to paint the world in NNS like that , much as you just VBD my NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
tradition in new orleans also holds that by VBG a small statue of st .	0	5	VBZ	holds	hold
controversial book VBZ NNP of 1971 war crimes '' .	1	2	VBZ	accuses	accuse
the only wall that does not have a NN is the southern wall , as this wall contains the only window of the room .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
june 12 , CD free screening is part of a weekly event called documentary NNS held by NNP carroll at the downtown east side carnegie community center in vancouver , b .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
by the 10th century , the kingdom of the south NNP was fully established ; its boundaries match those of the present county .	16	17	VBP	match	matches
her latest album is NNP , which NNP co-wrote , recorded , and produced in her home studio .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
give freely of yourself and VB all worlds are NNS '' .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the lyrics on this album are poetic and further showcase NNP NNP 's dark sense of humor .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the other passengers then observe sky starting her sentences before the doctor , who VBZ them after a short delay .	2	4	VBP	observe	observes
a checkuser would likely clear this up , though i think these cards are sufficiently JJ on the table .	12	13	VBP	are	is
this behavior needs to stop and is juvenile .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
valencia cathedral to decide which farm gets to receive water when and which also VBZ on disputes on access to water .	5	6	VBZ	gets	get
for 9th and 11th grades , due to NNS ( NNP ) , the vacation starts in the middle ( 9th grade ) or in the end ( 11th grade ) of june .	14	15	VBZ	starts	start
however , the twins are unsuccessful in VBG their father , so they leave him buried in the NN of NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
if the author is a lawyer , or knows lawyers , it should be easy to build a credible case and survive afd next time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this journey is also possible by bus and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dam 's location is about JJ ( or upstream ) from the provincial capital NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
arab NNPS ; on the more JJ front , the courts seem not to share in these NNS and RB strike them down .	10	11	VBP	seem	seems
but because the power of one NN is n't as strong as the other , multiple NNS must be used , creating NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
wiki edits are proof enough that you deserve adminship .	1	2	VBP	are	is
just go through them ( possibly VBG down further into each one until you get a clear picture of what the group is like ) and figure out if any of them meet your criteria .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP productions ' headquarters is in NNP , south carolina .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
first , the primary motor NN contains giant NN cells called NNP cells in layer v , whereas giant NN cells are less common and smaller in the NN NN .	20	21	VBP	are	is
this grass grows in NN NNS on the lake wales ridge and other NNS in central florida , an area of high plant NN .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
dog types are broad categories of dogs based on function , with dogs identified primarily by specific function or style of work rather than by lineage or appearance .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ NNP service continues into the late evening , and runs every two hours on NNS .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
the organization believes that , `` JJ intervention is a NN of a JJ medical approach , and there is convincing JJ evidence that special NNS help many with NN .	25	26	VBP	help	helps
common english NNS use some variant of `` controversial ' or `` likely to cause an argument '' .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
an exception applies when the JJ word is the subject or part of the subject , in which case there is no NN .	1	2	VBZ	applies	apply
the air or gas stream flows RB through the spaces between the NNS , and then passes through the stack of plates .	4	5	VBZ	flows	flow
if you think the guideline is ridiculous , then suggest a change .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the first six episodes are available on 3 NNP in the united kingdom , released by boulevard entertainment .	3	4	VBP	are	is
there is no evidence to suppose that the NNP NN boat is anything other than an indigenous technology .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
this article presents facts without enough context to make them meaningful .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
the assistant NNS are kevin butler , brandon turner , charles bruce , and NNP smith .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the native american culture and history is strong in NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the cover image is inappropriate on that page .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
most mainstream NNS consider the austrian perspective to be wrong or JJ for a number of reasons ( see austrian economics ) .	2	3	VBP	consider	considers
batteries VBP less energy and are therefore used when the device needs to provide a steady flow of energy .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
a positive test increases the NN that the JJ wall and not the JJ NN is the source of the pain ( for example , due to VB NN NN instead of NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	increases	increase
o instructions actually assert the entire JJ address bus .	1	3	VBP	assert	asserts
there could also be the reverse case , where the right is in the constitution , but the nation VBZ that entirely .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
different judicial tests have VBN to test if the connection is sufficient .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
recent visiting composers to NNP include john NNP , david del NNP , michael NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , richard cornell , joshua NNP , jonathan newman , and NNP carter .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the date of the foundation of the JJ town of NNP is unknown , but the town 's demise on august 1898 is RB documented in the book NNP , by luis NNP NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
however , the system is somewhat different .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the whole article is not about a fringe theory , it is about a god .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category contains speed NNS from russia .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the region 2 uk version ( 79 NNS ) is shorter than the region 1 us version ( 93 NNS ) and is the preferred version of the director .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2009 journal citation reports , the journal has an impact factor of 4 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
google recognizes the title of the book , no NN is available .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the poor child comes home , a small apartment inhabited by a NN of children and NNS born to a woman tired and JJ , plus left by her husband still pregnant .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
although it is JJ , these phases VBP like JJ pure bodies .	6	7	VBP	behave	behaves
the family travels out into the desert and NNP claims to see a u .	1	2	VBZ	travels	travel
the article varies between saying that two and three people were killed by the storm ; please fix and clarify .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
all leaders are teachers in the schools .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the role of NNP is to maintain contact with groups similar to VB that serve specific geographic regions .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the road distance from NNP to NNP is via NNP and NNP ( NNP ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
after some time NNP returns to NNP and VBZ her .	2	8	VBZ	marries	marry
this train has 14 JJR classes , 2 3 tier ac , one 2 tier ac , 2 JJ NNPS and 2 second sitting NN NN van from NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the film crash name lives on in the form of a production company run by harrison , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	lives	live
JJ NNS such as NNP , NNP , and NNP , contain NNP VBD to their cell walls ; these proteins act as NNS and help the bacteria RB to the host NNS via a JJ mechanism .	20	21	VBP	act	acts
the village has a post office , fish and chip shop , NNS , and a public NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
some values for the NN of building materials are in the table below .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the dance starts with an NN in the piano and VBG NNS in the NN .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
in 1975 , hawks was awarded an honorary academy award as `` a master american filmmaker whose creative efforts hold a distinguished place in world cinema '' and , in 1942 , he was nominated for the academy award for best director for sergeant york .	18	19	VBP	hold	holds
this is probably because related JJ forms , such as the plural NNS , have the voiced form , since here the NN is not terminal .	6	14	VBP	have	has
i wonder if this nomination is just the thin edge of the NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
its , JJ trees , both NNP and NNP VBP to VB nodes within the main NN NNP .	3	9	VBP	attach	attaches
thus , the response is an JJ decay with time constant NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
depending on the nature of the property , an owner of property has the right to VB , sell , rent , NN , transfer , exchange or destroy it , or to VB others from doing these things .	9	12	VBZ	has	have
the trade association specializes in education for its membership , advancement of credit industry practices as well as business credit and accounts JJ management products and services .	2	3	VBZ	specializes	specialize
this enzyme VBZ in JJ NN and JJ structures - NN 1 .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
for the record ( not that it has any relevance ) , the author of the wiki article is not a friend , NN or NN of the creator of the theory .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
my concern ( and purpose here ) is to hopefully start the community towards a path in which we can have balanced and neutral articles without making wikipedia such an JJ place that the reasonable editors simply walk away .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the two officers have to work together to capture and stop them .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a linux variant is one option , and a windows version is the other .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the seat of the NNP empire , this NN is a JJ JJ temple that is one of the greatest ancient monuments in the NNP today .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
JJ politics is a lot more obscure to most editors , but because the main medium is also english , JJ politician articles are also attractive to employers who may want to `` polish '' their reputation and VB the reputation of their opponents .	22	23	VBP	are	is
fishing is a major industry in the parish , as is JJ VBG ; a plant is at bull NNP .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
line regional tickets , there are also public NNS and an indoor seating area .	2	5	VBP	are	is
this VBZ with NNS which typically do not have a horizontal NN ( although NNS usually have the four page to a sheet spread format ) .	14	16	VBP	have	has
these NNS are typically JJ in NN and are employed in large wall structures where large amounts of NN is required .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ crowds in iran attack the home of opposition leader NNP NNP ahead of NNP day protests .	1	4	VBP	attack	attacks
as a junior band , the members are between the ages of eight and eighteen .	6	7	VBP	are	is
in this sense , the theoretical positions and the vital experiences of french NN are deeply JJ and JJ , even within JJ circles .	6	14	VBP	are	is
also , the infinite NN that the rival conception of god offers has to be RB exclusive .	8	11	VBZ	offers	offer
the building seems to have been out of use and NN before the end of occupation .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
tribal groups in the northeastern states of india like NNP pradesh , NNP , NNP and NNP , and also in the districts of bangladesh like NNP and NNP refer to VB and burn agriculture as `` NNP '' or `` NNP cultivation '' .	1	29	VBP	refer	refers
NNP has nothing to do with fac , and image issues are rarely simple .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the idea behind using JJ NNS to VB biological control is that natural enemies will be more effective in their NN of the NN , since the NN will be VBG in an JJ way because its JJ mechanism has been activated .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
some NNS consider the terms JJ , the source of the NN in these NNS is the JJ resistance to the assault , NNP is accepted as potentially JJ , other such NNS including , but not being limited to VB , VB , VB , and NNS .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
in addition , the station produces a JJ sports JJ program called sports sunday on sunday NNS after the 10 p .	4	5	VBZ	produces	produce
not , which is policy and what people mean by a social network ( i .	7	8	VBP	mean	means
small gasoline two stroke engines use the NN to partially VB incoming air .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
NNP 2001 ] and [ NNP 2006 ] introduced the methods for the solution of the system of linear equations in which the NNS are linear combinations of interval parameters .	23	24	VBP	are	is
a NN fund is a collective investment scheme , often structured as a limited partnership , that VBZ private capital RB to VB capital appreciation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its full title is the NNP 's progress from this world to that which is to come .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the neighborhood VBZ from the first half of the 18th century , when NNP monarchy occupied northern serbia CD .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
this answer goes round the houses a bit but .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
these solution sets define functions which are linear functions .	1	2	VBZ	sets	set
task completion allows NN to continue a certain task after the NN has been suspended .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
JJ oil is petroleum produced or VBN using techniques other than the conventional ( oil well ) method .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the partners include the government of maharashtra , NNS of the government of india , university grants commission , NNP , british council , association of commonwealth universities and swedish international development agency .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
tiger NNP NNP forces a NN or gets the ball back via a defensive stop , the NNP band plays the tiger NNP song and NNP fans bow in respect to the defensive stop .	18	19	VBZ	plays	play
NNS and NNS , volume one is an album by american singer-songwriter jeff black , released in 2003 .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , the article represents an impressive assembly of info about a song and is closely referenced .	6	7	VBZ	represents	represent
hope starts to be JJ of all the attention blake ( jake ) is getting from his female fans .	0	1	VBZ	starts	start
because these events constitute the majority of the population and because they tend to have the JJS NNS , they have been studied in much greater detail than their short counterparts .	2	3	VBP	constitute	constitutes
as he approaches , the machine VBZ , VBG him to NNP .	5	6	VBZ	activates	activate
in april 2009 NNP was selected for the danish NNP growth program , which aims to help innovative danish companies realize their potential in the global market .	19	20	VBP	realize	realizes
delete - link dead , few external references , and if the company that released the games and the games themselves are not notable , neither is the competition to decide what the games would be .	19	21	VBP	are	is
these things run for about a week .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the astronomical polar night is a period of continuous night where no astronomical NN occurs .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reason for this is partly because the culture believes in containing its own expansion to JJ habitats , instead of VBG or VBG new planets .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
notable areas of interest include the NNP park community centre which has a swimming pool , an arena and a NN park ( one of the very few that exists in toronto ) .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
eventually NNP and matthew 's marriage comes to an end after junior VBD matthew in NN .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
most VBP templates generate links automatically , so double square NNS are not normally used within the templates .	2	3	VBP	generate	generates
and i was under the impression that discussion of policy issues is not only permitted , but encouraged .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP report is acted upon but that situation will arise only when the court decides the matter finally .	13	14	VBZ	decides	decide
JJ relations , are the JJ relations between bulgaria and mongolia .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ question is sort of NN ; the person in question is absolutely happy with us using the images for NNP purpose , but he 's afraid that if anyone asks anything officially , all JJ hell will break loose .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
a traditional favourite is orange segments VBN in another fruit .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this most common modern form of NN now uses a JJ NN inside a sealed chamber .	4	8	VBZ	uses	use
it also VBZ part of the process whereby the JJ social elements that require NN in the first place continue with mere knowledge as their NN .	11	19	VBP	continue	continues
the crew faces many NNS during the mission .	1	2	VBZ	faces	face
but such a notion is quite JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
besides these , interstate buses are also available .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the latter day saint movement teaches that its NNS are either direct descendants of the house of israel or adopted into it .	4	5	VBZ	teaches	teach
JJ results are posts by this person .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the city is home to the university of NNP ( established in CD ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think the current guideline is not clear enough .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
each issue comprises approximately 90 pages , and includes articles about the contemporary renaissance NN experience , medieval and renaissance history , NNS , NN , cooking , and interviews with key individuals in the renaissance fair industry .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
each station broadcasts a mix of classic , chart and contemporary hits ( the balance between which depends on the station 's format ) .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
NNP 's JJ armor suit , which is designated mark CD , but named rescue by NNP , represents a hybrid of NN technology and portable electromagnetic NN NNS that give the suit flight , speed , strength , and magnetic field NN .	4	18	VBZ	represents	represent
NNS is given permission to speak before VBG occurs , and says the law is JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
english article is a translation from NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the page is not nonsense and should not be VBN for that criterion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
quite RB , this sort of JJ behavior is unfair .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the environment is a fantasy landscape consisting of purple grass , rainbow effects and flying VBG dolphins .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both buildings are now historical landmarks .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the purpose of accreditation is to VB that a person who operates a commercial bus service or a local bus service has demonstrated the NN and capacity to manage the risks to safety associated with their bus operations .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the organization 's mission is to explore yale , both its campus and its history .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the length of the bridges that VBP the 3 sections of the buildings is 26 metres .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the performers have to use NN words which can make the audience imagine the scenes .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the lowest part of the house is younger , and the upper part was built by NNP NNP NNP in CD , who used NN as building material .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the boss promotes NNP and gives him a raise .	1	2	VBZ	promotes	promote
NN has again reverted my edits , against consensus because he feels that his opinion over rules what is a clear consensus from multiple people here , on my talk page and at NNP that these blank comments pages are csd appropriate .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's best known JJ effort is NNP ( 1921 ) , starring george NNP which is now a lost film with only one NN remaining .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
with respect to the content , i think the article falls short in covering the NN and how it is viewed historically .	9	10	VBZ	falls	fall
the NN NN is the fraction of the NN of the primary that cuts the secondary NN , and is a function of the geometry of the system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
actually i think the main reason he 's remarkable is because he 's got a RB JJ NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
although all cells in a NN are capable of living on their own , NNS carry out most of the NN 's NN , passing VBN materials to the NNS for delivery to other cells .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the NN of a JJ factor by the NNP appears as a possibility .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the best thing to do is to buy a NN NN with a JJ NN that you can leave in the meat while it VBZ .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
your first block was short because all first blocks are short .	8	9	VBP	are	is
similarly , `` words '' in images need to be defined too .	3	7	VBP	need	needs
he makes a brief voice cameo in `` the one where no one 's ready '' , and later they briefly attempt to VB their romance as `` friends '' before accepting that the reasons they broke up remain valid .	34	38	VBP	remain	remains
the official publication of the organization is its awards winning journal the confederate NNP which is published quarterly .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
other groups include design NNP and the international NNP design talents , with workshops for both young design professionals and design students .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
otherwise , most casual users simply leave the site and NN or shop elsewhere .	4	6	VBP	leave	leaves
business and industry , the military , and other groups that need to recruit individuals with particular skills use these data extensively .	9	18	VBP	use	uses
april 2008 ( utc ) very strong keep the article is a stub as is , of course , but the subject is inherently notable as being the spokesman of a country 's police organization .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
please stand by '' , hosted by NNP john NNP , features local and world famous country , folk , and blues acts .	1	11	VBZ	features	feature
this reaction is a part of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
note it is also on russia today .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
today , the school 's structure remains mostly JJ .	5	6	VBZ	remains	remain
air base wing ( 72 NNP ) the diverse , NN , NN wing includes base services and support for the NNP and associate organizations as well as NNS and NNS .	13	14	VBZ	includes	include
i will say that the idea of putting the hypothesis first and the experiment later is often a lie .	5	15	VBZ	is	are
the book tells about the months the NNP family spent on the prairie of kansas , around the town of independence , kansas .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
comment - sounds to me like you just want to delete the article no matter what you find .	0	2	VBZ	sounds	sound
more and more child NNS says that kids need to be spending time JJ and outside .	7	8	VBP	need	needs
the one exception is that injuries to the brain will not VB immediately , but will instead VB an JJ state .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all his friends say that he will not be able to pay for his expenses .	2	3	VBP	say	says
my general view is that NNS should VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
strings are sets of NNP characters that may be of very large lengths .	0	1	VBP	are	is
these sources are all independent and reliable and their coverage of david NNP is significant which is defined as addressing the subject directly in detail which they all do .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS and styles always change with every new season .	0	4	VBP	change	changes
the city hosts several annual festivals , such as the NNP music festival and NNP jazz days .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
my understanding or JJ NN is that they work if you are happy to have everyone who knows you ( including an audience ) stop VBG you because you think you will be such a hit with NNS in the future .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the church currently has branches in independence , missouri ; atlanta , georgia ; NNP , idaho ; NNP , florida ; NNP , kansas ; richmond , missouri ; charleston , south carolina ; la NNP , texas ; and river NNP , texas .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the main tree here is the NN NNP NN of which few are found elsewhere on NNP island ; NNP trees are present but not dominant .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
sources differ on the number killed and injured up to 75 died and 100 or more were injured .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
the quality of NN leaf from NNP is famous for its quality in tamil nadu .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this block is of seven NNS ; the central three NNS are behind a VBN NNP NN .	10	11	VBP	are	is
support though i the first paragraph is just a little too challenging , maybe .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
historical records show that the site has been woodland since at least the early 16th century , and one large oak , the `` bishop oak '' , is thought to be around 400 years old .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
despite the 50 plus years of sprint car racing , the category has only ever held one official `` world championship '' .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
NNS have a manufacture date on the side .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the region has lower temperatures and receives more winter snow than the NNS and valleys to the west .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
they are used to protect human , plant , and environment in case the process goes beyond the control NNS .	14	15	VBZ	goes	go
common examples include the walls of chamber NNS and other JJ monuments and the vertical elements of the NNS at NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the population of the town is 2 , CD as of 2011 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the tongue is thick , circular and almost entirely VBG to the floor of the mouth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a simple machine is a device that simply VBZ the direction or magnitude of a force , but a large number of more complex machines exist .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a very well known man in the territories and is a friend to the indians .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
NNS '' and VBZ him to go with his NN with NNP and go figure out where she thought she knew him from ( NNP 's order ticket number is 42 ) .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
the village has many difficulties but at least we are not being broken .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most complete answer is that all physical interactions appear to be VBN on some level .	8	9	VBP	appear	appears
the document continues to be regarded as controversial today .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
but no evidence that the firm itself meets the notability requirements .	5	7	VBZ	meets	meet
the real fix for this one is to VB NNP to strip VBG spaces from lines on save .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
further JJ letters exist in NNP translation .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
the head teacher since 2004 is andrew burns .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
once a traditional concert hall which hosted acts such as duke NNP , louis armstrong , and the 60 's act the NNP , NNP dance hall is now a teen dance club with saturday night dances held from memorial day to just after labor day .	4	27	VBZ	is	are
year after year , students of NNP are successful in national and international competitions .	4	7	VBP	are	is
JJ maps are the JJ expanding ' maps in JJ directions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its political action committee , global solutions NNP , which is not affiliated with any political party , supports candidates and public officials who are RB responsible .	3	18	VBZ	supports	support
contributors are welcome at any time to add JJ , verifiable information on male NN in NNP to VB ; on male NN in NNP to NNP ; and , if a widespread phenomenon , to NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
for instance , in the NNP cartoon hey arnold , NNP ( the nice , quiet , JJ girl ) VBZ NNP as hall monitor and later becomes a JJ NN .	18	20	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
my first suspicion is that ( if you are at work ) , your it admins may be trying to set up a block on facebook .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
randolph and clay counties , together with the northern part of NNP and chambers , form the principal portion .	3	15	VBP	form	forms
this album shows the NN of the artist and contains lyrics in italian , english and french .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
at the start of [ season 9 ] , you 're not sure what their relationship is .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
a NN of the manuscript the entire book is heart shaped , in one of the early examples of the heart shape being used to VB romantic love .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN is on the east bank in NNP meadows ; the NN soil quality and NN on the west shore has encouraged JJ NN in port NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this art , associated with islam , has most often employed the arabic script , throughout many languages including arabic .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
keep - the book meets notability .	3	4	VBZ	meets	meet
in NN to natural language , where a noun phrase and a whole sentence refers to an object and a fact , respectively , in mathematical logic , a term and a formula VBZ a mathematical object and a mathematical fact , respectively .	9	33	VBZ	denotes	denote
generally speaking , the code only applies to those industries in which the federal government has jurisdiction instead of the provinces .	4	6	VBZ	applies	apply
the matter still stands that this is a trivial event and is not important .	1	3	VBZ	stands	stand
colored stones total weight is and diamonds is .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
often NNS or judges will VB themselves JJ NN ( on their own motion ) , VBG that facts leading to their NN are present .	18	23	VBP	are	is
some states allow seven on seven NNS , while others VBP formal practices during most of the summer .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
within , NNS and NNS keep their money and other NNS in NNS that are protected by very complex and very strong security measures .	2	5	VBP	keep	keeps
i suspect this user has a lot more open NNS or knows where to find them .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
in physics , apparent weight is a property of objects that corresponds to how heavy an object is .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the size is really not an issue and the loading times are far longer on many other pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the musicians sit together and play while dancers dance and circle around the fire .	1	2	VBP	sit	sits
including the JJ areas , the cave reaches a depth of CD feet .	6	7	VBZ	reaches	reach
where men are the most sure and JJ , they are commonly the most mistaken , and have there given NNS to passion , without that proper NN and NN , which can alone secure them from the JJS NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as jones was looking to make a comeback in 1983 its likely that as a former world champion driver with 12 grand prix wins to his credit , ferrari would have retained the australian for the 1983 season had he signed in 1982 ) .	18	23	VBZ	wins	win
since many of the older junction forms have JJ safety records , transportation professionals are careful to use `` NN '' when referring to the newer designs and `` traffic circle '' or `` JJ '' when referring to ones that do not meet the criteria listed above .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i hope to be more active with other wikimedia projects , but for now , my time is between wikipedia and NNP .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the autonomous community then VBZ to the central government a specific amount of money , for the management of those NNS that the community did not assume , but that are within the central government 's scope of action .	2	4	VBZ	transfers	transfer
the story then moves to the coastal town of NNP where NNP has brought NNP , al , the NNP support team , and NNP on a beach holiday .	1	3	VBZ	moves	move
i found no reliable sources to indicate that the son is RB notable .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
with these new animals , the total number of displays is now 51 animals .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
similarly , it 's probably appropriate to take all of the NNS to NNP , though , again , opinions are welcome .	19	20	VBP	are	is
if no such sources exist , NNP may not be notable enough for an article .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
important poets who wrote in this genre include NNP NNP and NNP NNP , both of the tang dynasty .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
the last track , `` house '' , features a dance ( NN ) influence and had the working title `` the massive attack song '' .	2	8	VBZ	features	feature
the station also has a major output of sport .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
a cylinder lock is a lock constructed with a cylinder that a NN can easily VB to facilitate NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many small NNS use silk NNS for NN , the popular , though technically inaccurate , scientific term for the dynamic NN in some cases , NNS may even use silk as a source of food .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
this category is for buildings and structures in the province of NNP , spain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN scale is the length scale on which objects or processes are of a size that is JJ and JJ .	9	12	VBP	are	is
the road serves the town of coffee city as well as the west shore of lake palestine , all in the eastern part of henderson county .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the nature of this activity presents various risks , including both physical danger and the possibility of arrest and punishment .	1	5	VBZ	presents	present
NNP 's problems are further complicated by NNP 's mistaken belief that his JJ reactions indicate that he is VBN with her , which in fact could not be further from the truth .	14	15	VBP	indicate	indicates
all the article says is that the subject VBZ from a political family , but it does n't say what he actually achieved ( not even whether he held a political office ) .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
young VBZ eat smaller sizes of the same prey that adults feed on .	10	11	VBP	feed	feeds
although primarily known for his ten stage works , the first of which NNP ( 2 ) premiered in NNP in 2000 , his principal compositions also include a secular NN and several song cycles .	25	27	VBP	include	includes
the area is one of the few NNS of the former western sector served by NNS ( lines NNP , NNP and 50 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the following table is based on different , JJ sources and NN NNS , whose values are of various quality and accuracy .	15	16	VBP	are	is
even moments of great NNS appear to be theatrical .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
the class ' extensive JJ rules VBP to ensure that the NNS , NNS and NNS of the racing NNS are near equal as possible .	11	20	VBP	are	is
later studies suggest that the NN produced by NNP ' is NN to the beetle .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
i do n't think there 's any bad intentions going on , but the article needs help and i fear it might spin off into an edit war unless we can get more JJ , sourced material within the body of the article .	14	15	VBZ	needs	need
citations , RB NNS , are also needed so that the article is verifiable .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
though the changes shown above are those made to the english-language version of the constitution , RB it is the irish text that takes NN .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the mayor is NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNP bass CD although with the band initially , he quit before the recording of the demo , leaving guitarist peter NNP to handle the bass tracks as well .	26	27	VBZ	tracks	track
this article is a ridiculous collection of trivia presented in the JJS way possible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the club have had 7 players win the award .	5	6	VBP	win	wins
the question is not whether NNP is worthy of note but if the history of internet NN is worthy of note .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wei NNP 's father dies as soldiers come to protect their emperor before wei NNP can kill him .	6	7	VBP	come	comes
he compared bones and muscles of human and JJ NNS , finding that humans have 3 muscles which are lacking in NNS .	13	14	VBP	have	has
the NNS are narrow and JJ lit .	1	2	VBP	are	is
that part VB , but my other point is still valid .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
his father is the professor and JJ NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is because its position on elevated ground provides clear views of the NNP valley from a strong JJ location .	4	8	VBZ	provides	provide
larger municipalities in the vicinity are NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
so when women or ethnic minorities succeed on merit alone this is not recognized and their success is attributed to reverse discrimination .	2	6	VBP	succeed	succeeds
SYM - the difference is that NNP map includes macedonia , and NNP map does not .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
like NNP 's characteristic works , they often express the baroque aesthetic of depicting dramatic attitudes and emotional expressions , yet NNP 's sculpture has a VBG NN in contrast to those of his rival .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
gallery CD CD on la NNP boulevard is NNP 's exhibition arm for contemporary art .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the stamp is scott catalog number CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fact above really makes this JJ .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make
nominated on the grounds that one good album article beats 8 song stubs , and maintenance ( such as sourcing , much needed ) will be easier .	8	9	VBZ	beats	beat
the original name is city college , affiliated institution of sheffield , and these two pages need to be merged under that title ( for more details you can check www .	15	16	VBP	need	needs
the breeding population of the lesser snow NNP VBZ 5 million birds , an increase of more than 300 percent since the NNS .	2	8	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
these venues host music , concerts , cultural NNS , art shows .	1	2	VBP	host	hosts
but the results derived from the classroom observations and participant NNS provide enough background for a further study .	2	11	VBP	provide	provides
the demand institute is a non-profit , JJ organization focused on helping business and government leaders understand how consumer demand is VBG and VBG around the world .	15	16	VBP	understand	understands
the name literally means `` located on the left bank '' .	1	3	VBZ	means	mean
NNP 's tomb is part of the NNP tomb complex .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that they make wild claims about NN and NN that they can not backup with NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if i recall correctly , NNP has been compared to a beaver , but i think that idea is now not quite accepted .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the second cave is in very good preservation and its NNS are divided into successive portions , RB round and square .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main use of a spring house is for the long-term storage of food that would otherwise VB , such as meat , fruit or dairy products .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the worst case scenario is that you pick all the NNS numbered 1 through 8 , and 9 NNS of each of the numbers 9 through 50 , when you take one more marble you are guaranteed to have 10 with the same number .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
carnival in the dominican republic is celebrated during the whole month of february , although some towns celebrate it during march , holy week and august .	16	17	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
NN `` NN '' NNS are a JJ way to view the area 's many NNS from high above .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the charity provides training courses across the uk , ranging from short workshops to JJ open college network ( NNP ) accredited courses .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the article says they are indigenous to .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
by contrast , the word ( ) appears some fifty times , and the NNP and english translations agree in understanding the word to mean `` virgin '' in almost every case .	17	18	VBP	agree	agrees
the school 's mascot is a warrior from the ancient greek province of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the chapel on the left contains the pit where pope NNP i , later VBN as a saint , was VBN .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the village has an JJ population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if the top is a JJ then it looks up in the NN table on the basis of this JJ and the symbol on the input stream which rule of the grammar it should use to replace it with on the stack .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i am not sure that the project is ready for that approach however - at least not yet .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
my autobiography , the black sheep dog , is almost ready for publication .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the battery features JJ , JJ storage areas for shells and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the island is part of the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
support comments , i fully agree with NN on all points .	1	5	VBP	agree	agrees
the film is now public domain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reason given for deletion is not a good one .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
modification of JJ mechanisms of central signal NN is another hypothesis .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
his statement strongly suggests his NN that the wikipedia policies and standards apply to him , therefore making him even more impossible to discuss with others for a `` consensus '' .	1	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NN , article has RB not been touched since far started beyond some vandalism .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the page reached ga status last week despite all the confrontation but the confrontation continues .	13	14	VBZ	continues	continue
guide NNS are usually the 3rd , 7th , or 9th notes of a given NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NN in the NN is any form of bias or discrimination that takes place in a work environment and is established , promoted , or allowed to VB by the NN authority .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the novel is part of her popular inspector NNP detective series , and VBZ themes such as NNS and domestic violence .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after the events of metal gear solid , he helped solid snake form NNP , a group whose main objective is to prevent NN of metal NNP weapons .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
juvenile birds are very similar to adults , but NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the highest peak of NNP is mt .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
most notable credits include the loop and allen gregory .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the school currently has eight houses , which play an important role in the pastoral programme at the school .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
big time rush in concert is the debut tour by american boy band , big time rush .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
each NNP product has distinctive coloured packaging - NNP is pink , NNP is yellow and NNP is purple .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the other airports are the NNP international airport , the NNP NNP airport , the NNP airport and the NNP international airport .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i try to log in , i get the message `` version is too old .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
the jail features a massive JJ corner tower .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the seeds have one pointed end , but the JJ orientation of the point in VBG did not seem to make a difference in NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
when a NN of NN strikes , humans find themselves on the run from JJ , JJ NNS .	7	8	VBP	find	finds
stage 5 of the NNP is the first stage of the 3rd series of the NNP ( or middle NNP ) .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
people living in the rural areas and JJ area are more vulnerable to NN since they are largely JJ and may not understand the effects of the NN .	0	9	VBP	are	is
i declined to speedy this as it does now have a JJ claim of notability , but i doubt this individual actually meets the bar of notability .	20	22	VBZ	meets	meet
many universities and non-profit organization succeed in a goal of public good , though few if any provide a democratic process of NN .	1	17	VBP	provide	provides
the quotes issue is a content dispute .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP RB ended in 1991 , however the policies VBP in the form of other programmes such as the national development policy .	9	10	VBP	persist	persists
comment NNP , as the long as the NN is clear , i think the JJ version is better .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
a character named elizabeth NNP also appears in NNP 's 2005 novel slow man .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
constructing NNP ( 1 ) VBG NN ( 1 ) NN tables are constructed in the same way as NNP ( 0 ) VBG tables with the modification that each item contains a JJ terminal .	30	31	VBZ	contains	contain
the province comprises only one municipality , santiago de NNP municipality .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the fictional planets in every other popular series have articles .	2	8	VBP	have	has
NNP kurt manufacturing company NNP the site is an active electronic component manufacturing facility .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
most people try to escape from danger by running outside .	1	2	VBP	try	tries
NNP la pass is under consideration to make the route functional throughout the year .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
research to date indicates that NNP can be recorded during the transition to sleep and then VBZ in NNP sleep .	0	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
SYM - tribe NNP ( part 4 ) the habitat consists of dry NN at NNS below 200 meters .	9	10	VBZ	consists	consist
the township contains NNP cemetery , harold cemetery , NNP cemetery and old union cemetery .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
no reliable third-party information is to be found anywhere regarding this JJ band .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this process is not the same as the process of decay of atomic VBN states ( atomic NN ) , where electrons are VBN and then VB radiation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the upper NN in both NNS has an obscure narrow curved white JJ band , the lower spots VBG it are well separated .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the NN is a NN with several clusters of flowers on branches .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the wild ancestors of this fish are native to the rice NNS of thailand , NNP , cambodia and vietnam and are called JJ ( lit .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the principal of west side school VBZ the best students from all four schools in hopes to train them into powerful warriors so they can fight against the enemy and restore peace to the world .	1	6	VBZ	gathers	gather
the artwork in the deck is original .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
further , corporations and NNS have the ability to manufacture JJ structures ( NNP ) that mine resources from NNS in a system and can also provide similar services to an NNP space station , such as ship NN and storage and goods manufacturing .	2	5	VBP	have	has
we could VB it by pointing out how JJ the combination of JJ NN and RB harsh NN is .	10	18	VBZ	is	are
the band VBZ their NN as NNP dies .	1	2	VBZ	expresses	express
his other awards include national NNP award ( 2009 ) , NNP VBD award ( 2009 ) , ma NNP NNP ( 2009 ) , NNP NNP award ( 2007 ) , NNP NNP ( 2004 ) , glory of india award amongst others .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the gene is RB expressed by NN JJ cells and memory t cells .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i can see how someone would say `` keep '' and as an admin , their decision is the law .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
amazon works with independent NNS for such items , and does not know when a precise item is available ; it only knows the average time it takes for the NN to supply an item it carries .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
a common practice in animation is to cast a woman to play the role of a young boy .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the rate is not dependent on the bank rate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the castle grounds include a VBG path through mixed forests of NN , NNS and trees , many of which are very old and identified by species .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
flowers are JJ or JJ , with the NNS VBP to the white or pink NN or NN NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
these birds feed on insects , and NNS , most often NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	feed	feeds
at a NN , it appears in the list of films about computers and list of NN films , the movies truly are about the subject matter .	20	22	VBP	are	is
the aim of traffic flow analysis is to create and implement a model which would enable vehicles to reach their destination in the JJS possible time using the maximum NN capacity .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
african oral culture has a rich JJ tradition .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these cards are able to be used in first edition gameplay , though some key words need to be changed to fit the first edition 's old rules and NN .	15	16	VBP	need	needs
similarly , the theory of JJ modules also requires special NNS when VBG NNS from the theory of JJ modules .	3	8	VBZ	requires	require
your response to me is immediately hostile and JJ .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the evidence of disputed NN is only a selection of his poor edits ; only one edit of george w .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
debate still exists on whether NNP was the first settlement on the island ; the first colony was founded between CD and CD , when a colony of NNP peoples , under the direction of NNP van der NNP , settled on the eastern coast .	0	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the NN of the particle follows the same sequence that metal NN yards apply to sort various types of material from each other via NN from a NN line .	12	13	VBP	apply	applies
but , point is , that he also has the interest in that topic - article NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main shopping center is NNP , while there 's also the NNP in NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this image shows NNP NNP character NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the profile of NNP 's NNP appears in the vermont coat of arms on the vermont flag .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the first documented use of the term in drum and bass is within a song featuring jungle producer and NN rebel NNP - `` rebel got this JJ NN the NNS '' .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
this JJ beer bears a light orange colour , and is the most JJ and JJS of the three .	2	3	VBZ	bears	bear
other than the cast , the show shows audience many scenes of JJ medical equipment in hospitals .	6	7	VBZ	shows	show
the neighborhood has three official parks , including NNP park .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a symphony is essentially JJ in nature , typically containing four JJ movements as part of a larger work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although her house is at the centre of the current property , it is largely JJ or altered as a result of later developments .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
yes , the solution happens to be the same as what i believe should occur at the article , but that does n't mean it 's not going to solve the conflict .	3	4	VBZ	happens	happen
as does have a nice decade , the tracks tend to be from the JJ artists who were JJ NNS , although music from the JJ artists of the era are also included .	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
its closest living relative is apparently the NNP frog ( NNP NN ) , type species of the highly JJ `` JJ genus '' NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this interpretation is very much accepted by the community , as you would see that it is a fairly common practice for fa grade articles , which are considered to be JJ good work on the wikipedia by community consensus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the beds are hard with a thin NN and a small NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the station building features a first NN of brick with JJ windows and a second NN of wooden VBN construction and a NN roof .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
because i understand the importance of wikipedia , i had been editing on NNS , but the demands on my time are such that they are now even VBG my sunday time .	17	21	VBP	are	is
what is usually agreed upon is that the air in the tube experiences mostly `` solid body rotation '' , which means the rotation rate ( JJ velocity ) of the inner gas is the same as that of the outer gas .	24	33	VBZ	is	are
when considering the near future , the system needs to change .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
this section is in length and was constructed using the new austrian NNP method as well as conventional methods .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the plan document has to allow for the automatic NN sum payment .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
continually removing content without NN or discussion is usually disruptive , especially if there is no legitimate reason to remove the content .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
according to its 2004 accounts , the party 's membership is formally `` limited to the two founders , jim crawford and richard NNP plus a very small number of supporters who are not actually members of the party .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a new jersey hurricane is a tropical cyclone originating in the atlantic ocean that affects the state of new jersey .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
today , NNS are an increasingly common sight where land is expensive , as in the centres of big cities , because they provide such a high ratio of JJ floor space per unit area of land .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the encounter with the manager NNP NNP changes the stream of NNP NNP 's career .	1	7	VBZ	changes	change
now VBN , the track is a NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it 's function seems to be to select random images for deletion IN they comply with the copyright rules or not .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the support for this article , as NNP says , comes from the doctor himself as well as numerous NNS with few edits outside this article .	1	10	VBZ	comes	come
through the safe harbor agreement , the recipient in the united states VBZ by statements to the relevant u .	7	12	VBZ	commits	commit
the song , featured on NNP 's show `` NNP in the morning , '' is currently available on itunes .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
the team plays in the israeli league , the top level of ice hockey in the country .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
yet one teenager 's science project at the southern NNP science and engineering fair , and a favorite of the fair 's coordinator , was a survey VBG that liberals roll over while conservatives roll under .	33	34	VBP	roll	rolls
the main title credits feature a NN doll RB revealing a doll looking more JJ than the previous , with the final doll being NN , an NN to winston churchill 's describing russia as `` a NN , VBN in a mystery , inside an NN .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
yeah , and also the main reason that israel is threatening to attack iran is because iran was threatening israel first ( such as by VBG terrorist attacks on israeli civilians and as NNP said , to set the destruction of israel as its goal ) .	6	14	VBZ	is	are
this article refers to the british conductor daniel NNP .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
the NNP parameters of the transmitted signal are exactly the same as those for system b which is used on the 7 .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the NN content of wood below the JJ NN point is a function of both relative NN and temperature of surrounding air .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
even if an individual has a permit to carry a pistol or NN , they can never carry , other than at a shooting range , a pistol that has an NNP loaded with more than 10 bullets .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
two exceptions are NNP and NNP links that may even be linked inline ( e .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in my field of work , a closed set is a set where each member is known - so you could count them all up if you wanted to .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP , the source addresses the band directly in detail , and describes their songs in detail .	3	4	VBZ	addresses	address
most recently the park and its grounds has RB a major NN , to restore it to its former glory .	3	7	VBZ	has	have
however , NNP VBZ that if these VBN JJ powers survive in the human race , there could also still be VBN in us a NN to VB the `` wild hunt '' of a race NN .	9	10	VBP	survive	survives
for aircraft , this type of trainer often has a complex terrain database , a JJ NN visual system and a high computer capacity , so that weapons work can be VBN , recorded , and NN .	4	8	VBZ	has	have
the story is a tribute to NNS sandy NNP and joey NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the recorded ( probable ) fact that these newspapers were printing a false story , which was later the attention of other newspapers is not .	6	24	VBZ	is	are
i do that for instance when the wiki page is a biography of an author , but the sources i found are book reviews , which would be more appropriate in a ( not yet JJ ) article for the book itself ; see mary NNP for instance .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a cotton mill is a factory that houses spinning and VBG machinery .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
further north , an interchange offers NNS an opportunity to join the duncan bypass , which VBZ NNP to the west .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
remember that when the NN pulse is on , the relay is closed ; when the NN pulse is off , the relay is closed too .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
typical NNP poets are NNP von NNP , NNP von NNP , friedrich NNP , NNP NNP , and wilhelm NNP , the last two of which have well-known musical settings by hugo wolf and franz NNP respectively .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this NN was followed by a new NN ( due to NNP NNP leaving the church to join the other group ) , which the church NN says was an order from god himself to NNP NNP .	26	27	VBZ	says	say
for majority judgment , the difficulty is different .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the point is that lake ontario is a JJ lake - wikipedia claims 14th largest in the world - and crossing it was close to the limits of human NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its listed companies include NNP pacific , NNP international holdings and JJ land .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the club 's date of formation is unknown , but the first match was played on 18 october 1879 against NNP NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN of NNP NN has CD eggs in every NN ; each NN contains a high number of nurse eggs .	13	14	VBZ	contains	contain
apple feels are JJ for use in a VBN NN ( exceptions , multiple inheritance , templates , JJ type information ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other well known NN advocates include william NNP , paul nelson , and jonathan wells .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
local stopping services by northern rail connect york to NNP , NNP , hull , leeds , sheffield and many intermediate points , as well as many other stations across greater manchester and lancashire .	2	6	VBP	connect	connects
SYM - NNS now open in both cities ( NNP .	2	4	VBP	open	opens
notability at wikipedia is established by direct coverage of the topic , not by its significance or relation with a different notable topic ( though that significance can be used as a JJ to determine if those sources are likely to exist ) .	37	38	VBP	are	is
construction on the mansion at NNP park begins .	0	7	VBZ	begins	begin
probably the most famous type is `` NNP de FW '' ( NNP de NNP ) , which is obtained from the NN of the NN of NNS , and is clear and NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the main purpose of the dam is to serve for irrigation and its NN potential has been ranked high ( 3 ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the three NN sources in the article are all i can easily find .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the organ is at the west end .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
laboratory experiments using NN models suggest that the NNS from m .	1	5	VBP	suggest	suggests
many authors like NNP believe that NNP VBD that , the NN of the existence of an object is in respect to the object itself , and its NN is in respect to what the object is not .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
the tag looks JJ without proper NN .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
NNP NNP family includes NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNP , and ground NNS .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
each NN has a single narrow , JJ NN at the center , VBN by a pair of much smaller NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the wedding goes RB , apart from the bad NNS of a NN VBG in the afternoon .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
a lightning strike causes the NN of pan am flight CD near NNP , maryland , killing 81 people .	2	3	VBZ	causes	cause
characters use various NN techniques to kill , VB , VB or control opponents by attacking their NN points with their bare hands or weapons .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
a NN light is a system of one or more electric light NNS ( usually traffic light colors ) used to allow silent NNS to be given to NNS and performers at various working locations during the running of a show .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i find that , although album releases tend to be well documented in third-party sources , little such information is available online concerning album NNP , e .	6	7	VBP	tend	tends
other concepts introduced in this book include the seven levels of motivation , the seven levels of identity , the seven levels of happiness , and the six modes of NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
examples include the old town hall in massachusetts , and NNP house in virginia .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
while almost all of the six described species are found in africa and nearby regions , one species is endemic to new NNP .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
some NNS also need more explanation .	1	3	VBP	need	needs
but the common feature of all the reports is the same .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
if that is the case , and the code already works , then that would address my primary concern with the broader proposal .	8	10	VBZ	works	work
NNP 's JJ NNS have sharp , pointed , JJ tips from which it VBZ NN .	3	4	VBP	have	has
its headquarters are in the town of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the name comes from an original land patent .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
christmas evil ( you better watch out ) 1980 a JJ killer spends the holiday VBG the NN as santa NNP .	11	12	VBZ	spends	spend
the female VBZ eggs on leaves of the NNP tree NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
this sculpture , ordered by the museum during the NNS , is probably the first life restoration of a NN showing accurate skin .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
one promising approach is the business model , but these are rarely VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
september 2008 ( utc ) '' he may be notable '' but the article fails the verifiability policy .	13	14	VBZ	fails	fail
since research skills are generic , it does n't really matter if a person does not have academic NNS in a particular subject area , they can still contribute .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when they are elderly , the years go by NN NN NN .	6	7	VBP	go	goes
the line crosses cottage street at grade and grove street below grade .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
sand in your NNP ( set at the beach ) , NNP ( set at the NN ) , ice NNP ( set in NNP itself ) , and NNP load ( set in the NN ) , and each individual stage consists of four different levels .	41	42	VBZ	consists	consist
the second point is that the excellent draft 7 most NNS have two NNS VBG material lacking .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
isbn CD according to NNP NN , arthur NNP quinn , the second self represents the NN .	13	14	VBZ	represents	represent
the mood in the camp NNS , as the nazi forces retreat in russia and the camp guards begin to treat their inmates with less NN .	17	18	VBP	begin	begins
the station is a part of the chennai railway division of the southern railway zone , one of the eight zones of the indian railways and is VBN as NNP for official purposes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his widow , NNP white , still lives in NNP along with two of his sons and their families .	1	7	VBZ	lives	live
NN 's most recent version ( NNP ) uses NNP version 17 .	4	8	VBZ	uses	use
the poetry center 's new building , designed by line and space , llc , makes the center 's entire collection of contemporary poetry fully accessible for the first time in decades .	5	15	VBZ	makes	make
those NNS whose JJ NNS are smaller than earth 's are NNP NNS ; the remaining ones are apollo NNS .	16	17	VBP	are	is
if anyone is willing to work with me on this , drop me a message on my talk page , because it seems i 'm flying blind into an area where NNS are high and the rules i usually work with do n't apply .	31	32	VBP	are	is
this holiday occurs on the 3rd monday in may .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
but VBG deleted page text is a bad idea for the reasons stated above .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the heating rate of JJ tissue is much slower than of muscle tissue .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's definition of poetry it becomes apparent that it is not a JJ NN of emotions , but a well thought out idea .	2	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the work also exists in a manuscript in NNP 's hand , now royal ms .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
a difficult year for the NNP in california opens with the city of san francisco train VBD for three days in heavy snow on NNP pass ; in july an earthquake hits NNP pass , closing the line over NNP loop from 21 july to 15 august .	2	8	VBZ	opens	open
the JJ building is the fourth tallest in the city .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the events player 1 is dealt ( 7 , k ) and player 2 is dealt ( 4 , q ) are JJ ( the occurrence of the second depends on the occurrence of the first , while the same deck is in use ) .	40	41	VBZ	is	are
the article has numerous references tags , and i believe certain sections such as the critical reception and development sections could be expanded to give a more JJ view of the entire film series .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a NN of NNP screens is their slow NN rate , especially at low temperatures .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
every graph is the line graph of some NN , but , given a fixed edge size k , not every graph is a line graph of some JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
non-notable bio has just enough assertion of notability to escape a speedy .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
after latin america , the JJ sending region is asia .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the way a player uses items is also relatively the same as in the first game .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
police informed later that this interpretation is probably the right one , and supports the preliminary notes made by the university of helsinki 's JJ archaeological team during the NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
his son adam is currently a reserve defensive back for the ohio state football team .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
upon graduating from florida state with a bachelor 's degree in physical education in 1957 and a master 's degree in administration and supervision in 1958 , NNP became the NNS coach at maryland under his former NNP coach tommy NNP .	30	31	VBP	coach	coaches
in some countries , academic freedom varies on certain topics , and certain NNS are JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
in a NN NNP sings with passion ; tears begin to fill her eyes as she finishes .	8	9	VBP	begin	begins
usually , the best location for this template is in an infobox about the company , such as , at the top of the article , if one exists .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
another factor in NN removal is the fact that VBZ can sometimes comprise two separate VBG agents , which require separate forms of removal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i appreciate many editors are JJ of NN NN , but NN NN would be just as bad .	3	4	VBP	are	is
embedded systems now often include a user interface and their designers are as much concerned with issues affecting NN and user NN as their counterparts who focus on business applications .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
created in 2004 , the association has its administrative offices at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
these were times of great conflict , and the upper platform appears to have VBN as a NN NN ( JJ temple ) to bring success in war .	10	11	VBZ	appears	appear
for species encountered early in the game , the NNS are simple , but as the game VBZ , VBZ become increasingly difficult .	16	17	VBZ	progresses	progress
which is why race is so JJ a concept .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the altitude varies from CD ( NNP ) to CD ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
as a member of the national NNP ' league , i think it 's great that the organization has a page on wikipedia .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
if the number of examples in an article becomes too long , consider VBG them , or creating a separate list at the bottom of the article .	2	8	VBZ	becomes	become
NNS alumni coach eddie johnston later stated that his NN plan consisted of having mario NNP , ron francis , larry murphy , paul NNP and bryan NNP participating in that order .	1	2	VBP	coach	coaches
the immediate area is also the site of a state mental hospital and the tennessee school for the blind .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
star trek is encyclopedic as many , many internet discussions seem to suggest 24 .	9	10	VBP	seem	seems
as such , many manufacturers make heated NNS , NNS , socks , and boot NNS , and they can be purchased at workers ' supply stores ( serving construction workers ) and motor sports stores .	4	5	VBP	make	makes
the objective is simply to see whether the student has learned the material .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is easy to describe the general differences between male and female bodies because men are generally JJR and have NNS and women generally have NNS , and so on .	14	15	VBP	are	is
i mean a NN is a particle and it does n't makes sense for it to just go NN !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the property is part of the houses houses of mississippi river men NNP resource , which covers the homes of men from NNP who worked on the mississippi river as NN NNS , pilots , NNS and owners .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though the play itself is RB religious , this social aspect often draws in people from JJ segments of the community as well .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the hamlet has no church but is part of the NNP NNP that also includes NNP , NNP st .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the title refers to a favorite expression of his , said in reference to things he approved of or situations he was happy about .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
a request for deletion by the subject of a biographical article is not JJ but where , as here , there is no clear consensus to keep , it may be taken into account .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
bullet holes remain in the NN of the hotel entrance NN to this day .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
not RB significant coverage , but i think the article picks up enough sourcing to merit inclusion .	9	10	VBZ	picks	pick
the film contains some rare footage , including from the NNP family home videos and on film sets , and clips from fear and desire - NNP 's first JJ film .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
i bring this here , as the situation seems too complex for the NNP article NN to deal with - or at least , finding anyone willing to wade into that mess is next to impossible .	7	8	VBZ	seems	seem
the objective is to VB the lower atmosphere and the NN , opening the possibilities for the development of several scientific activities VBG these new radio NN data sets .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most of the stories take place in smith 's future history set in the universe of the NNP of NNP ; the collection is arranged in the JJ order in which the stories take place in the fictional timeline .	32	33	VBP	take	takes
these letters `` are JJ with information about JJ life in early CD households of the NNP valley .	1	3	VBP	are	is
in the northeast the JJ NNP NN fault VBZ the NN from rocks of the upper NNP unit .	7	8	VBZ	separates	separate
the dream is also a warning , VBG an JJ murder and holds several NNS to his murder of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the president of the organization since its founding is richard NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN suit is an RB popular NN costume on television series .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his books include the paradise trilogy which consists of mystery of the past , broken chronicles , ( which have sold an estimated CD thousand copies in his native russia ) , the upcoming world behind the horizon and the unrelated door to the NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
hence , a living lab rather constitutes an JJ environment , which could be compared to the concept of JJ learning , where users are VBN in a creative social space for designing and VBG their own future .	4	6	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
the book contains among others new definitions of JJ balls and NNS independent of metric , a new definition of JJ NNS and many algorithms useful for image analysis .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
if the challenge is JJ , the challenged player is eliminated , but if the challenge is rejected , the challenger is instead eliminated .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ benefit is not a recent innovation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the end of the shaft usually has a square hole made to fit certain JJ NN bits or a simple JJ bit made to cut while rotating in both directions .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
i have stated my case for why i believe the references are valid on the discussion page .	10	11	VBP	are	is
another consideration is the independence of the events .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two criticisms are that ( 1 ) the `` cluster '' of impact ages could be an NN of VBG a single basin 's NN , and ( 2 ) that the lack of impact NN rocks older than about 4 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the best solution is to VB trivia stuff into the article , if it 's meaningful .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
dry NN systems add cost and complexity , however .	2	3	VBP	add	adds
the violin was created because man is able to sing also with it .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
schools in NNP mann include NNP elementary and the martin luther king , jr .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
besides its JJ english , its main function appears to be a NN to someone 's website .	7	8	VBZ	appears	appear
a climbing route is a path by which a NN reaches the top of a mountain , rock , or ice wall .	9	10	VBZ	reaches	reach
the road runs from raymond to nottingham .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the JJ threshold is generally applied solely to VBN prime time programming , since NNS and NNS are the most prevalent in syndicated NNS .	14	17	VBP	are	is
school legend has it that baseball 's NN 's mask was invented in 1875 by a st .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
malaysian authorities break up a mass gathering of NNP muslims , VBG four .	1	2	VBP	break	breaks
related terms include NN , which is a bed of low NN along an NN , and VB ( or NN ) , which is a solid , JJ area underlying or VBG an NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
now , a european branch at long NNP in NNP in the uk sells a range of NNS .	4	13	VBZ	sells	sell
spa problems as they seem to plague here also .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
the site is on what is now known as NNP island .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the solution to this problem is for NNP to VB his interests , not to stop editing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this option gives a 96 hour break every 9th day , which is JJ to the conventional weekend on two of nine weekends , with a third weekend providing a break that starts on saturday morning .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
these RB clear JJ NNS are about 0 .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the river flows generally south then northeast by east , joined by two minor NNS , before reaching its confluence with the NNP river approximately south of NNP , in the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
in the initial episodes , he never displayed any special moves , however , when his evil side appears , it is revealed to possess powers of his own .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear
the film gradually follows the NNP back along its course , VBG further into the NNP mountains , and VBG some of the JJ sources of the NNP , and most holy pilgrimage centres along the way .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
the solution to NNP ' problem of RB VBN NNS for values of p greater than four is also of interest .	1	17	VBZ	is	are
the central theme of eden 's developing artistic NNS places the novel in the tradition of the NNP , in which is VBN the formation and development of an artist .	2	9	VBZ	places	place
NNS however continue to VB prices such as 9 .	0	2	VBP	continue	continues
article VBZ no notability for the comic , nor was i able to find any .	0	1	VBZ	asserts	assert
the college has a rich tradition of combining academic with JJ activities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most important festival , the NNS of saint john ( NNP de NNP joan ) , takes place during the summer NN .	3	17	VBZ	takes	take
the 4th level of each system has a boss robot instead of the reactor .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the tradition would that VB has been play at NN , but today the bell player usually works in a factory , so plays at evening .	15	17	VBZ	works	work
abbey 's native language is JJ and though she can understand english fairly well , she has difficulty VBG slang terms .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i see the other two authors are now inactive .	5	6	VBP	are	is
anderson was pleased that his character has the option of returning in the future .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
while these edits are reverts and do have VBG edits , those edits are not substantial content edits .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this competition takes place every 2 or 3 years period .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
although , therefore , a relationship of trust exists , it is JJ whether bob would VB bill his brand new NNP NNP to drive across the NNP .	5	8	VBZ	exists	exist
major NNS of the nash fork include gold run creek and silver run creek both of which enter from the south .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
this image is the official logo of the company in question and is used to illustrate an article on that company for the purpose of identification .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nonetheless , today the tertiary sector of the economy ( the service sector ) is the largest , with CD , 000 workers out of a regional total of 1 , CD , 000 ( as of 2002 ) .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's sixth novel , NNP city , about the JJ consequences a financial journalist faces when he attempts to recover a stolen NN , was a barry award finalist and an anthony award winner .	14	15	VBZ	faces	face
a still larger field in the same district is that called NNP , which extends over and has an estimated capacity of 9 , 000 million tons .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
i have explained on talk that per the page isbn each isbn code identifies the actual publisher .	12	13	VBZ	identifies	identify
the purpose of these NNS is to provide the NNS with the most complete and relevant information they need to make a proper decision .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
an active directory site object represents a collection of internet protocol ( ip ) VBZ , usually VBG a physical local area network ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
the house is VBN on the north by a JJ building ; the south elevation is JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a typical episode consists of 5 or 6 rounds .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the band comprises his brother NNP NNP ( double bass ) , NNP NNP ( piano ) and NNP NNP ( drums ) .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the problem is of course that you would need editor consensus and most editors are technically JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
as my question is specifically about blp policy i would ask to have the comment from here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the way players speed up and slow down is also more natural , while NNS display elements of JJ motion .	14	15	VBP	display	displays
construction equipment engines also use this .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
his previous clubs include NNP , NNP athens , NNP NNP , ac NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
all regions include their own affiliated junior leagues .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
it , quite clearly , implies that a group is behind the account , even if just a single individual actually uses it .	19	21	VBZ	uses	use
NNP NNS typically range in weight from .	1	3	VBP	range	ranges
the intent is for this base of behavioral knowledge to ultimately make specific information more JJ for specific online audience segments .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the largest newspaper in the third most JJ city in the country is pretty much a national newspaper in the context that most major NNS around the country will carry it .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the club has teams in both men 's and women 's competitions .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the artwork is the same for the actual release .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the scenes are quick and they 're JJ , but with a NN , JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP 's NN theorem also follows from NNP 's proof using NNP flow of the more general NNP NN NN .	3	5	VBZ	follows	follow
major attractions in the area include NNP gate stadium , the home of professional football team bristol city f .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
our organization is not against anybody .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song played in the senator 's house is `` NNP '' by massive attack .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP exercises are a series of voluntary NNS of all the NN muscles .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the most common mode of motion is simple NNS in which lateral NN is VBN from head to tail .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the friends return to their seats with senator NNP , to watch the remainder of the races .	1	2	VBP	return	returns
the company also has NNS in ireland , that trade as either `` NNP NNP '' , `` NNP '' , with one single branch trading as NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
some bacteria release NNS which VBP to the JJ wall and cause NN ; others damage the NNS themselves by their direct presence .	1	2	VBP	release	releases
band is a guideline , and this group is closer to meeting the guidelines than not .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the origin of this structure is not yet well understood by NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in its way full protection is actually more fair because nobody but admins can edit through it and the vast majority of admins know better than to edit through full protection except to correct obvious errors such as NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are excellent and the article is near perfect !	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's charge , however , that the pope had any part in the NN with the NNP of NNP is probably false .	2	20	VBZ	is	are
the sides consist of 1 NN , and 4 JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
the death toll from the earthquake in new zealand rises to CD and there is great concern about 200 more people missing .	2	9	VBZ	rises	rise
winters are long and tend to be both dry and cold .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP , and that this position of NNS is a stance that you have taken across several articles .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
one historian says 2 , 000 austrian were captured .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
his brother , drew NNP , plays for the colorado NNPS .	1	6	VBZ	plays	play
most of this material would be ok in a shorter main NN article , but the size of the article means splitting is justified .	16	20	VBZ	means	mean
the story starts off with NNP NNP accidentally losing a child .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the suggestion of the current NNP NN is that the NNP is very old method .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the history of path , originally known as the hudson and manhattan railroad , VBZ the first underground line of the new york city subway ( the NNP ) .	1	14	VBZ	predates	predate
power requests prevent the computer from automatically VBG off the display or entering a JJ sleep mode .	1	2	VBP	prevent	prevents
the city operates a free bus service known as east chicago transit .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
but the column also included two JJ NNP battalions ( NNS de JJ NNP and NNP ) and the 1st foreign legion battalion ( NNP NNP ) , and the presence of legion and NNP units at son NNP was a NN of things to come .	10	11	VBP	de	des
comment this is incorrect , music can not simply be posted on itunes , it needs to be sent to a distribution NN like www .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the JJ NNP method is a JJ NN , unlike the standard method .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a flash of light is a 1910 short silent drama film directed by d .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
its name refers to the peninsula of NNP in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
about a third of its 24 , 000 students are foreign students , from fifty countries .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this box contains a list of the categories the page belongs to , in the order in which the category NNS appear in the processed NN .	20	21	VBP	appear	appears
a pioneering virtual or web museum is the web museum , paris created by nicholas NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are initially JJ in color before developing JJ spots .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the royal NNS of NNP are a group of NN structures built by the NNP people between the JJ and late 19th centuries .	2	5	VBP	are	is
for NNP words , the NNP NNP edition uses the dental JJ s ( NNP , NNP ) instead of the JJ JJ NN ( NNP , NNP ) in the corresponding NNP form RB , only at places where the replacement does not result in a JJ NN .	7	8	VBZ	uses	use
the link that they are reverting to is n't exact , because it is difficult to determine exactly which edit is being RB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP say `` ma NN NN NN '' which means a woman has no NN .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
examples are the JJ attempts of germany to resume control of french ( but NNP ) NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
vice city stories , the eastern island is JJ during the first half of the game due to another hurricane warning .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the base of the shell is well rounded , RB JJ , and marked like the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the dispute documented above is n't a month old , it is n't six months old , it 's years old , and olive was part of the group warned and VBD at arbcom for this conduct .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
as for controlling my NN and interests , considering that i never VBD my admin tools , even through i had people RB try to VB my articles just to hurt them for NNP purposes , it has been shown that i can control myself .	21	23	VBP	try	tries
notable pilots of the CD include top scoring NNP NNS major george NNP and col .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
this position VBZ that the iraq deployment offers a constitutional model for future overseas deployment in NN of article 9 .	1	2	VBZ	asserts	assert
today this district includes the regina NNS of NNP , NNP west , regent park , NNP , mccarthy park , and walsh acres .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
NN supports offering school choice options such as charter schools , JJ programs for public and private schools , and NN as an alternative to VBG that students continue to attend JJ schools in the traditional public school system .	27	28	VBP	continue	continues
a memorial stone in the floor , with a latin inscription , marks the spot .	2	12	VBZ	marks	mark
NNP 's realm , NNP , on the NNP plane of water , while 1st edition sources say he lives on the NNP .	16	17	VBP	say	says
a sphere comes down from the top left corner VBG the below surface being VBN through a NN sphere .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
transportation and college bus facility is available for non NN students .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i think another relevant article is religious conversion .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the best moments here are when NNP lets her hair down .	2	4	VBP	are	is
affiliate networks that already have several NNS typically also have a large pool of publishers .	1	9	VBP	have	has
her major NN efforts include the NN of two preservation and conservation laboratories at the new york public library and at new york university , where she also funds a series of business lectures in honor of her father , joseph i .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the arena is home to the NNP monsters tier ii jr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN , JJ , green eggs are oval , being about .	5	6	VBP	are	is
one particular year the corn crop fails and the people of NNP turn to prayer in an attempt to ensure a successful harvest .	5	6	VBZ	fails	fail
the advantage of the shoulder NN design is that it makes the NN more comfortable to wear ; a neck NN can slightly VB ease of movement .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in general , the JJ NNS of NNS lack almost all NN activity , and half of the possible 8 NNS of the NNS ( those with CD NN at the JJ junction ) also lack NN activity .	8	35	VBZ	lack	lacks
reviewers like NNP and NNP have 2 out of 5 and declared it a NN , the users NNP , NNP and NNP are VBG the article by VBG incredible reviewers like NNP on the top .	0	5	VBP	have	has
indeed , NNP , the most difficult thing is to use your head and think for yourself , when there is not NNP to tell you what to think .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
on arrival they find that NNP 's father , NNP hyde , is missing , and her mother ( herman 's sister ) NNP hyde is in a NN .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
plans intend to expand NNP NNP road station in the future , to act as an interchange station between the west rail main line and the northern link extension .	0	1	VBP	intend	intends
the situation is similar in other parts of the world according to a late 2010 state of the industry survey conducted by NNP , which found that many prestigious universities with executive education programs around the world expect notably higher enrollment during 2011 .	29	37	VBP	expect	expects
in most species , the initial phase is JJ red , brown or grey , while the terminal phase is RB green or blue with bright pink or yellow NNS .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the museum runs monthly evening illustrated talks , summer activities for families , guided NN walks , guided trips through the NNP tunnel and NNP events .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the NNP 's navigation array and VB buttons take NNS from the NNP NNP , but instead of metal , the controls are covered in a JJ material similar to the phone 's exterior covering .	7	8	VBP	take	takes
for example , if it is known that the n objects are NNS from the range [ 1 .	10	11	VBP	are	is
by convention , months of 30 days and 29 days succeed each other , adding up over two successive months to 59 full days .	3	10	VBP	succeed	succeeds
change since this is an JJ title ; all summer long ( song ) currently points to the NN page all summer long .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
in lines JJ , the speaker VBZ his time of life to autumn .	5	6	VBZ	compares	compare
because focus depends on the distance between lens and the sensor or film plane , focus in the space in front of the camera is not on a point but rather on a plane parallel to the film plane .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
as image is abstract an JJ to article subject , claim is JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article provides a useful account of historical events , with detailed information on NN methods and tactics , as well as real life responses to them from a major community based web site .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the life of hank williams continues its JJ spiral .	1	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the county maintains many miles of bike trails running through parks , adjacent to roads and through towns such as vienna and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the film ends with stalin VBG all peace and happiness .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
delete the article as wikipedia is not a NN of images , but VBZ the images themselves to commons per NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
some parts of this proposal are just bizarre .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the desired outcome from my perspective is for NNP to work with a mentor in choosing articles to review .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one example is the entirely custom experience found in second life , where a player may create nearly anything they can imagine , although most users purchase the more JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was a kids ' game show that had two opposing teams compete in a variety of physical challenges to gain the most points .	11	12	VBP	compete	competes
other NNP 's NNP modifications include NNS that have been extended or VBN to form a new shape .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the symbolic dimension is the culture of the human being .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the case of california black oak woodland , common JJ associate species include western JJ , NN and coastal wood NN .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
partially depth VBG systems are part way between the fixed ratio and the depth VBG systems .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this album features a single forty minutes track of mostly instrumental NNS VBN music .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NNS are relevant , but not proof .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the problem is the NN , meaning that we have to choose where to merge .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in many wine regions , JJ workers are a JJ composition of the harvest time work force as well as local student and JJ workers .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the risk is greater during pregnancy and in NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if there is ( or would be ) an active discussion over whether an image is relevant to a specific article , VBG that image for deletion is likely to be perceived as a NN and disruptive action .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
if the vessel fails , it will normally go through a VBG process marking the cylinder as NN .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
all NNS which are captured with satellites , NNS or other flying platforms are originally NNP ( like NNP or the NNP NNP ) .	1	13	VBP	are	is
its history runs far and deep , as do the stories , the rumors , and the legends '' .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
in these cases , problems resulting from management NN are of such NN that some type of administrative action may need to be initiated , including the replacement of management , in order to restore safe and sound operations .	4	9	VBP	are	is
shortly before the halt at NNP the railway reaches the NNP and follows it along the JJ valley to its terminal station in the JJ state spa town of bad NNP .	7	8	VBZ	reaches	reach
the army VBZ tanks , NNS , NNS and buildings under the orders of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	destroys	destroy
the protein encoded by this gene is similar to the chicken and mouse NNP genes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
capital is the most important of factors , or one should say as important as labor .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
in the event that the answer to both questions is `` yes '' , for now i 'll VB from VBG the identity of the editor in question .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS family but merely VBZ us not to trust everything we see .	1	4	VBZ	warns	warn
although many people have contributed to the source code since the start of the project , the majority of the NNP code base remains authored by NNP NNP , who continues as the head developer of the software .	17	23	VBZ	remains	remain
and i did remove the prod tag , because the speedy deletion template tells you ( as the author ) to do so if you disagree with the speedy deletion .	12	13	VBZ	tells	tell
the main branches of NNP NN are NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the JJ musical number is a NN of songs performed in NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he stated , `` the fact of mental set is primary in all conscious activity .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
a properly made JJ ice product rarely requires a NN , since the NNS are in the ice and not at the bottom of the cup .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the most reliable source the article cites is a youtube video , google does n't give anything better , and this seems like pure VBG anyway .	5	6	VBZ	cites	cite
when scripts break , they usually take along all of the other scripts you have installed .	1	2	VBP	break	breaks
besides a review of NNS , NNP NNS also teach basic computer skills , discuss study strategies , and provide information about campus resources .	7	9	VBP	teach	teaches
at low frequencies the jet sphere is JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the dead NNP , the game continues the story of titular hero NNP NNP .	5	6	VBZ	continues	continue
in this way , the quality and NN of abc NN can be assessed in a controlled setting , by VBG how well the chosen abc NN method VBZ the true parameter values , and also models if multiple RB different models are considered simultaneously .	27	28	VBZ	recovers	recover
it spans and the NN for shipping is 23 meters above NNP astronomical tide , above chart NN .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
this category is for toys that are used in water or require water for their use .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a fishing lodge was opened , and many tourists come to see the abundant wildlife , including black bears , NNP NNP , gray wolves , and eagles .	8	9	VBP	come	comes
JJ architecture is JJ by the relatively plain layout often VBN with NNS on the NNS or decorative NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of his story , noted JJ ken burns said , `` the story of joseph medicine crow is something i 've wanted to tell for 20 years .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
this book is a carefully selected compilation of words and prayers of the author , compiled by anthony f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the screenplay is by jane NNP and jack lewis ( screenwriter ) , based on a story by lewis .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in NNP all verb forms are independent of person ( 1st , 2nd or 3rd persons ) and number ( singular or plural ) .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the player has an infinite amount of time to complete each puzzle , and they have access to an JJ NN NN function to aid them in solving each puzzle .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when NNP makes of the bird a present to a sick neighbor ( angela ) , the bird flies away .	17	18	VBZ	flies	fly
resolution is sufficient since the image is simple .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the biggest success of the club is 12th place in the b NNP during season CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i am not trying to get it featured , but i just mainly want to see if translations are right .	17	18	VBP	are	is
a natural proof is a proof that VBZ that a certain language lies outside of c and refers to a natural property that is useful against c .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
decommissioned in 1901 , the castle is now a museum , the NNP NNP di NNP NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
an industrial process has an it grade associated with , indicating how precise it is .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
keep any earthquake in a populated area NN has caused damage is significant enough for the article to be kept .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the happy master truly sets the slave free , and the brothers decide that the first NNP shall go to live with his twin in syracuse .	2	4	VBZ	sets	set
just like essay writing , judges give scores , then average them , and VB winners .	5	6	VBP	give	gives
JJ compositions of NNP NNP are far more common than NNP and are greater understood by composers .	1	5	VBP	are	is
today , american film studios collectively generate several hundred movies every year , making the united states the third most prolific producer of films in the world , after indian cinema ( tamil cinema , telugu cinema , hindi cinema , etc .	4	6	VBP	generate	generates
the article seems to have been written by a person angry at the NN of the NN and is written in a very JJ tone .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
in western pennsylvania , large JJ coal fields exist in rocks with a similar age as the rocks in the JJ region .	7	8	VBP	exist	exists
at present , the faculty has five such extension centres in chennai , NNP , NNP , NNP ( NNP ) and NNP .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
a couple get a divorce after it turns out the wife is a lesbian and the husband turns out to be gay .	16	17	VBZ	turns	turn
another example is NN , which can VB RB into NNS or cut the NNS depending on the concentration of calcium NNS in the surrounding medium .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP system thus uses a `` strange '' combination of JJ years from indian calendar in combination with the NNP cycle intended for tropical years , VBG NN NNS to VB the differences .	2	4	VBZ	uses	use
the name is from a japanese NN meaning roughly `` NN '' , or `` how odd '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , and consider just how many wikipedia articles do exactly that .	8	9	VBP	do	does
the argentine government source claims that under NNP , britain VBD sovereignty ( but as i supplied him that source from sovereignty of the NNP islands and it presents the argentine claim that is not surprising ) .	3	4	VBZ	claims	claim
the archaeological record reveals that native peoples have been in this area of the coastal plain of virginia since the early NNP period , around CD bc .	2	3	VBZ	reveals	reveal
as the guide shows NNP the control room , he explains that any rise in temperature could be dangerous .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
teams are drawn so the best team plays the worst , the NN plays the JJ , and so on .	6	7	VBZ	plays	play
the fourth part ( articles JJ ) comprises special , final and JJ provisions .	2	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the original brick walls of NNP are approximately high with a JJ portion VBG above 25 feet .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the length of the NNS is JJ mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i think the picture is not only technically good , but also encyclopedic and artistic to a high degree .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
no one editor is JJ to the project , and if the discussed topic ban is enacted and the user all but NNS editing ( i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the old building has since been demolished and NN and site work is currently underway including the construction of two new NN fields .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
english prose version reads clearly and VB .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
i still VBP that his closing summary is misleading and biased , something that he refused to let me address on the record .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
while international students are welcome , the language of instruction at NNP is spanish .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
their musical influences listed include the NNPS , NNP , and metric .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
the second table gives more information than the first .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
these developments are potentially relevant to genetic monitoring category ii .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a surviving letter of NNP commands both of them to provide answers to these allegations before the tribunal of the NN NNP and NNP .	2	5	VBZ	commands	command
throughout the cartoon , the sound effects for the jet cage 's engines are more appropriate to a JJ aircraft , and so is the terminology NNP uses when he reads RB from the pilot 's manual .	6	13	VBP	are	is
the district includes examples of greek revival , NNP , and queen anne architecture .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the head is a pattern that can be matched against the argument , which must be a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
toronto 's director of NN services VBZ the charge of JJ saying that NNP house and the city `` work closely with toronto police services to address the issue of drug NNS who may prey on the men that use the NNP house program .	2	6	VBZ	rejects	reject
i do not understand why , right from the start , the article attempts to VB the importance of this phenomenon in JJ architecture by stating repeatedly that the churches are not NNS .	12	13	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the documentary shows clips of him with various famous people he interviewed on his show , along with comments by those that knew him .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
in addition to historic richmond town , the society owns and operates the NNP farm ( the last privately owned working farm in new york city ) , the JJ house and the judge jacob NNP house .	8	9	VBZ	owns	own
VBG that NNP will destroy the galaxy , the robot asks NNP to help him find the famous NN captain NNP , in an effort to stop NNP .	9	10	VBZ	asks	ask
hi folks , i 've been VBG recently , in various places ( not just on wikipedia ) , that some people seem to be using ( or not using ) NN in sentence lists differently then how i 've always been taught .	21	22	VBP	seem	seems
the foreign relations of sudan are generally in line with the muslim arab world , but are also based on sudan 's economic ties with the people 's republic of china and western europe .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the topics that deal with taiwan are frequently subjects of disagreement due to the various NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
NNP has also stated that his main concern as a performer , who is also a legitimate composer , is to present his own original music parallel to the traditions of the generations before him .	7	19	VBZ	is	are
the lake is on the far east side of the township .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( voiced by NNP NNP ) - the NNP war prophet appears as an JJ girl , that has NNS of the future ( usually bad ) once in a while , which are rarely believed .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
the JJ meaning of the words `` NNP '' and `` NNP '' in english is `` church NN '' .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the only blue link is the only page the template is used on so it is essentially just being used to link to itself .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
since you are registered and the picture is under a free license , that is the best place for it .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the only source it cites ( and apparently stems from ) is a character 's NN in the NNP ( film ) .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
national public radio is the nation 's primary public radio network , but most radio stations are commercial and JJ .	15	16	VBP	are	is
us as the current administration has .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
an alternative NN , the conservative JJ movement is open to people of all parties or none .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
as players continue to compete in more games in tournament mode or match play , they will gain more experience points and move up in rank .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
ref dates are at least mostly day month year ; verify that no more month day , year or iso style dates have VBN in ( i changed one ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a room within a room ( NNP ) is one method of VBG sound and preventing it from VBG to the outside world where it may be JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
now set in CD on NNP , this story is about passion , destiny and NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the argument in the nomination that NN with a category VBZ deletion is RB VBN .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
although it has JJ and JJ origins , the church was rebuilt from a ruined state in the late 19th century and extended substantially in the 1960s , and little trace remains of the ancient building .	30	31	VBZ	remains	remain
the goal of this wikiproject is to improve the quality and quantity of information about computing technology available on wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the album 's cover artwork is a NN of the great NNP of NNP , the NN of evil mentioned in the book of revelation in the bible .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i think that people who want this information merged or kept should have to , at the very least , explain why this information is more important than other , similar lists .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
a medieval history describes the NNP community as a caste that makes its living from music .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
both sets of NN stands offer NNS stands and NNS , but away stands have only two ticket windows , while the home stands operate a total of four .	1	5	VBP	offer	offers
a final clause is a reply to a question containing the question word NN or what for ( sometimes also why ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this NN is more substantial than the first , although the older cape probably became a residence in due time for the oldest son , jonathan NNP ii .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of the section between NNP and NNP is the highest priority and would also allow for shorter travel times , as electric vehicles have significant advantages on the NN VBD track .	24	25	VBP	have	has
this page also includes information about NNP candidates who contested NNS between 2000 and 2004 .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the NN game follows a narrative story with objectives based on the NNP adventure game .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
islam page , though his actions on other pages deserve to be noted as well .	5	9	VBP	deserve	deserves
on weekends , the station carries talk shows including mike NNP , NNP on wall street , clark howard , bill NNP , NNP on the law , NNP , point of view , today 's NNP with danny NNP , and free talk live .	4	5	VBZ	carries	carry
the protestant principle of NNP JJ states that no matter what a person 's action , salvation comes through faith alone .	14	17	VBZ	comes	come
the benefit of this NN comes from the fact that in the regulatory accounts there is no value VBN to future profits - which means the liability to VB the NN is made from a series of payments which are deemed to be zero .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
strong keep the template is for types of buses , this list contains models of buses , something completely different .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS often have other jobs outside the university to supplement their wages .	0	2	VBP	have	has
a short message service center ( NNP ) is a network element in the mobile telephone network .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
this example is of course put forward by the same person who elsewhere VBZ me of including material RB , and not VBG a reliable source .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her ancestors were one of the first pioneer families of north georgia , and her family still lives on the land they purchased from the cherokee in CD .	15	17	VBZ	lives	live
currently , the trustees are jane NNP , ruth NNP , NNP NNP , hugh NNP , david NNP , phil richardson and NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
pressure control ( pc ) is a mode of mechanical NN alone and a variable within other modes of mechanical NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP , reading the article it is with surprise that i find that a lot of the text and the information on sources comes from information i had given you before .	16	25	VBZ	comes	come
satellites using NNP include NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
keep and NNP - the current article is NN science , but as pointed out above , the term does have some use in real research .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the meat used is usually a young and small VBD lamb to enhance the taste further .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
if you object to the policy , the appropriate response is to debate whether the policy should be changed , in the appropriate venues for such a discussion ( i .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this revert of NNP 's is an identical change to NNP 's previous edit but makes one small NN for one of the issues raised , the rest are still JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the route crosses under tracks owned by NNP transportation .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
today , the club has a strong rugby school with two junior teams that are already able to VB players into the senior side .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
gabriel 's memoirs provide a detailed account of the private day to day lives of members of the NNP family and have been sourced for many contemporary biographies on the russian imperial family .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
NNP , with the hope that we can have confirmation ( or otherwise ) that the two places are one and the same .	17	18	VBP	are	is
according to the 2000 census , population of the district is 52 , CD of which 24 , CD live in the town of NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
this phrase is obviously a complete NN and it would be original research to have an article of this name until it is verified by a reliable third party source .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
any time a player has an JJ reaction to an event , it is a NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NNP circle is one of the famous spots where people can get many JJ NNS , like south indian , north indian , chinese and so on .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the elephant conservation strategy of the department of wildlife conservation aims at VBG as many viable populations as possible in as wide a range of suitable habitats as is JJ .	3	10	VBZ	aims	aim
this was denied the next day by an nbc representative who stated that the show `` is JJ at this point '' and that rather than a NN , it is more likely that the show 's time slot will change .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
however , it 's important to remember that checkuser is not , as david likes to say , `` magic wiki NN dust '' ; the technical evidence only helps to confirm or deny what is already believed .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the institute currently has three departments and two independent junior research groups .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
JJ NNS NNP 's poetic spirit ; NNP VBZ NNP 's JJ attitude , and VBZ the VBG way in which the doctors treat her .	22	23	VBP	treat	treats
in any case , your claim above indicates an apparent lack of understanding of the situation .	5	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
account NN information is no longer stored in the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
her JJ technique is in the style of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most natural NNS experience NN at a rate that makes a `` NN '' community JJ .	2	3	VBP	experience	experiences
the christian NNP article is a specific example of just such a decision .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its name VBZ a time for people to go outside and enjoy the NN of NN ( JJ NNP , `` VBG on the NN '' ) and tend to the graves of departed ones .	1	2	VBZ	denotes	denote
NNS and NNS closely resemble mice , NNS carry NNS , while NNS are JJ NNS .	12	13	VBP	are	is
NNP , i appreciate people are tired , but you have just created a completely JJ mess .	4	5	VBP	are	is
their relationship to NN is the frequent desire on the part of the NN for power over the victim .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS and NNS containing JJ bonds are highly prone to NN .	0	6	VBP	are	is
a long ridge connects it with NNP to the east .	2	3	VBZ	connects	connect
the album notably features the contributions of lee harris , the drummer and NN of JJ band talk talk .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the building is non NN now having VBN its life .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the place for these articles is on NNP , not wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
elements are the individual NNS , which may come as simple NNS or `` NNS '' and VBN NNS or ( rarely ) NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
arrival at the highest level of the four classes VBZ the title of `` hero '' on the player , which is followed by a separate fifth class , `` NNP '' , that each hero has the option of becoming .	35	36	VBZ	has	have
this usually happens when observers begin to identify with the individuals under study , and this threat generally increases as the degree of observer participation increases .	16	18	VBZ	increases	increase
in some languages , the spoken NNS are also the basis of NN in writing .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the main NNS of an NNP are the technological challenges and huge expense of building , VBG and maintaining a nuclear power plant .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the email indicates NNP was acting on behalf of the NN rather than just merely working for the good of the country as he claimed when this story first broke ( about the fcc NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the rest of NN remains to help cable , who continues his fight against NNP until NNP and NNP finally arrive .	1	4	VBZ	remains	remain
this NN JJ plant easily reaches to 16 feet and is a JJ NN .	3	5	VBZ	reaches	reach
ibm is constantly trying to improve their JJ documentation , but they are not real good at this , so RB any skills you VBP learning the old way of VBG are not much help to you the new way .	22	31	VBP	are	is
votes presented without a rationale and `` per '' comments are both strongly VBN , and may be VBN by the closing NNP .	9	10	VBP	are	is
if the patch is square , the pattern in the horizontal plane will be JJ , somewhat as if the patch were a pair of NNS separated by a JJ ; this counts for about another JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG concluded that a `` systematic analysis of gandhi 's strategic thinking in the context of JJ NNS of nationalism and social change movements has still to be written .	6	24	VBZ	has	have
as bo points out , your formula is a bit off .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this mixed media sculpture consists of a metal NN filled with rocks which is hung from a rope .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
other major offices are in NNP NNP , france and NNP , germany .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its common name derives from its giant NN , a JJ structure that can reach more than 6 m ( 20 ft .	2	3	VBZ	derives	derive
the club has an executive NN , six function or private dining rooms , two world class restaurants and a bar of international standards , all of which are perfect for either business or NN .	12	28	VBP	are	is
the film is a loose adaptation of the book and the two are JJ to each other .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP project page is pretty much good as far as JJ goes , so i no longer need a lot of help with that .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the reasons for the NNS are wide and varied , but probably the most frequent use of the motion in NN in a criminal trial is to shield the jury from information concerning the defendant that could possibly be RB JJ to him if heard at trial .	1	5	VBP	are	is
RB ; german security police , NNP NN NN ( lithuanian security police ) ( these 3 organizations are presented in source english summary ) ; all these mentioned structures are not the same as NNP NN ( aka NNP ) .	29	30	VBP	are	is
the program also provides services to improve the financial and economic literacy of participants .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
fair use in the car NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
surveys show that NNP students consistently value diversity at NNP .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
NNS and NNS do not know when demand will appear , and so risk having to stock items for JJ periods of time , and VB associated costs ( or , RB , risk not VBG items for which demand exists , and then missing a sale ) .	39	40	VBZ	exists	exist
in america , for example , some people find NNP NNP offensive .	7	8	VBP	find	finds
students wear the formal NN , a white JJ shirt and light green long NNS ( male ) or NNS ( female ) , together with the school tie on NNPS , NNS , public speeches , school functions , and any events where the students represent the school .	0	1	VBP	wear	wears
but again , you are right , this section needs improvement .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
the school also runs a highly successful music and theater program .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
NNP argument is quite valid and the potential blp issues were made clearly and repeatedly in the discussion by a majority of editors , which in my opinion established consensus beyond doubt .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are JJ in many ways and perhaps deserve the respect they have in india .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the school is now best known as NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school was originally housed in buildings formerly used for refugees after world war ii , and the establishment has a deep interest in promoting greater understanding and brotherhood across the national boundaries of europe , and its programmes strongly reflect this .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
one alternative involves the interaction of RB modified surfaces with proteins under JJ circumstances .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
the church has a JJ tower , supported by JJ NNS with JJ NN NN on the north east corner .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if there are many higher peaks there are various ways of defining which one is the parent .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this analysis is likely to be JJ in many other business situations involving advertising .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the soundtrack is from the first movement of the 6th symphony and a section of the 5th symphony of gustav NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am neutral , but the article requires VBG .	6	7	VBZ	requires	require
i will say that most people are likely not VB enough to edit their own biographies and should probably VB RB .	5	6	VBP	are	is
as the credits roll , a full list of NNP 's experiments CD through CD , and the names they were given by NNP , VBZ along the left side of the screen .	2	3	VBP	roll	rolls
support - wonderful improvement ; this is what we want to see in a political biography .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
many western areas of the city are without utility infrastructure over 25 years later .	2	6	VBP	are	is
indeed VBN static `` NN '' factors as you call them are also a possibility .	6	9	VBP	call	calls
representatives of the `` NN '' strain of australian comedy include NNP rude and NNP NNP .	0	10	VBP	include	includes
the account is clearly on NN with no regard for VBG issues raised , but simply activated by the NN to go add a !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is also in principle possible to perform the search using some other method , such as particle NN NN ( see the NN below ) ; the JJ nature of NNP creates many opportunities for NNS as the problem of interest to be solved NNS .	29	32	VBZ	creates	create
the stem is JJ or NN , NN , NN and NN , which can grow up to three feet tall .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the community sits upon the eastern shore of a lake which is also named loch NNP .	1	2	VBZ	sits	sit
NNP revealed `` susan keeps asking when she 's going to be allowed home to see her parents , and eventually karl breaks the new - her parents are long dead and she 's actually 45 , not 16 as she believes .	27	28	VBP	are	is
VBN , removed by me because of a protest on the talkpage ( VBG that the deletion is controversial ) , but i support deletion .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
in applications that require sustained write NN , such as video recording , the device might not perform RB if the NNP card 's class rating falls below a particular speed .	25	26	VBZ	falls	fall
the combination of culture and art teaching is the biggest feature of the school .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
while research suggests that claimed NNS are used by men and women alike , NNP , r .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
similarly , as jack 's roles vary over the course of his NNS , from NNP warrior to army scout to JJ NN , etc .	5	6	VBP	vary	varies
the film features an original soundtrack written by john NNP , who also stars in the film .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the NN comprises 2 to 4 eggs , about 6 .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
april 2007 ( utc ) this picture is a product of the author of this site and may be used by anybody for free .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some prior discussion with the JJ user is present here .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
common NN designs include NN of dragons and the NNS of JJ characters .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
dragons artwork and module covers throughout recording .	1	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the film follows three men ( in addition to NNP ) , each with completely different opinions on facial hair and the act of VBG .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the district includes 29 contributing buildings and 2 contributing sites in the community of new geneva .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
google searches for random blocks of text indicate no copyright violation of online sources .	1	7	VBP	indicate	indicates
the actual site for the school is an island .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
there is zero proof he took the image himself , and the image is up for deletion and should be a speedy due to JJ issues , as at least the website above clearly states `` copyright 2006 by internet broadcasting systems and NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this category includes nations that participated in the 1988 winter NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
i 'm not sure the question makes sense .	5	6	VBZ	makes	make
merge - the only source of any type of notability and reliability is the JJ one ( about .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the NN leaves are up to 19 NNS long by 4 wide .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as part of this policy , the national coat of arms shows 10 stars , 9 of the current departments , plus the JJ coast .	8	11	VBZ	shows	show
previous winners include dale ferguson , david NNP , stephen NNP , eddie perfect , NNP NNP , stephen NNP , NNP NNP , michael NNP , and julian NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a shepherd , by the very nature of his job has to come in contact usually with people who are at the very low NN of society , whose life is sunk in NNS and bad NNS .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
be sure to remember that JJ things are important , too .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNS differ on the value to be placed on each .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
his parents get divorced and his world starts to fall apart .	6	7	VBZ	starts	start
evidence suggests that the mosque was destroyed after the arrival of a new christian NN at the beginning of the 13th century .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNP railway station ( , , ) is a railway station serving the village of NNP , in the commune of NNP , in northern luxembourg .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a NN wave begins at its maximum value due to its phase difference from the NN .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
these editors work to improve specific articles within the scope of the christianity project .	1	2	VBP	work	works
the buildings are an VBG example of victorian collegiate NNP , to which there have been many additions including a new art complex , drama studio , sports hall , library and most recently a swimming pool and fitness suite .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the lyrics of NNP NNP ( NNP NNP , `` black gold '' ) are a female answer to the classic song NNP NNP written by NNP NNP .	1	14	VBP	are	is
NNS must last for 5 race weekends , but for the season each driver has one penalty free NN change at their disposal .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
this friendship continues and NNP VBZ his NN to always assist , such as taking NNP 's call while he is on a date , as a sign that he is interested in her .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
type of lift where the NN raises his arms above his NNS .	0	6	VBZ	raises	raise
treatment is a relatively simple surgery in which excess skin of the outer NNS is removed or NNS and muscles are shortened with one or two NNS .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the second paragraph of the lead VBZ the year that the academy opened , so remove this ; if you want to keep the information about the first class year , move that to the first paragraph ( although it 's not vital information ) .	2	6	VBZ	repeats	repeat
cheshire cats found numerous NNS in modern pop culture , and the famous NN NN is reminiscent of a dubious human character that the modern world represents .	25	26	VBZ	represents	represent
these laws additionally provide penalties for VBG an emergency situation to the parties in an existing telephone call , in order to gain access to a party line .	1	3	VBP	provide	provides
at a young stage the color of the fruit is green , JJ , or a purple and white color with dark stripes .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
JJ rock such as NN , clay , limestone , and sandstone forms the greatest share of the far north 's geology .	1	12	VBZ	forms	form
the party is a republican party which takes a more left wing stance on economics and social policy than the labour party .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS , mice , NNS , and VBZ eat large quantities of NN seeds from the forest floor , and VBD NNS are a NN and major part of storage of red NNS .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the relationship between the enlisted men and the officers on board the NNP receives special treatment .	1	13	VBZ	receives	receive
the regional population is of around CD , 350 inhabitants whilst the city of NNP has a population of 60 , CD .	9	10	VBP	whilst	whilst
the fact that NNS and NNS are somewhat special and need to be treated differently from ( other ) objects has been criticized , because it requires writing many variants when creating general libraries .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the number of NNP 's arms varies ; his JJ forms have between two and sixteen arms .	1	6	VBZ	varies	vary
finally his quest for revenge is complete , and also he VBZ the JJ elements in the society by killing them .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
it appears that users make claims of coi or NN all the time , not least in afds and NNP .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
however , i think the level of editing on the passport is RB .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's JJ and NN properties are similar to those of heavy NN metals and JJ CD .	5	6	VBP	are	is
life is super JJ and full of joy when destiny decides doom for NNP when NNP falls in love with an JJ an NN employee at his factory with whom he begins an extra JJ relationship .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this article deals with the wall street journal prime rate .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
it does contain a city guide , but every edition usually contains an article or articles on issues NNS in japan , usually issues that JJ living in japan might have interest in .	9	11	VBZ	contains	contain
delete this movement must be quite new , because from the picture ( which should also be deleted ) , this guy looks pretty young .	21	22	VBZ	looks	look
the lyrics by NNP NNP are a NN of the JJ experience of a band , most obviously NNP NNP NN itself , playing in front of an audience .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NN is not required when editors create articles .	5	6	VBP	create	creates
he wants to keep a major blp violation at afd , and these games are just a way to do such .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the answer is an obvious `` yes '' , given the level of my past involvement with these subjects .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBN execution likely JJ , doctors say .	5	6	VBP	say	says
critics generally agree that the finished film matches NNP and NNP 's NN .	0	2	VBP	agree	agrees
NNP product portfolio consists of mediation , VBG , policy control , NN and NN and activation .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the competitors use NN JJ planes such as the NNP edge CD , NNP , and the NNP racer CD , equipped with VBG engines .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
his sister is now a teacher in the NNP creek school district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while the administration appears to be VBN , services tend to be separated .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
it seems to me that a statement that the film presents arguments against birth control and abortion , but primarily against abortion , is so obvious that it does not need a reference .	6	23	VBZ	is	are
the greatest pleasure in life is doing things that people tell you you ca n't do , '' NNP had said .	9	10	VBP	tell	tells
the differential diagnosis of NN includes JJ NN ( especially JJ c ) , and JJ NNS .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
the procedure works only for acids and bases with a large difference in NN between their charged and their JJ form .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
NNP 's climate is JJ , part of the NNP group in the NNP climate classification .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all tv stations currently broadcast in both digital and analog and major networks broadcast in hd in most markets .	2	4	VBP	broadcast	broadcasts
i learned that many admins get in by doing everything perfect for ca .	4	5	VBP	get	gets
the team is a part of flying training school NNP squadron based at NNP NNP 's NNP NNP air force base , and so the pilots are NNS from the same squadron .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the moving NN and conductor problem is a famous thought experiment , originating in the 19th century , concerning the intersection of classical NN and special NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the goal is to VB listeners to be able to listen RB and think RB about any kind of music , no matter its style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem with your adam walsh NN is that this corporate advertising event is not causing the creation , production and distribution of the NN ( again we are VBG what the event is about ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
eventually , the highway crosses the NNP bay bridge into newport .	3	4	VBZ	crosses	cross
this sets off a number of NNS and NNS which VBP together the family history ( for instance , why the mother is a patient and why the daughter is unaware of her father 's job as a NN ) .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
its JJ system VBZ the NN into 22 segments called NN , not all equal but each roughly equal to one quarter of a whole tone of western music .	2	3	VBZ	divides	divide
the final chapters have yet to be collected in NN format .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the first is through membership NNS ; the second is through donations ; and for opposition members the third is through state funding ( though only for administrative costs ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the airport is a source of income as international aid agencies use it as well as people who are VBG or VBG goods into the capital .	10	11	VBP	use	uses
if the player runs out of time before completing the stage , he will get a continue screen .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
the changing facilities are also very VBD , with some changing rooms being no more than concrete NNS with JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP collection of books NNS for children who suffer from NN , and there is a large and extensive gay and lesbian collection , the largest range in london .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the city is one of the oldest settlements in the state , which was initially settled by the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the building represents the ability of local NNS and designers to create their own ideas without the station 's influence .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
delete unless evidence comes up that this person is a professional athlete .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , NNP takes the place of the girl of the JJ world and NNP 's sister NNP does not appear in the film , though NNP 's older sister NNP is in the film , and plays a major role .	29	31	VBZ	is	are
his most recent publication is NNP and political violence ( isbn CD ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
starring robin NNP , NNP NNP NNP and the late johnny NNP , the film is about a taxi driver who dreams of going to the usa .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in spite of the JJ inhabitants of the NNP , this was no hell to which souls were condemned ; the nature of NNP is more complex than that .	21	24	VBZ	is	are
common names include NNP NNP and rock NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
later , two men and two women enter the ruins , where they must fight for survival and who ever wins will keep the money in their bank account and remain in the competition .	3	7	VBP	enter	enters
JJ NNS are NNS seen in NNS using electron NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as of 2008 the medical school accepts some CD home students and a further 19 from overseas .	5	6	VBZ	accepts	accept
in case of NN , a deputy prime minister assumes the office of acting prime minister until the prime minister VBZ duty , or until the appointment of a new prime minister .	8	9	VBZ	assumes	assume
the NNP rank for this website is 50 , 000 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this river is popular with NNS although the section from NNP lake to NNP lake is not maintained for NNS or NNS and requires a lot of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
image is a personal photo belonging to .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the image is a JJ version of the painting and our use of it does not affect its monetary value .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only transmission line of NN that still exists is the NNP transmission line , which allows the NN of NNS in china , taiwan , korea and vietnam .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
united states relations are the diplomatic relations between iraq and the united states .	2	3	VBP	are	is
so i was considering a fur for it but noticed that the website says it is high resolution .	12	13	VBZ	says	say
first use , add name of group that recognizes the person as a prophet -- after that , prophet is ok as JJ variation on name , but not as constant NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the small flowers are RB JJ , with six NNS , usually joined at the base , six NNS and a superior NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
based on the outcome of this test of taste and NN , which takes into account grape variety and vintage , a decision is made as to whether or not the press wine is good enough to be included in the final blend .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
a NN VBZ a high level language into the JJ `` code '' which is then loaded in as data , and run .	1	2	VBZ	converts	convert
their final collection of objects shows a particular preference for NNP NNS , which is high compared to the other objects collected from other groups .	2	5	VBZ	shows	show
the nomination reason could have been better , and NNS are not open for debate .	9	10	VBP	are	is
so NNP heads to the cave to prove that the dragon is real while linda and pete go to NNP NNP and find NNP 's lost NNS to pay off her NN but both were covered in NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the central character is NNP `` NNP '' NNP ( pronounced `` NNP NNP '' ) , who also appears in several of the NNP and NNP club stories and novels .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
then , each time the agent VBZ an action , and VBZ a reward and a new state that both may depend on both the previous state and the selected action .	5	6	VBZ	selects	select
considering that the author herself is notably silent about the subject , my impression is that this is just an attempt at JJ art .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the next section , `` NN b '' returns to the various animal pairs and , in a mixture of old and new testament figures , begins to rely on local animals or animals that VBP off of aspects of the figure 's life .	2	8	VBZ	returns	return
the most important case , and the one that will be discussed in this page , is that the graph g is a part of a NN in NNP space .	3	16	VBZ	is	are
other significant parts of their economy are based on production of the NN NNS and cattle farming on brighton and big NNP NNS , and forestry .	2	6	VBP	are	is
although the sex of the skeleton is uncertain , it may have been an JJ NNP ( NNP ) prince or princess .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of this plan are what is on the chip f was after , certain elements of the plan have just now come together and thus NNP and NNP seem to have elected to work together to make it happen , but with RB different intentions .	16	20	VBP	have	has
the band consists of lead vocalist jay NNP , VBZ james NNP and brian david , bassist paul henry , keyboards NNP NNP and drummer NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the line is to be open to both passenger and freight trains , the maximum grade being limited to 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is JJ , however , if this ability is of the printed phone itself or from the NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
one story is that the town was founded on land which was the home of a prominent NNP indian , NNP , and the community around his home was called NNP 's settlement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the raw NN NN , which is soft and NN is very JJ and when NNS can cause NN and NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
these mountains also have the largest glacier on the mainland of europe , NNP .	1	3	VBP	have	has
no ref in the article actually mentions him .	1	6	VBZ	mentions	mention
the pool occupies a shallow quarry VBG some of fresh water daily from JJ wells , making it the largest freshwater pool in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
this junction provides access to mount rose and north lake NNP via mount rose highway ( state route NNP ) , as well as virginia city to the southeast by NNP grade ( state route NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
NNS and NN are now consistent .	0	3	VBP	are	is
many people take blp seriously indeed , including the foundation , and the arbitration committee and the founder and imo the vast majority of editors .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
can anyone confirm if NNS contribute more to global warming than all the cars in the world combined ( or something like that , i VBP where i read this ) .	4	5	VBP	contribute	contributes
artificial NN can be a better solution when the environment is particularly hostile to natural grass .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this film appears to fail the film notability guideline .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the race founder is JJ l .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is possible to effectively decide whether a given natural number is prime by testing every possible JJ factor .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
on leaving NNP ( a pub where the NNS have their drinks before starting their work ) NN is approached by a client .	8	9	VBP	have	has
an important problem in VBG NNS is determining whether two objects have in fact VBN .	10	11	VBP	have	has
the NN and NN NNS are short in some NNP proteins , and are separated by an JJ NN of variable length .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the main work of the congregation is the care of the sick and elderly , social welfare services and similar other activities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
today this JJ ship remains visible a few feet beneath the surface and is the most JJ part of the pearl harbor museum complex .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
this seems JJ in the light of those insurance ads , but NNP 's guitar still makes it sound NN .	14	16	VBZ	makes	make
plans exist for argentina , brazil , uruguay , canada , ukraine and others to also construct new receiving ( NN ) NNS .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
each stream has two or three subjects that are the focus of the studies .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
article VBZ the language was invented by a NN , which might VB at some notability , but i 'm unable to confirm this , and the NN named is a red link .	27	29	VBZ	is	are
his NNP show often incorporates the talents of an even more famous NN , nascar NN jeff gordon .	2	4	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
it is also possible that the name comes RB from NNP , NNP lady , in the novel by sir walter scott .	6	7	VBZ	comes	come
the first two paragraphs and title are more concerning , but the tail was ( or is ) JJ to some degree ( until hitting the NN ) .	3	6	VBP	are	is
four further units provide a NNP service between madrid and NNP .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
NNP assumes that the NN is not too old and probably not originally from NNP , because the NN does not work in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
just one diff to show that this VBG ' claim is n't completely VB .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
today the NNP estate covers 300 NNS entirely in grande NNP , officially listed as premier grand NNP du NNP , of which 200 NNS are planted with the NNP NN grape variety .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the poster recognizes that NNP does not have a collective opinion .	1	2	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
now the square is a central junction in the heart of copenhagen , dominated by its NNP fountain and a number of buildings , the oldest of which dates back to CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
views from the summit include the barn door hills and NNP mountain .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
expansion continues in 1997 when NNP NNP in latvia and NNP NNP NNP in lithuania join NNP in the line of subsidiary companies of NNP meat processing plant .	0	1	VBZ	continues	continue
and considering hong kong is a major world city is further evidence of its notability as sources have chosen to write specifically about this housing estate in a place of literally thousands .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
someone who was only JJ because of the circumstances of their death , a subject that clearly has no room to VB past its already limited notability , is not worthy of treatment in wikipedia .	14	28	VBZ	is	are
below the NN , boxes contain links to the most popular video material , web articles and pages on the site , as well as tv and radio listings alongside an JJ list of the bbc 's top level domains .	4	5	VBP	contain	contains
wedding pictures are not particularly encyclopedic .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this image is of a book cover only .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ) , it is often the case in biology that very visible NNS to an organ are less important than small and JJ regulatory changes .	13	17	VBP	are	is
aside from having been the first muslim country to have operas , theater plays , and a democratic republic , azerbaijan today is among the muslim countries where support for NN is the highest , and where radical NNS have met only very limited interest .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
it was announced through her website that the name of her new single is `` cry wolf '' ( produced by mike mac ) , due to release in september , 2012 .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
however , such NNS are not actually equivalent to releasing a work into the public domain .	3	4	VBP	are	is
besides these , other NNS contain new NNS , NNS , and NNS with NNS from previous seasons .	4	5	VBP	contain	contains
lead suggests four NNS for a long article like this .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
attack of the NNP shark ( aka NNP shark ) is an 2012 canadian independent action horror film project directed by brett kelly .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
the only settlements are two small family NNS , NNP in the west and NNP on the eastern tip of the island .	2	3	VBP	are	is
personally , i think that your attempt to VB behind blp is a move to VB off 3rr issues .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the west rim is irregular and broken through by a pair of worn NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the foundation of the vietnamese german university is a part of vietnamese reform programs concerning the education sector ( higher education reform agenda , NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
some have suggested that this closure is worthy of discussion and that it would be helpful to have a few words from the closing NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
from this point the route generally travels in a JJ direction through its northern terminus at NNP west of NNP .	4	6	VBZ	travels	travel
after successful completion of the program , students are eligible to receive three NN units of california state university course credit through the office of extended education at NNP state university .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the factory is still sometimes known as general foods after the american company which originally owned the building , before NNS ' as it is commonly known was taken over by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main entrance is from george street .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the varieties are JJ , on the NN of being distinct languages , and have separate literary traditions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the journal is peer-reviewed and publishes scholarly articles in french , italian , and german , with english NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
industrial estates , and industrial NN are CD industrial estates and industrial development areas in the state , covering an area of CD NNS .	1	6	VBP	are	is
notability is not fame , but famous things are notable .	7	8	VBP	are	is
they have similar NN , but their wing shapes are different .	8	9	VBP	are	is
NNP beetle classification is not yet RB established , although there appear to be five or six main NNS , which may be considered NNS , possibly with one or two being raised to families in their own right .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this section runs underground from NNP to NNP NNP , then to abbey wood .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
some varieties allow most of these NNS , whereas others , such as NNP , are limited to only two , namely and .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
the difference in the concentration of dust in earth 's atmosphere and that of mars stems from a key factor .	1	15	VBZ	stems	stem
i did not said a image can not be a original research , but i tell this one is not because most details are mentioned in references .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
another game mode included in NNP is the JJ `` tackle alley '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's writings acknowledge the likely possibility that JJ NNS will be required to direct the course of economic development for JJ NNS , in contrast to the chicago department 's usual preference for NN NN policies .	2	3	VBP	acknowledge	acknowledges
this is what happens when people rush to vote rather than discuss whether a vote is even necessary , and what options should be presented .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN NN was mostly demolished , but an JJ bridge exists over u .	10	11	VBZ	exists	exist
kenneth 's ultimate dream is to become an actor in front of the camera .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
references are all either JJ materials or trivial mentions on corporate websites .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the main base is in the NNP complex , at the southeastern end of the base , and the remote northern interior is an impact area .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
this meeting acts in the church as the de facto highest governing council .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
the highway passes through NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
a ground breaking release in its time , street corner queen is notable for being probably the best known christian metal album to come from finland , and one of the most diverse albums in the whole christian metal history .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
to break down the plants it VBZ , the african bush elephant has four large NNS , two in each NN of the NN .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
NNP grows pregnant and NNS around the house , her parents wonder what is wrong .	10	11	VBP	wonder	wonders
the descent stage is a platform above the NN with eight variable thrust JJ NN rocket NNS on arms extending around this platform to slow the descent .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and , of course , the fact that it is a later addition to john in no way necessarily implies that it is more or less true than john .	6	19	VBZ	implies	imply
VBG birds in africa are quiet initially , but start singing in january or february prior to their return north .	1	4	VBP	are	is
most sources are facebook , youtube or promotional .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a nice mix of article , wikipedia space , and talk page edits ; their user talk page edits consist of JJ prose , not templates , which is good .	2	18	VBZ	edits	edit
others lakes are NNP ( fresh water , area of 28 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the city has a history of scientific NNS , including the 19th century NN sir NNP NNP , who worked in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in the novel fires on the plain , by NNP NNP , the character NNP makes reference to NNP 130 's first line `` de FW NN '' in a dream sequence .	13	15	VBZ	makes	make
NNS used a NN technique known as word painting ( aka text painting or tone painting ) to make musical notes illustrate word meanings , trying literally to paint visual images with sonic materials .	20	21	VBP	illustrate	illustrates
this is referenced and fairly obviously JJ ; judging from the last deletion debate , the current text is not what was deleted back then .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
artists like paul NNP , NNP , pink floyd , NNP , the rolling stones , madonna , NNP , and NNP are just a few of the names that have played there .	0	22	VBP	are	is
dublin 7 includes NNP hill , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP ; a key feature is the four courts complex .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
however , the NNS show a NN NN , a man VBG his NNS , and another where the model is bent over VBG the camera .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the population is mainly muslim , but with the presence of a roman catholic mission the NNP community is also well established .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the international NNS of NNP wildlife foundation are brad NNP and NNP NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is
realizing NNP had hidden something away , the girls use the key to discover a series of videos that ian thomas had filmed .	8	9	VBP	use	uses
the highest point total was west virginia 's 49 against NNP miss in 2000 ; NNP miss scored 38 in that game and the 87 point total in that game is a high for the music city bowl .	26	30	VBZ	is	are
your nom is JJ for the bottom section .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although NNP NNP is often also considered a NNP NN , its VBG language apparently bears little resemblance to NNP .	13	15	VBZ	bears	bear
as a part of the cbs network 's overall coverage of the afc ( of which the patriots are a member ) , NNP also airs all regular season patriots games that are broadcast by cbs .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the family visits the NNP to VB comic book guy , who VBZ to marry NNP after the family sees NNP creator matt NNP .	1	2	VBZ	visits	visit
the NN NN is a skilled NN that VBZ on a variety of species .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
during this transition , body size also increased , as NNP tracks are larger than those of NNP .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the place where a performance occurs is called a `` pitch '' .	4	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
developer NNP has a JJ reputation for pushing gaming hardware to the NN , and its debut work on NNP is JJ , '' it says .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
the pc version includes a custom season mode where the player can VB the league through either NN or by replacing the teams with historic ones from the NNS and earlier .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
his stint as doctor light is JJ with that of a NN using the same name and nearly identical costume , NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some specific psychological themes explored in the novel are NN , eating disorders and NNS .	3	8	VBP	are	is
no software installation is needed , clients pay to access NNP from a remote web site .	6	7	VBP	pay	pays
just because the photo itself is not the subject of the article does not automatically mean that the NN use is not fair use .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
information included is better than no information at all .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
i am not going to oppose , because his great work in other areas shows me that he could handle the buttons well enough .	10	14	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ NN demonstrates again more RB the wisdom of the decree .	2	3	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the song label says it was recorded and mixed at track record , inc .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the college has eight academic groups , 11 recreational groups , 2 religious groups and 11 service groups such as the community youth club , the junior police call , and the youth red cross .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as such , staff NN has a large effect on the NNP community .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
possible solutions for a large scale problem like this include NN VBG .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
in the structure of american college football , some teams are better known than others and will have greater public attention to them and the fight songs , bands , and the like -- which is reflected in their notability .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the article currently includes the name of the director , harold NNP , and that ought to be sufficient .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
it is the nearest port of contact to the scottish wildlife trust 's national nature reserve of NNP island , and a small ferry operates between the two .	23	24	VBZ	operates	operate
like the tv show family guy , the show uses NN jokes .	8	9	VBZ	uses	use
a family vacation turns into a NN when the wife is found NN in the lake .	2	3	VBZ	turns	turn
usually drugs just become less effective as they get older .	1	3	VBP	become	becomes
the school currently has two bases in NNP , and two theatres in NNP green and NNP respectively .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
this article is why wikipedia exists .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
we are in danger , if the government is not careful , of having a proper sterling collapse , a run on the pound .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
although NNP 's mother VBZ her daughter to be RBR with NNP , NNP does not VB the advice .	3	4	VBZ	advises	advise
spirit NNS are conducted at each general session and a spirit stick goes to the group deemed most VBN .	11	12	VBZ	goes	go
the most important scheme of VBG chess NNS for serious players is by NNP code , a series of 500 opening codes assigned by the NNP of chess NNP .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
their reservation is the NNP indian reservation , located on the thames river in NNP , connecticut .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on 10 february NNP removes fbi NN ( i can live with the NNP NN - i suppose as an example of NN , but one NN is enough for this section .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the information is notable , JJ , and being VBN out of this article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
local governments often need to project future tax NNS .	1	3	VBP	need	needs
helen gardner observed that `` a NN is a comparison whose NN is more striking than its NN '' and that `` a comparison becomes a NN when we are made to VB NN while being strongly conscious of NN .	23	24	VBZ	becomes	become
english and french tracks are available ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
their home stadium is the NNP academy sports ground .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
or for those of us who think NN 's NN is a RB JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
rolling code is the same method of security used on the NNS of cars , and with some internet NNS for secure sites .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many digital NNS include an NN and NNS so that no additional equipment is required to play the instrument .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
if a victim becomes JJ he should be VBN to the ground , and the NN should call emergency medical services and JJ NNP .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the half mile stretch of route in the city centre between the NNP and oxford road station has a JJ average of nearly a bus every 30 seconds in each direction .	3	17	VBZ	has	have
this article appears to be spam .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
their common names refer to the red NN at the end of the NNS of many NNP .	2	3	VBP	refer	refers
the functions of the NNP are to get in and VB the property , to VB the NNS and NNS and to VB the assets .	1	5	VBP	are	is
wp has no article on the national newspaper association so it is hard to know if this award is significant ) .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
their character varies RB and not all of these dances are suitable for execution using standard competitive technique and NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the entire force is currently under the command of a wing commander rank officer .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
v that references have to be explicitly given , only that material is verifiable in theory .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
this list is basically identical to the novels list , but with different authors and works filling up the table .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the department includes information about notability requirements for upcoming film articles , several lists of future films , and a JJ list .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
it encouraged them to have the feeling that the people of the united states would be given a true picture of what they were trying to do and what must be done at home if democracy is to survive .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
its biggest NN is a lack of photos , but i do n't feel this is an overly large problem .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this game is the second NN in the NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main difference , imo , between the images is simply the shadow detail is slightly better in the original compared to edit 2 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
it is also worth mentioning that press releases are not secondary sources .	7	8	VBP	are	is
categories of a more specific nature ( such as region or period ) may be created if it is felt that this category becomes too large .	22	23	VBZ	becomes	become
the 900 frame provides multiple NNP , JJ ring , v .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the effect is similar to JJ events , the difference being that electrons and not NNS are involved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
hard anatomy characters such as teeth and bones preserve well in the fossil record and are the main source of information about how fossil animals are related to their modern counterparts .	2	8	VBP	preserve	preserves
such matches are extremely rare , since there are more than 3 , 600 known characteristics , and these can occur in millions of combinations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the area of the prefecture is approximately 42 , 000 square kilometers in size and home to about CD , 000 ethnic NNPS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
anyone can see an article with zero reliable independent secondary sources , which means this article fails our guidelines .	15	16	VBZ	fails	fail
educational programs provide interactive JJ learning on local history .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the reason relates to VB - and NN with a CD phones out there .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
according to the 2002 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
admin criteria was created , where NNS VB their criteria or process information before the need VBZ .	15	16	VBZ	arises	arise
children with NNP vary widely in abilities , intelligence , and NNS .	0	3	VBP	vary	varies
the seventh wave encompasses human awareness of the whole planet , and the eighth awareness of our place in the JJ structure .	2	3	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
seat NNS for the lower and upper NN of the stadium vary from JJ inches , due to the curve design of the stadium , while the JJ club seats range from JJ inches respectively .	29	30	VBP	range	ranges
the movement VBZ that per NN industrial waste produced is orders of magnitude greater than personal waste produced ; therefore , it is NN that must be ended , and with that , lifestyle changes will follow .	1	2	VBZ	asserts	assert
a NN of this second period of spanish rule is a monument VBG the spanish constitution of 1812 , one of the most liberal of its time .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the temple also contains one thousand JJ statues of the thousand armed NNP which stand on both the right and left sides of the main statue in 10 rows and 50 columns .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
these animals possess a large array of molecules called variable NN receptors ( NNP for short ) that , like the NN receptors of JJ NNS , are produced from only a small number ( one or two ) of genes .	1	2	VBP	possess	possesses
hill argued that if the gap is to be closed , the notion of a european foreign policy must be VBN in demonstrated behaviour rather than potential and NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the character is an JJ , JJ and JJ NN of a romantic singer characterized in a NNP NN style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a dance NN is a presentation of JJ moves for an audience , usually in an established performing arts venue , possibly RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
guest artists on the album include NNP collins ( `` try me on .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
ambassador of hindu muslim unity is the title of two books written on the politics of muhammad ali NNP , the founding father of pakistan .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
however , the work of NNP meyer ( 2005 - in french only ( JJ 100 ) , 2008 ) gives a statistical analysis of the NNS of NNP showing that there are 4 NNS RB distinguished in production and that they are also perceived so .	3	20	VBZ	gives	give
successful design of a compound locomotive demands a firm NN of NN and fluid dynamics ; that such has frequently not been the case is why many productions in the past have been far from JJ .	1	6	VBZ	demands	demand
the school has approximately 1000 enrolled students , all boys , and includes a small boarding establishment and over 75 teachers .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the bridge is a listed structure .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the typical pump used in the industry is the JJ NN vacuum pump .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the village contains one primary and secondary school .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a monument , NNP tower , now exists to his memory .	1	7	VBZ	exists	exist
this NN goes up to 19 !	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
it is hoped that this book is only the pioneer in what will become an JJ christian software industry .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
evidence from the NNP experiment indicates that most of the JJ effects of JJ NNS occur at low levels of NNS .	0	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the doors have JJ windows , but they do not fit alongside the NNS in car mode ; they are mainly to display on robot mode .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the river now flows north-east below the NNP and trent hills before reaching NNP ferry , NNP and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	flows	flow
your nomination is , seriously , JJ , and VBZ your admitted lack of understanding of the category system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the present NN is for a `` rope or NN '' provided by the monks for `` the machine in the garden of the holy mary for raising water to fill the holy font .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
specialized facilities include a small collection of NN , preserved animals and a NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the castle is a popular venue for school NNS , while the sea front is VBN at high tide by NNS in pursuit of NN and bass .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if we ever want reagan 's article to become a featured article , these peer reviews are very important .	15	16	VBP	are	is
yes , i have seen people use the NNP ' JJ , but this biography seemed realistic somehow , as opposed to the NN `` my name is bill .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
scott NNP of alternative press in a review of the set your goals album this will be the death of us .	12	13	VBP	album	album
the second sentence is pure , JJ original research .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the measure of circular angles in degrees or NNS is JJ under rotation .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
social NN theory describes the process whereby people adopt another person 's attitudes or opinions regarding a particular subject .	7	8	VBP	adopt	adopts
chris NNP for CD concluded that there is not doubt that the song is bold , JJ and JJ NN of the album .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's JJ novel is NNP 's baby , a horror story of modern day NNP and other NNS , set in manhattan 's upper west side .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her first customer is charlie , recently returned from africa where he has made his fortune .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there are , however , many references to the fact that the most common dialect of arabic spoken in somalia is the NNP dialect .	14	20	VBZ	is	are
the song features guitar themes that VBP between left and right channels .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a veterans ' court is a `` special court '' which is charged with trying cases of minor NNS which involve veterans of NNS such as the united states armed forces , particularly those diagnosed with JJ NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
mount NNP earthquake ( NN ) is the first earthquake recorded in history .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
channels are the communication elements of NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the approach via NNP is more scenic .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
surely the most appropriate way to VB a NN is with free content .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the NN model is a NN of family centered on a NN , `` the member of a family who VBZ the money to support the others '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other important villages include NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
if a mother has trouble NN , different methods of assisting the milk NN NN may help .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the following category includes persons from spain who are or were members of the roman catholic church .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
NNS , i have no NNS in him , so if the result is delete , then delete the article .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
i do n't know the singer , it might be NNP NNP , and the NN is actually `` promise me i 'll never see you VB NN '' , if memory serves .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
a tribal council VBZ the burns NNP tribe , immediately northwest of burns .	2	3	VBZ	governs	govern
the most famous fight song of NNP is `` we ai n't never VBN '' that is performed by the school 's band .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
a common mistake is for a NNP NN to VB the total revenue or even gross margin associated with a customer .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
still sites are very unique looking NNS that usually consist of several metal drums , copper pipes and differing heat sources in order to heat up the NN ( which mainly consists of sugar , NN and fruit or grain product ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
to me , the issue seems clear , but another editor NNS and i hope an outside opinion could prevent tens of NNS of JJ discussion .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
support - this looks like a NN to me .	0	3	VBZ	looks	look
the NNS are the only ones mentioned to be involved in the crime .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the major economic activities through which traffic and capacity will rise are development of NNP and coal NNS and expansion of outer harbour stage ii and development of container terminal , respectively .	3	11	VBP	are	is
trim them down , sir , and when the logs are out , NN of them .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the list consists of NNP 's original seven , plus NNP of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP images , NNP and NN are some of NNP 's competition .	1	6	VBP	are	is
they assert that men are RB or RB VBG out of marriage and engaging in a `` marriage strike '' as a result of the lack of benefits in marriage and the emotional and financial consequences of divorce , including NN and child custody and support .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a girl living as a boy will dress in characteristic male clothing , have her hair cut short , the purpose of the practice is not NN and many people , such as teachers or family friends , will be aware that the child is actually a girl .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
if player 1 sees a blue hat on player 2 , then player 1 knows his or her own hat must be red .	12	14	VBZ	knows	know
i believe those JJ times are unknown .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the revelation leaves her in a JJ state .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
history is VBN in the wiki game ( unless a referee or an opponent demands a NN ) .	10	14	VBZ	demands	demand
articles that VBP the stub criteria are 39 ( 32 NNS and 7 clubs ) .	0	6	VBP	are	is
this does n't rule out the possibility that your diffs show JJ NN .	9	10	VBP	show	shows
these sensor nodes communicate via NNP .	2	3	VBP	communicate	communicates
the point is that its a local newspaper that covers topics of local interest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
extends voting hours on election day from CD to CD so that all voters have the opportunity to mark their ballot .	13	14	VBP	have	has
the lovers hide the NN in the JJ .	1	2	VBP	hide	hides
the name `` NNP `` has meaning , which can interpreted as `` land near to NNP 's pond '' .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
life for the taking is eddie money 's second album .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
you identified the biggest problem yourself - the article needs more references from reliable sources .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
one purpose of universal compulsory education is implied in the NNP short NNP prayer which states that the god 's primary reason for creating humanity is so that each of us would come to know and love him .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
her `` power theory of the JJ contrast model , '' or power pc theory ( 1997 ) VBZ that people filter observations of events through a basic belief that causes have the power to generate ( or prevent ) their effects , thereby VBG specific JJ relations .	20	31	VBP	have	has
if the suspect is JJ ( or even unable ) to do so , it is an offence .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these arms and crest bear some resemblance to those of sir leonard NNP , the differences being in the NN of the helmet , the NN of the border , and the direction in which the lion faces .	36	37	VBZ	faces	face
the museum is open wednesday through sunday .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in order to achieve NN isolation as well the JJ layer needs to be JJR and in many cases VBP as well .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
the sandstone unit consists of JJ NNS , VBG NN , typically JJ and NN with some black NNS , and in form it ranges from JJ to massive and JJ .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
i agree that if an editor finds dead tree sources the article should be renamed as NNP VBZ .	5	6	VBZ	finds	find
the ip address is different from the CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the light characteristic is `` f NNP '' , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the relief of the region consists mostly of rolling hills of JJ over the sea level .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist
speedy support sounds like it was already proposed and passed .	1	2	VBZ	sounds	sound
the problem has two NNS - NN ( the `` search '' problem , in practice most acute for JJ NNS ) , and JJ ( `` ranking '' , most acute for molecular organic NNS ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
both types are very small , i 'd suggest we VBP PRP together to make one good one ( or at least , a better one ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the selective NNP NNP tool works in a similar way , except it VBZ areas of an image with little detail .	4	5	VBZ	works	work
the current set includes a long table that the panel sit at , including many large plasma NNS , displaying topics and videos centered around the discussion .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
its primary business is VBG JJ oil .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today , NN and the production of flower seeds is still an important business in NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
for these reasons , the neutral roman script is used for NNP film titles , though some films include the hindi and NNP scripts as well .	17	18	VBP	include	includes
a NNP NN is a JJ verse form with a distinctive meter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
legal and JJ title also VBZ in trust .	3	5	VBZ	arises	arise
the mountains are part of the mountain ranges , NNS , mountains , and VBZ in the NNP national preserve .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the painting she made there of a `` milk carrier '' is typical of her work .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the unit cell is of NN group NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the conditions and constraints of this pattern of origin and distribution are not clear .	1	11	VBP	are	is
beach landing is illegal in most countries without proper permission .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while these systems build upon the NNP desktop NN , NNP has been compared as similar to the NNP text editor , although its design begins from a clean slate .	2	3	VBP	build	builds
my opinion is as valid as anyone NNS , so it should not be VBN just because you disagree with me .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as of 2005 , the town has a population of 1 , CD .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
publishers weekly was somewhat mixed in their review saying `` though the characters all tend to sound the same , and NNP NNS to lengthy summary NNS to VB confusion , the world he creates is wonderful fun .	32	35	VBZ	is	are
nothing against the candidate , but with heavily used templates , it would be better to keep the business of doing the VBG separate from that of deciding when a change is well enough tested to go live .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
the first game begins a month after the NN of two scientists at the local university , NNP and scott NNP .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
as of 2009 , a new revival of NNP and her friends for the brazilian market has them as now being teenagers and depicted in a manga style .	6	16	VBZ	has	have
the NN sound is in fact made by a jam block , as seen on the music video for the song .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the airport serves as an hub list the airlines here .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
a suicide attack kills four south korean tourists and a local guide in NNP , yemen .	2	3	VBZ	kills	kill
the mansion is on the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dam 's reservoir has a capacity of , of which is live ( active or `` useful '' ) storage .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
his friends say that he was famed for his ability to drink a NN of NN in a few seconds .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the year 1985 remains last in the metropolitan tournament and NNS .	1	3	VBZ	remains	remain
the important parts in background that are direct quotes would be rather difficult to VB , while the reviews are also mostly direct quotes .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NNP NN NNS have the ability to VB both types of JJ acid receptors .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the water is generally of good quality and supports a range of wildlife .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS compete in the disciplines of men 's singles and women 's singles .	0	1	VBP	compete	competes
although many common devices exhibit the effect , they are not designed for that purpose so the effect can vary widely between one batch of a certain device and another .	3	4	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
she has described her work as seeking to understand `` the mystery of creation , call it talent , the NN , or the JJ JJ moments in which inspiration flows .	29	30	VBZ	flows	flow
wikipedia policy is very clear about using our RB donated resources as a vehicle for advocacy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the articles cover han chinese , NNP , NNP , and other inner asian figures , as well as some europeans .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
another common approach is to say that you have `` forgotten '' the password and then change it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this edition covers content promoted between 13 and 19 may 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the administrative center of the NN is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ associations have their national NNP in NNP .	2	3	VBP	have	has
so while i believe the project is best served by its deletion , i am not convinced that it it required by policy ( although it may still be ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the game is NN , the press coverage is temporary .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
artists use a variety of approaches including bill NNS , NNS , and performance art put the artwork right in the public eye .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
all seems well in the end and the article looks about as good as it can for now .	8	9	VBZ	looks	look
the contents include extensive book reviews of both NN and fiction , review articles , listings of new and JJ books , letters , NNP internal affairs , calls for papers , works in progress , and an annual index .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
due to their common purchase at five and NN stores , collectors refer to NNP 's toy soldiers as `` NNP soldiers '' .	11	12	VBP	refer	refers
this is the first NNP bank ; all the other banks in cyprus are JJ .	10	13	VBP	are	is
commercial brands of these NNS most commonly VBN to treat NNP include NNP and NNP .	1	11	VBP	include	includes
the record low temperature is , set in december 1990 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2002 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
while NN times vary with the individual JJ system ( e .	2	3	VBP	vary	varies
these books contain much , but not all , of the same material as their counterparts ; and in most cases , but not all , charts from the new hal leonard books are compatible with the real book charts .	26	33	VBP	are	is
buses require exact NN in local currency , VBZ , or JJ tickets ; NNS are available .	0	1	VBP	require	requires
its name comes from a famous song by the spanish 1960s pop group NNP v , titled tell me .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
her focus within the uk is east sussex and nottingham .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
its end points are NNP in the north and NNP in the south .	2	3	VBP	are	is
furthermore , some NNS VBP from the diet foods which exhibit high JJ NNS , such as NNS .	3	4	VBP	exclude	excludes
for these NNS , hydraulic systems will remain of interest and if such a system is available , it is easy and logical to use this system for the rotating drives of the cooling systems , also .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the sound starts up again when they enter a field , and although NNP saves herself , NNP seems to be losing it .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the JJ congregation of the NNP sisters of the NNP of the holy face is a roman catholic order whose focus is providing acts of NNP to jesus christ .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
a specific subdivision of this law is JJ JJ , the prohibition of VBG any grain of NN near a NN ; this law applies to jews throughout the world , and one may not VB benefit from the produce .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the article is quite nice , including an JJ figure and several famous NN examples .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the NNP system , the enterprise encounters a NNP NNP , clearly searching for the NNP as well .	6	7	VBZ	encounters	encounter
i 've VBN let me know where that rule is .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in this case , the rules being broken here are the harassment of others .	5	9	VBP	are	is
outside view by NNP seems NN to me .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
former members include drummer johnny NNP and guitarist logan graham .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the party chairman is mike NNP , a jackson county executive who was given the position in november 2011 .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG a less well known aspect of wikipedia is important , but the positive or otherwise meaningful message is the most important thing .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
for now , NNP and all fm continue to be VBN by radio NNP , but the aim is for ownership to be transferred to residents and managed by local steering groups .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the most common NN in the NN of NN is JJ NN ( NNP ) , which has been classified as NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
a member of sons of the american revolution and the NNP society , NNP is only the second republican to hold his seat since reconstruction .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the subdivision takes its name from a farm owned by henry NNP , in the area of what is now NNP crescent .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
i believe that all high schools are notable , even those who have badly written articles .	5	6	VBP	are	is
comment the place the article is about is apparently at - google identifies it as NNP , with NNP perhaps a mile to the south-west .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ populations in this category today include `` NNPS , NNPS , NNPS , as well as north NNPS , NNPS , NNP , and NNP '' .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
NNS wear orange silk with red silk over that , VBD to reveal the inner layer .	0	1	VBP	wear	wears
NNP activists today are actively trying to prove that the homeland of the NNPS was india , india is the oldest civilization in the world , all civilization stems from india .	27	28	VBZ	stems	stem
the style is not to be confused with the somewhat closely related `` traditional '' hot rod , which is an accurate NN or JJ restoration of a hot rod from the same era .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the circle centered at h with radius CD , known as the JJ circle is JJ to each of the johnson circles .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
speaking only from the JJ sample of what i 've seen on my watchlist , far more visual edits need follow-up work to fix errors than NN edits , , but this is due to bugs and missing features in the visual editor rather than vandalism .	18	19	VBP	need	needs
most people in afghanistan prefer to watch tv in the evening , between CD to CD .	1	4	VBP	prefer	prefers
facilities include a church and the national tennis centre of norway .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
i agree that the word is used everywhere , but the audiences reading it in those books are generally more familiar with its positive NNS than your average NN , i think .	11	17	VBP	are	is
NNS include a pair of heat clubs and a force field .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the album contains 3 new songs and 1 previously unreleased remix by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
founded by NNP chinese soldiers , the village is famous for its views and tea cultivation .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
again , these findings indicate exposure of an open NN to material retained in the NN , increasing the risk for NN in older individuals .	3	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
the opposite of effective delegation is JJ , where a manager provides too much input , direction , and review of JJ work .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the domestic cup winners qualify for the NNP league preliminary phase .	3	4	VBP	qualify	qualifies
the intention is to cover the whole of of western australia to address that problem .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the hard stone VBZ NN and VBG the shell or extraction of seeds PRP$ NN .	2	3	VBZ	restricts	restrict
of the five major red flags with this user , content creation is the absolute least of the problems .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
bank holding companies and their NNS RB compete to provide services to credit unions through their NNP networks , corporate checking accounts , and certificate of deposit programs .	2	7	VBP	compete	competes
i see the articles talk about the protests -- but only RB about the camp -- in some cases , just that the NNS gave it as their address .	3	4	VBP	talk	talks
but these are not good NNS to be wikipedia articles -- to show notability the sources have to be external .	15	16	VBP	have	has
no reliable evidence exists about NNP 's NNS until a week later on october 3 , when he was found JJ on the streets of baltimore , outside ryan 's NNP ( sometimes referred to as NNP 's hall ) .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the movement draws NNS from people of diverse political beliefs including liberals , conservatives , and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
the NN NN is as in NNP NN , but the ground colour is pale JJ .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
matt NNP said that this line is among his favorite lines in the show .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
each personality type has its own potential NNS as well as areas that offer opportunities for growth .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
no , my own memory of events is perfectly good thanks .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP village is very famous for the temple of `` NNP NNP NNP '' located inside the village .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment it seems JJ to actually review the close rationale which said , rationale .	0	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the municipal budget for 2007 provides 4 CD CD dollars .	2	5	VBZ	provides	provide
a NN NN ( or JJ NN ) is a computer NN which employs a printing process that uses heat to transfer NN onto medium materials such as a plastic card , paper , or fabric .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
some NNS for NN NNS actually call for JJ NN in place of the NN , but it would be JJ to call them PRP .	1	6	VBP	call	calls
although there are no contentious or JJ negative comments that are in need of removal ( which i would have done myself ) , the entire article seems to be an JJ NN piece .	26	27	VBZ	seems	seem
a riot ( ) is a form of civil disorder characterized often by what is thought of as JJ groups VBG out in a sudden and intense NN of violence against authority , property or people .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
later the NNP tribe came to VB the land , on which the city sits today , who lived in the area for hundreds of years .	13	14	VBZ	sits	sit
the enormous NN of work this fraud would have needed makes these theories much more JJ than the NN in the literary works pointed out by NNP ( according to the scientific principle of NNP 's NN ) .	2	10	VBZ	makes	make
under this influence , the sample becomes NN , with different NNS of NN for light VBN parallel to or VB to the applied field .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the right way , imo , is to add content to the original ( even if you believe it is JJ ) , then request a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in an attempt to VB her of the girl he fell in love with , he tells her the pond is for her to wade in .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
each act will perform for three minutes , and their performance will not be terminated , as the judges have no buttons to press .	18	19	VBP	have	has
the drama VBZ around the duties of korean coast guard officers on NNS , terrorism threats , and other special missions ; and their NNS in life and love .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the reason for this is that the process of reflection is time VBG .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
currently the company employs over 180 people with facilities in the us and mexico .	2	3	VBZ	employs	employ
NNP ratio approaches one , and market power approaches zero .	1	2	VBZ	approaches	approach
in style and presentation , NNP ' works resemble those of the NNP master , heinrich NNP , who is therefore considered to have been his NN .	7	8	VBP	resemble	resembles
references in these instructions to `` the director '' include NNP 's nominated delegates .	0	9	VBP	include	includes
many states in the us have such NNS , and the obama administration has proposed a federal mandate to apply to all new health insurance plans in all states from august 1 , 2012 .	1	5	VBP	have	has
NNS entities include NNS , NNS , corporations , etc .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the storm produces moderate rainfall of up to 3 .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
its area extends from the NNP river until the NNP das NNP and NNP de NNP , in addition to the NNP dos NNP until the NNP do NNP and NNP de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
one thing to consider when getting a term loan is whether the interest rate is fixed or floating .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the first mandatory security standard required by the NNP legislation , NNP CD `` standards for security NNP of federal information and information systems '' provides the definitions of security categories .	4	25	VBZ	provides	provide
either NNP is a word in the NNP language meaning `` where two rivers meet '' , or it comes from a type of ship , the NN .	13	14	VBP	meet	meets
although the VBG scenes and objects seem to move by themselves , at one point thomas can be physically VBG them to move .	3	6	VBP	seem	seems
this kind of expansion is different from all kinds of NNS and NNS commonly seen in nature .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
my primary areas of interest ( at least of JJ interest ) are theology and church history , english literature ( up to about 1900 ) , JJ stories , romance languages , and various bits of american and european history and culture .	2	12	VBP	are	is
the festival features over 72 NNS and local music groups , as well as the `` artist 's NN walk '' in which artists of all ages compete to create the best NN drawing while JJ attend the festival .	23	27	VBP	compete	competes
the NN button usually has a coloured dot indicating the NN rating ( see table ) .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
the level of detail on , say , information technology infrastructure library , is way , way , way , way too high .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
because these bread NNS , or bread NNS , are cheap , JJ , and come in a variety of shapes and colors , some people collect them .	25	26	VBP	collect	collects
NNP '' designation is an urban planning name that indicates that it is the sixth JJ grid road in the milton NNP grid road system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the beer is almost JJ , with a NN taste .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in boys , history and physical exam is adequate to make the diagnosis .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
but the more time tony spends trying to get NNP to open up about what her relationship to his uncle was , the less he VBZ .	3	25	VBZ	cares	care
as she leaves the planet 's surface , broadcasting a NN call , a ship makes contact with her .	14	15	VBZ	makes	make
the repeated administration of NNS gives an effect JJ to that produced by repeated physical exercise by a transition from NN to NN .	2	5	VBZ	gives	give
the 2 , JJ acid molecule has two NNS ( two JJ NNS ) , and can exist as three different NNS .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
security council VBD that terrorism in all its forms and NNS constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security , and that any acts of terrorism are criminal and JJ , regardless of their motivation .	27	30	VBP	are	is
an attorney familiar with the military investigation VBZ the charges will relate to the use of physical violence to extract information from suspected NNS in the NNP area .	1	7	VBZ	expects	expect
while i know that my judgement is far from perfect , i wish people would VB and discuss my deletion decisions before VBG them .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the book , which spans diverse historical periods , covers questions as varied as the emergence of democracy in ancient athens and the social importance of the decline of the greek NN during the roman empire .	1	9	VBZ	covers	cover
its function was and is to `` aid , counsel , assist and protect , RB as is possible , the interests of small business concerns '' .	7	17	VBZ	is	are
the school district serves the municipalities NNP township , NNP borough and the borough of new alexandria .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
township covers an area of ; of land and of water .	0	1	VBZ	covers	cover
it seems that your company is afraid that losing wikipedia coverage will mean losing a part of pr .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this album is his favorite , along with machine head .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the land of NNP is very fertile and a number of crops are VBN all year round .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it is clear that many editors consider the refusal to end the trial on the date promised as a breach of trust , and that this is VBG the longer term discussion .	5	6	VBP	consider	considers
this palm is one of the NN plants of the middle east for its NN and JJ fruit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's version , played by welsh guitarist NNP NNP is one of the most famous modern versions of the song .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the program is educational in nature , and based on standards developed by the u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at this point the trail becomes very difficult and very JJ .	4	5	VBZ	becomes	become
however , as of 1927 , most canadian provinces require the minimum alcohol percentage to be VBN rather than the average .	8	9	VBP	require	requires
as one who edits several NNP topics NNP should have known this but instead the edit summary cites other , less relevant , concerns .	16	17	VBZ	cites	cite
even though each class has a very different primary functionality , the code needed to perform the secondary functionality is often identical .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
it is extremely common that people forget to choose the copyright status from the JJ NN , and get upset when images are JJ for failure to provide this info .	5	6	VBP	forget	forgets
this path represents an autonomous system VBG path from a given origin for a given set of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
memorable locations include a logging camp , NN boats , an offshore oil NN , and glen canyon dam , the latter while still under construction .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP book , which VBZ all oz books except the first , is best known for its extremely negative reception among oz fans .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the rear engine tends to VB and can quit while VBG on very hot days .	2	3	VBZ	tends	tend
NNP important topic is on the wikipedia vital articles page under the astronomy category .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN leaves are somewhat larger than the upper NN leaves and are more persistent and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a real estate market is social .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the catalog contains music from both major labels , such as NNP and sony , as well as large independent NNS , such as the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the name of the project is a NN of transit habitat reflecting the original intention to design an JJ vehicle to transfer humans to mars .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN of these remains became known as the port au NNP archaeological project , which began in 1984 and continues today [ 8 ] .	0	3	VBZ	remains	remain
i think the deletion by us users of canadian content is a problematic practice .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the company is a JJ profit making entity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this technique , typical of JJ and JJ NN painting , is not otherwise known from JJ workshops .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the current assembly of the nuclear NN is available online .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , the continuous state space of cnn NNS , with slight modifications that have no equivalent in cellular NNP , creates JJ behavior never seen before .	5	21	VBZ	creates	create
the one use that we see of them , in `` the spirit stone '' , leaves the user 's hands badly burned .	2	16	VBZ	leaves	leave
if this category , and its NN article , that NNP is already all over , goes the way of all flesh , so be it .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
it is true that part of my argument is that the vienna fingers page has more information than many other stubs ( like chips NNP ) .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
italy which VBP to the NN to which they are assigned ; the NN may have more or less rural area assigned , making the ratio change dramatically ; most cities in europe follow that notion ( commune in france , NN ( municipality ) in germany , etc .	30	33	VBP	follow	follows
shannon park now has a french NN school .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
abandoned children make up an JJ part of the human gene pool , as does all of romania .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
on the other side of the pass , the road VBZ through the market town of bat NNP , with a hindu NNP fort VBD above it , and continues past the NNS of the NNP canal to the NNP river .	9	10	VBZ	descends	descend
the goal of linear JJ analysis is to give a large separation of the class means while also keeping the JJ NN small .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
i wore ) , whereas subsequent NNS tend to be less elaborate .	6	7	VBP	tend	tends
the type locality is the ridge above NNP NNP in the NNP mountains .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a lot of the basic structure in life is similar , throughout all life , so a good percentage of these codes are the same in many different species of animals ( and even plants !	1	8	VBZ	is	are
previously unreleased songs include `` people are NNP '' , a 1964 track written by ron elliott prior to the group 's signing to autumn records .	5	6	VBP	Are	Is
the road passes just to the north of NNP wells , the NNP providing access to the town .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
NN and archaeological science maintain that available evidence indicates that the NNP NNS were constructed during the fourth dynasty period ( 3rd millennium bc ) , while the exact date of the great NNP is still unclear .	7	8	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the video for `` november rain '' uses the full version of the song as opposed to an JJ version .	1	7	VBZ	uses	use
the only factor that has gone against NNP is the drop in interest in reading amongst its target audience , due either to english , hindi or other media .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
his most recent board affiliation is as a director of first republic bank .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
one of the reasons , maybe , is that contents of the resolution need to be updated along the line of the present JJ situation of our municipality ( income and population of the municipality ) .	9	13	VBP	need	needs
a regular bus service runs between coral bay and NNP bay every 15 minutes and the journey time is 3 minutes .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
the first floor of terrace hill is a formal area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the valley along the illinois river is the location of the NNP national wildlife refuge .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
finally , the original author of the article , , appears to be an VBG organization similar to VB ; if true , this would violate the conflict of interest guideline .	4	10	VBZ	appears	appear
members ' timber sales go through the group , which also sets the prices for NNS .	3	4	VBP	go	goes
the NNP glen NNP designer outlet is a covered designer outlet , occupying restored great western railway works , near NNP town centre , england .	16	17	VBZ	works	work
if the negative material has a citation , but it does not accurately represent the cited source , the material should be changed to represent the source 's statements .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
but if the cable goes from the wall to the NN ( and from there to the tv ) , then i assume the recordings will be JJ .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
besides this original function , the theatre leads a second life as a venue for ballet and modern dance .	6	7	VBZ	leads	lead
unfortunately the tool fails to do this .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
as of april 2012 , the town has an estimated population of 10 , CD and a population density of 64 .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
NNS are an excellent source of NNP fiber , both JJ fiber and JJ fiber .	0	1	VBP	are	is
just like the list of beatles songs , this article offers a comprehensive list of information important to its artist common .	9	10	VBZ	offers	offer
the painting itself shows three JJ NNS and NNP VBG on the reverse .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
that being said , an administrator should already know if a block is excessive .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
light therapy has JJ widespread controlled JJ clinical trials , and wake therapy has been so widely studied over decades that the NN data are strong .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the music video of janet jackson 's does n't really matter features an NNP as the singer 's pet .	2	11	VBZ	features	feature
the body VBZ RB to excessive stress as it attempts to regain its healthy dynamic balance '' ; `` in RB JJ situations , NNS may be brought into play to remedy the NN the body finds itself in .	35	36	VBZ	finds	find
speedy create this category , since already exists , and now marks 60 articles .	3	11	VBZ	marks	mark
this program includes drama , dance , voice , strings and creative writing .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
in order to write an encyclopedia article on it , the only way to do that is through synthesis of sources , and the only way to do that properly is with reliable , independent sources .	25	30	VBZ	is	are
then the JJ thing happens and they both fall in love with NNP .	3	4	VBZ	happens	happen
other stories for the character include NN , JJ stands , heavy drinking and NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the article includes text from the report , which is in the public domain .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
formally , these NNS look like regular NNS except that a NN NN ( from NNP NNP , from JJ NNP ) is added to the stem in the plural and NNS VBP .	3	4	VBP	look	looks
the device of the provisional administrative entity of south NNP is similar to the NN of north NNP , [ 1 ] .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
even as a stub , the article says that it was published on april 20 , that 2004 was their first annual such list , and the article describes how the names were arranged .	6	7	VBZ	says	say
notable NNS include running the content management software for is solutions [ 1 ] whose clients include toyota , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	15	16	VBP	include	includes
the programs featured included entertainment , VBZ , and other celebrations broadcast live on the week of 25 june 2007 to 1 july 2007 .	10	11	VBP	broadcast	broadcasts
the bank has several branches in baghdad and the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
keep , although it has room for improvement , this list already assists with the organisation of articles , and aids the creation of new ones .	10	12	VBZ	assists	assist
his voice is not large , but the dark NN of his voice gives it power and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ feature of NNP 's diary is its arc from the first pages in 1940 to its conclusion in 1945 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
while the site remains at the .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
if this topic is worthy of an article , it would be better to start over and write the article using clear paragraphs .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the sport is part of the national curriculum beginning at year 3 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the meantime , the NN way is to be filled with stone dust .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
hence , this enzyme has one NN , JJ JJ , and one product , JJ JJ .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the corporation has 30 JJ factories and employs more than 20 , 000 workers .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the river begins at the junction of arthur river and NNP river near NNP and travels in a south JJ direction through the town of NNP then through NNP until it VBZ into the southern ocean at hardy inlet near the town of augusta .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
study of ion channels ( NNS ) often includes NNS , NN and NN , VBG techniques including voltage NN , patch NN , NN , and NNP .	0	8	VBZ	includes	include
the fact that their recent NNS use fake NNS .	5	6	VBP	use	uses
one day , NNP bear VBZ some NN , but it turns out to be too hot , so the family goes out for a walk to let it cool off .	20	21	VBZ	goes	go
the JJ , JJ guard also has a reputation as a reliable NN who works hard to stay healthy .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
i 'm sorry but the evidence above shows him checking your contributions rather than VBG .	5	7	VBZ	shows	show
the name derives from the JJ elephant NNP which forms the south and east shore of the NN , and may have been given by american NNS at heard island in the period following their NN of VBG there in 1855 .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
the band also forms a large NN ( the state flower of kansas ) on the field to the tune of `` NNP song '' .	1	3	VBZ	forms	form
depending on temperature , the entire life cycle involving development from egg to adult takes from CD to CD hours .	7	14	VBZ	takes	take
since the rising popularity of virtual machines , an alternative method is to launch the game inside a windows 95 NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
however , since NNS pass at night as often as they do in the day , morning rain is no NN of a dry afternoon .	3	4	VBP	pass	passes
for undergraduate students , an increasing number of departments VBP NN to ensure that the NNS between potential students and subject places available at each college are as uniform as possible .	15	26	VBP	are	is
we can suggest that people wait before VBG any categories in NN .	4	5	VBP	wait	waits
the information is valuable , but should be in the article body rather than in a template .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
our site is one of the references given in the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the designation for a land NN breaks down by province , but follows the rule whereby the first letter indicates the province , followed by l .	18	19	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the random article feature is n't as random as you might think .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the day of the dead based on true facts , a gang of suburban kids is JJ homeless people just for fun in the streets of chicago .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
a line of NNS ' graves leads to the prospect tower , which can be let via the landmark trust .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead
some of the above comments would be much better informed if it were kept in mind that the english counting system derives from that of the JJ NNS and did not arise from scratch .	20	21	VBZ	derives	derive
the georgia row house is a 3 story building in douglas county erected in 1890 for j .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
revolution has a JJ rating of 64 from 32 mostly positive critic reviews , with glenn NNP from the new york times saying `` revolution is big , bold and JJ adventure , a JJ story for end times .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
per this link , it seems that this term refers to a religion in a work of fiction .	8	9	VBZ	refers	refer
pulse NNS are available for generating output NNS having NNS ( duration ) ranging from minutes down to under 1 NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NN are not united ; each tribe is different , and there are NNP and NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
evidence for the NN of NN as an NN drug from human studies is weak .	0	13	VBZ	is	are
the JJ municipalities are NNP in the north-west and madrid in the south-east NNP is celebrating its town NN every 15 august .	2	3	VBP	are	is
elements of georgian revival architecture that were incorporated into the NNP dining room NN include , JJ VBG with NN VBG around the windows and doors , a NN with classical details , and NNS .	0	14	VBP	include	includes
the title occurs often in local business and areas with examples such as the former NNP kirk ( now soul ) , NNP press and NNP housing association .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNP , your argument seems appropriate for NNP , but for this insane asylum his c .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
chip calls steven that night , telling him he 's paying robin a visit .	0	1	VBZ	calls	call
almost 100 NNS of various sizes dominate the JJ landscape .	2	6	VBP	dominate	dominates
rs , and recognition by keith NNP is substantial recognition .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the result of these advantages is that higher NNS of JJ produce are obtained over an extended period of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as soon as the clock strikes 12 NN , NNP races outside the office building to his car and heads out on the highway .	4	5	VBZ	strikes	strike
NNP NNP mall is currently under construction .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep JJ rivers are different from JJ rivers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
maybe the article shows notability in the future , and we can move it to the main section .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
NNS often consider this JJ use of NNP an error because some NNP letters lack NNS in the other NNS .	13	14	VBP	lack	lacks
powers include flight , a NN , and a NN with explosive NNS on the left arm , and self NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
NNS that reduce NN by indirect JJ effects also include JJR JJ NNS such as NN .	0	9	VBP	include	includes
novel information by the author before the book is published on wikipedia .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
their habit is the black NN ( NN NN ) which formed the usual NN of JJ secular priests in the time of st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the brothers are members of NNP NNP phi fraternity .	1	2	VBP	are	is
ten plays from the documentary theater , NNP VBZ the most important 20th century examples of the genre and demonstrates that documentary theatre is highly relevant and JJ in societies that create and VBP contemporary news as RB as we do .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
evidence of such programs includes an JJ report of a 2006 NN test , and a photo of a JJ JJ NN on the chinese internet .	0	4	VBZ	includes	include
an NN clause is a JJ term for a legal provision VBG to ensure that a constitution or basic law can not be changed by subsequent legal NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
third party databases include NNP , NNP and NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the fruit is JJ for humans but is not a favored food .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
uk albums chart on 4 november 2012 , becoming NNP ' seventh studio album out of ten to reach the top 10 in the uk .	12	13	VBZ	album	album
the loose end has a slight rising bend .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
elections are not meant to be transparent in the sense of publishing all the votes , and the selection of NNS is indeed an election , not a consensus gathering process .	18	21	VBZ	is	are
his most recognized works are NNP movies and more NNP movies , which are collections of short comedy films ranging in time from five seconds to almost a minute .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the governing body is the NNP academy of letters , which awards the annual literary prize NNP book of the year since 1989 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
appearances speak as loud as words .	0	1	VBP	speak	speaks
NNP listings of all participants and winners are not helpful .	1	7	VBP	are	is
other NNS probably have their own conventions .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the river flows from NNP lake in the cape NNP highlands into the gulf of saint lawrence at the village of NNP , nova scotia .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
RB , the song is a step away from what was the norm for NNP NNP during the time of the song 's release .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its official area is west columbus although they are technically two separate neighborhoods , cherry creek and murray hill are often considered the same neighborhood .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the development of the architectural feature known as the choir is the result of the JJ development brought about by the end of NNS under NNP e the great and the rise of NN .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the best way to fight free NNS is to eat tons of NNP c and NNP e ( particularly a la NNP NNP ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
PRP is a constantly JJ battle against forces that far VBP them , and their achievements are often in the nature of small victories in the larger war .	15	16	VBP	are	is
its structure and function is similar to that of human growth NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the emphasis on agency focuses attention on those actions , events , and moments in social life in which JJ action is especially JJ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
american engineers regard the suspension bridge as a major achievement of efficiency .	1	2	VBP	regard	regards
JJ cells whose bodies form part of the NN but whose bases extend to form muscle NNS in parallel rows .	1	4	VBP	form	forms
the american documentary showcase aspect of the american film program exhibits independent american films depicting american society culture in foreign countries .	4	10	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
the main differences between an optical and an atom laser are that atoms interact with themselves , can not be created as NNS can , and possess mass whereas NNS do not ( they therefore VBP at a speed below that of light ) .	12	13	VBP	interact	interacts
unusually this issue also contains behind the scenes information on the cover art of the series .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
this is the only place outside the NN where the piano VBZ the older range of seven NNS , jumping two NNS up to NNP just one single time .	10	11	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
another more JJ nickname is the NNP ' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
remake characters in the series include a don juan de marco and multiple NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
jokes could qualify , but some jokes are actually answers , as well .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNP subject is relevant to hundreds if not thousands of individuals using the subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this doctrine permits a federal court to stay a NN 's claim that a state law VBZ the constitution until the state 's NN has had an opportunity to apply the law to the NN 's particular case .	1	2	VBZ	permits	permit
well , lack of quality is never a reason to VB a page from a ft .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
as households are common breeding grounds for NNS and are less accessible for NN , residents can help by checking for JJ water in their households and neighbourhood and ensuring no NN of NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
whether or not this was true , the accusation causes amanda to drop NNP in every sense of the word .	8	9	VBZ	causes	cause
bach , the fifth book ends with the famous `` für NNP '' by NNP , the sixth book ends with the NNP in c major , k .	4	5	VBZ	ends	end
i think this case study is good for wikipedia community to understand how some fake appearances can be created in wikipedia .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at present ( 2011 ) , the JJ area initially planned by john NNP consists of the NNP center mall - now an office complex - and several public structures including the children 's museum of pittsburgh .	8	14	VBZ	consists	consist
the wildlife NNP was established in 1973 by JJ ranger NNP wilson and his wife NNP ( now late ) , and its primary function is to offer a home to VBN , abandoned and sick wild animals .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
NN '' is the third single from the album .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
they do their job , they get to stick around and help JJ customers turn their lives around .	13	14	VBP	turn	turns
his life as an NN influences his son that grew up while NNP served sixteen years in prison in NNP , texas .	1	5	VBZ	influences	influence
the cover NNS show distinct JJ NN with JJ NN structures in places .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
student course NNS for NNS are typically very high .	2	5	VBP	are	is
a small NN frame building in the southwest corner serves as a visitor center .	4	9	VBZ	serves	serve
JJ NNP ( and other similar systems ) get regularly tested by running the computer NN against what really happened , and the algorithm used in the NN learns accordingly .	23	28	VBZ	learns	learn
the upper NNS of the mountains consist primarily of a very hard NN limestone , and it is very common to find fossils of NNS and snails VBN in them .	2	6	VBP	consist	consists
this area includes , among others , the NNS of st .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
conspiracy theory article seems to be doing that ( more or less ) , so i can live with it .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the single largest restriction is the need to supply NN to the NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a communication screen in the vehicle allows for JJ communication between the driver and the home office .	2	6	VBZ	allows	allow
a gallery extending to the west features historical photographs , VBZ the lake and provides access to VB and JJR facilities .	1	6	VBZ	features	feature
the other major business is automobile .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the population itself is abundant , but subject to threat by habitat loss , since the range is small .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
this article contains titles of books in the NNP club series , a children 's book series credited to NNP bryant , as well as a JJ series .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
british NNS VBP to arrest benedict for crimes against humanity when he visits the uk .	1	2	VBP	threaten	threatens
not all compounds that are JJ actually exist .	2	7	VBP	exist	exists
the first part of the name , `` NNP '' , refers to the name of the region , NNP ( in english ; `` NNP '' in german ) .	2	11	VBZ	refers	refer
the NNS have a NN of about 110 mm , and fly from july to december in mexico .	1	2	VBP	have	has
while the primary reason for NNP address NN is insufficient design capacity of the original internet infrastructure , several additional driving factors have VBN the NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the idea of the phrase is that cats do what they want and are very hard , if not impossible , to train .	7	8	VBP	do	does
editors and administrators of the encyclopedia need to work much harder at VBG themselves above this type of prejudice and bias .	0	6	VBP	need	needs
add to that the fact that an JJ username makes me look NN .	8	9	VBZ	makes	make
i dont really think that all voters are NNS , just that there is so much NN in the electorate .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP NN population in gibraltar is the only one in the european continent , and , unlike that of north africa , it is VBG .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the current building is the third county courthouse built in NNP county .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
also , if the hill is high , it might make sense to use a series of NNS which each pump to a tank a bit higher up , rather than one huge pump at the bottom .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
professional association '' has no real meaning , whereas `` trade union '' does .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
survey articles are for that , in part .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the hierarchy continues until the final match determines the ultimate winner .	6	7	VBZ	determines	determine
fair use in NNP ( 2006 film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN is an open NN with branches each up to 10 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP CC kenneth NNP says that the story is `` a sustained NN of JJ NN in the face of JJ and JJ NN '' .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the dam is a highway fill NN along interstate 75 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
among them were NNP das , man singh i , who fought and governed from NNP to NNP and NNP and NNP singh i , commonly known by his imperial title of NNP raja , whose name appears in all the wars of shah NNP and NNP .	36	37	VBZ	appears	appear
the elevation of the construction site is above sea level , facing south east , adjacent to NNP mall on NNP hill , in NNP 's central business district .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in NN , for example , ( l ) dialects are as likely to have VBN absent from the ( h ) as vice NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
RB , though , some extreme page format work seems to be in order .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
it is unclear when the move is to actually happen , even though it appears to enjoy warm support from the community .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the style of the building , which is regarded as NNP 's best work , is NNP , featuring also elements of JJ architecture and NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
a post is a JJ message enclosed into a block containing the user 's details and the date and time it was submitted .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all animation rights go to disney , however i did take the picture myself .	2	3	VBP	go	goes
at most times of day passengers VBG to travel beyond princes NNP have to change , but in the early morning , peak hours and late NNS there are through services to .	23	28	VBP	are	is
if a player uses them RB , their JJ behavior will reflect that ; RB , if the player uses them RB , VBG other tribes , their behavior will be more kind .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the average NN lifetime considering delayed NNS is approximately 0 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP page for the band shows regional tour , not national tour .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show
all routes are scenic and one can get JJ views of geography which changes while travelling .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article also needs more sources for the career NN .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
the rational rest of the world sees a naked human being .	2	6	VBZ	sees	see
it is clear that males are JJ in this population .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the area gives home to various kinds of birds , like the great NNP , purple NNP , common NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
in dutch , the name for a NN shop is still JJ , and the same NN NNS in the names of various banks ( unless named after some family ) .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
any time an editor in good faith leaves the discussion upset , i do consider it a variable degree of failure on my part .	3	7	VBZ	leaves	leave
the book is split into three parts , the first of which is set 14 years after the events in NNP ; the last two parts are set five years after part one .	25	26	VBP	are	is
that robert alexander has included coverage of this group in his vast volume on the NNP movement , as the nominator states , indicates that the group is the subject of scholarly interest .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
main families in this riverside village are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and some new who came to this calm and growing village in 2009 .	1	6	VBP	are	is
cars with soul january CD gear magazine material taken from various series , featuring cars that the top gear NNS hold special NN and respect for .	19	20	VBP	hold	holds
i think the statements in the notes need references .	3	7	VBP	need	needs
this category comprises templates used by wikiproject australia .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
in mature JJ regions , interactions with the JJ proteins appear vital for the stability of all JJ regions .	5	10	VBP	appear	appears
these engineers need to be able to VB an NNP interference pattern or problems that VBP wireless communications .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
recently , individual people are not the only ones who claim to provide care .	3	4	VBP	are	is
all saints church NNS onto NNP college , NNP with which the parish has a long and close relationship .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
if a father has a daughter the gender characteristics are cause by both the mother and father .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
my understanding is that uk analog NNS use programs that can be VBN to different channels ( frequencies ) , so you may have to do more work at the tv to find the NNP picture .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the video is full of it !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the trial of former governor of illinois rod NNP on corruption charges begins today in the united states .	1	12	VBZ	begins	begin
the society also records the numbers and species of birds in the area for its annual report called NNP birds .	1	3	VBZ	records	record
this understanding of history and elizabeth 's place in it forms the background to the symbolic portraits of the latter half of her reign .	1	10	VBZ	forms	form
however , the concept of the article is valid ( it has the potential to be far more than a pov fork ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
your ip address tells me you are in the uk , so read copyright law of the united kingdom and try this site for registration .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the men 's football team currently plays in the fourth division , the fifth tier of norwegian football , after being relegated from the third division in 2010 .	4	6	VBZ	plays	play
parents and children arrive at the church and are VBN by the vicar .	0	3	VBP	arrive	arrives
adults are on wing year round in NN areas with peaks in summer and autumn .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the first four reverts are straight reverts , and in the last you VBD the problematic sources and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
night of joy is an annual contemporary christian music festival that takes place at walt disney world resort in florida .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
as the sun 's vertical rays move south of the NN , most of the country experiences RB cool weather ; temperatures change by about per degree of NN .	5	6	VBP	move	moves
the flat , JJ leaf blades are linear to narrowly JJ to VB , with entire NNS , and NN , NN , rounded , or VB base .	5	6	VBP	are	is
regarding the politicians , the article already has sections dedicated to them , as i linked to above , so additional material should be added to those sections .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
the shield is white , the old NNS of the infantry .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ program consists of 900 hours , including dive time .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
part of NNP 's lasting legacy is NNP tower , a JJ structure in the center of the NNP campus .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
NN NNP season is the CD since its establishment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the correct statement is that as they separate , the NN attraction NNS , therefore the potential energy increases more slowly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN square in the village has two public houses ( one of which is a hotel ) , a couple of restaurants , and a NN .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the NN block has to fulfill the requirement that the behaviour of the JJ plant matches the behaviour of the JJ , that is JJ plant .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
when models are VBN with code NNS as in the build pdf example , it is necessary to check that models and code actually fit .	20	24	VBP	fit	fits
after NN of active development of NNP on NNP , the efforts to provide the NNP environment on windows continue with the NNP windows initiative .	11	19	VBP	continue	continues
this category contains articles related to JJ events and launches in 2005 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
normally women are NNS since their birth until they VBP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fault is an integral part of the east pacific rise , linking the NNP basin in the north with a smaller spreading center to the south .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name is in NN to the many NNS which are VBN round the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP NNP or old NNP road , federal route is the oldest and the first major road in NNP valley , malaysia before the federal highway was built in 1965 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this category is for civil parishes in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i happen to live in a city where NNP NN towers remain standing , partly for the same reason ) .	10	11	VBP	remain	remains
all sea NNS have similar basic NN NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the school is a part of the JJ NNP schools in the philippines , and is owned and operated by the order of JJ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
where these other latin JJ NNS are in use , their celebration in the latin language is sometimes referred to as `` latin mass '' .	5	6	VBP	are	is
gulf countries , mostly in saudi arabia and 45 villagers work as teachers .	1	10	VBP	work	works
the president of the tokyo electric power company ( NNP ) , NNP NNP , formally VBZ at the JJ government office in NNP to the NNP governor NNP NNP for the nuclear crisis following the 11 march 2011 earthquake and NN .	1	16	VBZ	apologizes	apologize
these tools enable the NNS engineer to gather , process , NN , NN and manage RB related information to solve a wide range of technical and JJ problems .	1	2	VBP	enable	enables
yes , it VBZ from the academic background ( the fate of the body of a historical man is not part of his NN ) , but it VBZ that the dispute is over .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
even as schools compete for students , those students are learning to brand themselves in an effort to VB colleges .	2	3	VBP	compete	competes
the men 's football team currently plays in the fourth division ( fifth tier ) .	4	6	VBZ	plays	play
the NNP will then check to make sure that this permission set contains the required NNS specified by the assembly .	10	12	VBZ	contains	contain
the teeth consist of easily VBN calcium NN , an NN .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
VBG that the NNP would kick them out , and what their NNS would be like ( due to their RB different mutant NNS ; angel 's NN is JJ ) they did n't know what to do .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
however , i feel that the original view - that this information is JJ , only RB encyclopedic and that most of it is covered in NNP ' still applies .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the article creator has already been warned that the article appears to be a hoax .	9	10	VBZ	appears	appear
furthermore , an exception applies in the case of member states of the european community RB as community regulations ( which under article CD of the treaty of rome are directly applicable ) may VB application of a specific measure at a given level of administration .	3	4	VBZ	applies	apply
principal component analysis ( NNP ) is the most commonly employed tool to do this .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the island is reached by a short boat crossing across the kyle of NNP from NNP , but the sea here is very shallow and landing on NNP can be difficult when there is a NN .	19	21	VBZ	is	are
the two story lines are about 600 years apart , with spring 's story taking place at the NN of the printing press in CD , and blake 's taking place in the late 20th or early 21st century .	3	4	VBP	are	is
people are intelligent enough to read the accompanying text and to realize that it is not used to support NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in a NN contract , NN from PRP ' the total number of cards that VBP and VBP hold in the defenders ' suit and duck their lead of the suit that many times ; CC ' is equal to four plus the level of the contract .	11	37	VBZ	is	are
that victory total is still among the top 40 coaches in the history of the game .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a consequence of this system is that , each time a side VBZ the service , the server will be the player who did not serve last time .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other instances , such as emperor NNP 's CD rebellion against the NNP NN and the CD NNP restoration under emperor NNP , show the power struggle between the imperial house and the military governments of japan .	1	23	VBP	show	shows
current population estimates are under 5 , 000 birds .	2	3	VBP	are	is
so the raiders and the NNS have no historical links although the new team consists mostly of former raiders players .	13	14	VBZ	consists	consist
weak keep - the program appears to be widely adopted throughout a significant portion of europe .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP 's main headquarters are located in rome , italy , and the agency also has direct control over three operational centres .	13	15	VBZ	has	have
audio games are games specifically for NNS who are blind .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category is about international bridges in the state of NNP , mexico .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
former professional NNS include the cedar rapids river raiders of the united states basketball league , the cedar rapids NNP of the global basketball association and the cedar rapids silver bullets of the continental basketball association .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
for NNP NNP , the main protagonist , who has VBN to his position because a griffin chose him , his background means that he does not have access to justice .	21	22	VBZ	means	mean
however , it is JJ for one of the most popular , JJ , and influential television shows ever , which makes its NN a bit more notable .	16	17	VBZ	shows	show
numerous species are NNS , of these most are maternal NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some NN groups are JJ , JJ , NN and NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
more information is coming out , and the reason to keep this is to keep the facts straight , in that we should list everything that they have ruled out or are looking at , including the weather , mechanical error , or pilot error .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the public areas of cumberland island are part of a national NN managed by the national park service .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the systems of the chinese versions are not JJ with those of the international models .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the focus of this journal is significant developments in the JJ region .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS like corporate spam , but company is RB large enough that i VBD there needed to be discussion here .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
from here , the route passes more commercial NNS as a JJ road , heading RB from route 24 , before crossing county route NNP .	4	5	VBZ	passes	pass
as of march 2013 , his best showing at the world championships is 16th , in the CD event .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
my preferred method is to copy old messages to archive pages , as you can see on my talk page .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other solid surface manufacturers include NNP 's NNP line ; NNP 's gibraltar solid surface ; NNP surfaces , made by us surface warehouse ( NNP ) in texas ; NNP , made in spain ; and NNP , made in slovenia .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
reaction distances vary with NN species and behaviour .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the meat of NNP NN has low fat ( only 1 .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
one NN , NNP , has a social democratic editorial page .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
stubs are one thing , but anybody seeing the phrase afghan defense ministry knows RB this without reading the article .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the focus of the program is the education of JJ leaders who are able to combine knowledge of systems and nursing care , the ability to build and manage teams , and apply JJ practice to improve patient outcomes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in the currently VBN JJ model of our universe , the `` JJ diameter distance '' of an object is a good NN to the `` real distance '' , i .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
compression shorts are also popular among female athletes , especially among those who wear NNS or NNS during games .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the story begins in 1913 in denmark , when karen NNP ( a wealthy but JJ woman ) asks her friend baron NNP NNP ( NNP maria NNP ) to enter into a marriage of convenience with her .	16	18	VBZ	asks	ask
big and rich sang the national anthem , while academy award winning actor nicolas cage served as the grand marshall of the event , giving the command to have the drivers start their engines in a low key manner .	30	31	VBP	start	starts
the solution is expansion through regular editing process , not deletion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if they edit war again , a longer block is a good option .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
some teams argue that it is unfair for the negative to have to debate a JJ case and thus the judge should vote against one .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
the season runs from the end of may to august .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
this category includes all fighter aircraft .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
it gets a little complicated when a reference occurs in multiple locations .	7	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
after the NN was instead named after ted turner , the city of atlanta renamed the section of capitol avenue on which the stadium sits hank aaron drive , giving turner field the street number CD , after aaron 's home run total .	23	24	VBZ	sits	sit
the former main line is now `` something of a NN '' , with the appearance of a rural branch line in places .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
on NNP a marine climate influenced by the gulf stream is JJ .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
others suggest that JJ learning activities like those found in team training or NNS courses are also NNS because they VBP the human JJ processes groups may display , albeit in a very different environment .	5	15	VBP	are	is
upon completing a physical fitness test and speech given to the squadron , and after the extra JJ term , the cadet will earn the neil armstrong achievement , which is the final achievement a cadet is able to receive before promoting on to NN .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
WP told you this is completely off the mark since , as described above by NNP , the universe has no center .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
if a player uses a card from either the deck or the NN NN , in order to maintain a count of nine cards the player must `` pay '' for this card by VBG a card from their own hand .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the island serves as public beaches , and island b also features NN facilities on each side of the road .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
students in NNP park attend schools in NNP park independent school district .	0	4	VBP	attend	attends
in june both armies set their camps close to each other near the small fortress NNP to the north of NNP .	3	4	VBP	set	sets
the princeton tigers women 's ice hockey team represents princeton university .	7	8	VBZ	represents	represent
typical industrial applications for circuits like that are JJ power supplies ( NNP ) , where NNS have replaced banks of JJ NNS that required much more space .	2	7	VBP	are	is
challenge JJ transactions allow a NN to attempt to VB NNP .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
we have enough problems getting people to improve articles without getting people to VB that articles need to be improved .	15	16	VBP	need	needs
this list is incomplete and may be VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
apparently this program works even with movies released after the NNP la expired the first batch of keys .	2	3	VBZ	works	work
the chapter VBZ how NNP developed the definition and explains that the concept of organization is abstract .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
the name also helps distinguish him from other important figures in early christianity of the same name , such as james , son of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	helps	help
also the end is where bruce VBZ rachel in his apartment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however most problems with admins are not due to lack of knowledge of policies , but lack of respect for them .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the rate of breast cancer in men appears to be rising somewhat .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
even a common word ( such as `` floor '' , `` table '' or `` hill '' ) usually gets over 9 , 000 hits per month ( over 300 per day ) .	3	20	VBZ	gets	get
conditions need to be just right .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
in the health insurance and the health care industries , NNP occurs when doctors and other health care providers receive a fee for each service such as an office visit , test , procedure , or other health care service .	13	19	VBP	receive	receives
the stadium is the 8th largest JJ stadium in the united states and the 14th largest such stadium in the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he quoted george NNP , NNP NNP ( 1949 ) CD , where in a sudden jump , mid sentence , the government VBZ war on NNP instead , without NN , and said this was like the approach to interpretation of the majority .	22	23	VBZ	declares	declare
the law of NN , attributed to louis NNP , is the observation that living things come only from other living things , by reproduction ( e .	15	16	VBP	come	comes
the building includes two full NNS with multiple changing rooms with NNS , a weight room , an elevator , and a 500 seat auditorium .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this is necessary when the article is on a modern copyrighted work , such as a video game or a film .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
however , occupation in the legal profession is not a NN to becoming a JJ , and a person of any profession may apply for and obtain a commission .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
as VBN charge carriers are less likely to be trapped , the probability for NNS to decay through the JJ NN increases .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a louisville NN that highlights this scene is NNP road , an area located in the heart of the highlands .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the setting is the spring NNP when a shadow said to represent the maya JJ NNP appears on one temple pyramid .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
consequently , the oldest town of the community is NNP , where a settlement from the period between CD to 600 bc was found .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
only 3 reverts are listed here in the past 24 hours , but i think the pattern of this editor VBG on reverting his new material into the article and deleting JJ material while VBG little for achieving talk page consensus is pretty clear .	16	41	VBZ	is	are
the centre of NNP retains much of its historic character and the renovation of market place has been completed , now with an artistic and community focus .	1	4	VBZ	retains	retain
NNP characteristic as the sphere of the same dimension ( this condition is JJ if the dimension is odd ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
its origin ( ) is NNP NNP in quebec , canada .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the mean temperature on january 1 is 50 degrees f .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his work on the classic austrian stamps is an important document of austrian RB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the construction architecture is NNP IN consisting of multiple NNS with panel posts generally VBD 10 feet apart .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the image is from the newspaper associated press .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the `` feel '' of such instruments is rich and JJ to the point that they seem out of place when used in darker , more JJ pieces of classical music .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the resulting intersection form is a very important JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other sources say the attacking plane was a NNP NN ) .	1	2	VBP	say	says
his wife , NNP , is a journalist and editor who writes about music and the arts , and his son NNP is an editor , journalist and screenwriter .	20	22	VBZ	is	are
these species all have JJ NNS and usually exhibit a JJ sequence of flower NN .	1	3	VBP	have	has
as the very first written records also tend to date at about the same time as the very first cities about CD years ago .	5	7	VBP	tend	tends
villages around the lake include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this is where his title NNP , meaning `` son of a consul '' , comes from .	9	15	VBZ	comes	come
northern NNP '' and included it in the article to make it look as if all those sources describe this alleged historical region , which they do n't .	17	18	VBP	describe	describes
the village is just south of the border with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the two NNS are alone , NNP is full of life and NN , but in the presence of others she is content to play the part of a NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
your exceptional history , to contrary , seems to consist of no less than 15 blocks , one of which was supposed to last indefinitely , relating RB to edit warring and JJ behavior , the last of which just ended a few weeks ago .	2	7	VBZ	seems	seem
main fa criteria concerns are lead ( CD ) , NN ( CD ) , and citations ( CD ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
when i add a category tag to the bottom of an article and then hit the NN button , the category box does not appear in the NN , but when i save my edit and go back to the article page , it 's there !	21	22	VBZ	does	do
JJ NN content is visible to search engines , but these are slightly harder to VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the route begins in london 's victoria coach station , and stops in north london at NNP green before going RB along the NNP motorway .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the reverse side of the JJ NN reads , `` CD annual NNP , department of illinois , g .	2	7	VBZ	reads	read
concrete discussion of JJ problems , pending NN of which `` the society has no JJ status in the church and its ministers can not RB exercise any ministry '' , meetings were to continue at approximately JJ intervals .	1	13	VBZ	has	have
this day is the NN of a common year because there are CD days before and CD days after it in common years , and CD before and CD after in JJ years .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the spanish horror writers association , NNP , is a non-profit association whose objective is to promote horror literature written in spanish by spanish authors .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
plant food , which is consumed more in autumn and winter , includes the NNS , seeds , flowers , shoots and seeds of water plants , NNS and fruit .	1	12	VBZ	includes	include
the tower base consists of the underground floor and the first four floors above ground .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
from NNP the transmission line continues southwest to the east devon NNP by overhead NNS supported by JJ ( 35 m ) NNS .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
their main advantage , when compared to other forms of government intervention in markets , is that they are a mechanism that VBZ its objectives `` quickly and directly '' .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
true to his broadcasting style , he always asks that fans give him their preferred pronunciation of their name .	10	11	VBP	give	gives
route 29 is the primary JJ route and comes up the NNP valley from NNP into NNP county .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
her ) NN NNS of NN , NN and NN in the NN of deep suffering VBP us that god always provides the strength we need to overcome every trial '' , the pope stated before the ceremony ended .	3	16	VBP	remind	reminds
in NNP , JJ forces drive the solution process , and NN is used to VB energy .	4	5	VBP	drive	drives
the flight is straight , with rapid NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these JJ snails live in mud NNS with vegetation , in NN NNS and salt NNS , but RB away from direct contact with sea water .	2	3	VBP	live	lives
in the NNP one shot , NNP encounters an artist called NNP ( an NN to the comic artist jack NNP ) whose mysterious crystal brings his drawings to life before VBG .	24	25	VBZ	brings	bring
again , james was a bit JJ , but people tend to get VBN if they feel someone is trying to `` force '' an article forward and ignoring NN and advice about it .	9	10	VBP	tend	tends
NNP 's chronicle also mentions that area between NNP , NNP and NNP was inhabited by NNP and NNP , which also VBZ some claims from NNP NNP regarding the entering of NNP tribes in the NNP plain and battles against NNP and NNP .	2	4	VBZ	mentions	mention
the plot follows NNP and NNP as they are swept away in a carnival hot air balloon .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
many JJ labs offer this as NN service for film processing , but some labs offer this as premium JJ service .	2	3	VBP	offer	offers
fair use rationale for use in the article international fund for animal NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the man reveals that he is VBN to a bomb , which VBZ in the ensuing NN .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
keep all genuine villages are notable .	3	4	VBP	are	is
we have certain structures which have been VBN out after blood and NN , but RB the more radical elements of our contributors are hardly likely to VB our practices , and so the quality of our articles continues in an occasionally JJ direction RB .	19	23	VBP	are	is
this coaster has six cars each with two rows of two , seating 24 riders in total .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the line is long and follows the south bank of the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article currently only has 2 references which seems pretty NN .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
NNS are able to position themselves near the NN to run out of NNS , stopping the clock at the end of the play ( the last two minutes of each half in the nfl , and the last three minutes of each half in the NNP ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
JJ students have the opportunity to study abroad in china , chile , japan , mexico , spain and italy .	1	2	VBP	have	has
one study suggests that after the lost decade an increasing `` NN of regulatory authorities '' emerged , multiple projects and years of failed attempts , for the argentine state to comply , the renewal and intervention seemed VBN .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
critics of the design have suggested the building has the air of a municipal , public , civil building .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the JJ bridge crosses the south NNP river between commons park and commons west apartments along the former 16th street NN .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
the second disc is available as the NNP ' song , released by drag city in 2008 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many of paris 's important institutions are located outside the city limits ; the financial business district is in la NNP , and many of the educational institutions lie in the southern suburbs .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
every year , on the tenth day of the celebration of NNP , NNS take NNS in NNS from the sacred fire lit in the NNP temple and carry them to the top of NNP , along with cloth NNS .	13	14	VBP	take	takes
NNP owned sites are on mostly JJ doc land providing tv and radio digital services to only NNP and NNP , whereas NNP equipped sites are only on commercial land .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in colombia , regional NN ingredients include NN , NN , NN , NN , rice , NNS , and NN .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
NNS expect to be completely finished in december 2013 .	0	1	VBP	expect	expects
stores include NNP , NNP , dance force studio .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
it is argued that their civilization acts as a single entity .	5	6	VBZ	acts	act
don NNP 's eldest son NNP `` NNP '' NNP is the current president and ceo of the company .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
our copyright rules are quite serious , and do require some NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the portland route to seattle is mostly water level with a 1 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , NNP 's friends are mad at him .	4	5	VBP	are	is
fair use in NNP NNP NNP ( luis miguel album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
his claim of attempting to VB a consensus is further proof of NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
although it is not known which exact JJ shop is the creator of JJ tea , several shops are VBN to be the origin .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
some , but not all cats prefer it to VB and will VB themselves into the plant in NN .	5	6	VBP	prefer	prefers
martial school of music includes a substantial NN of musical NNS and versus , as well as an early form of RB JJ JJ NN , the first substantial NN of NN still extant .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
the us government needs to demonstrate that it is prepared to be more JJ in its relations with muslims and muslim countries .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
it is not shown if he recovered from this condition , although the ending suggests that the episode was a dream .	13	14	VBZ	suggests	suggest
it is an unlikely search term and its only JJ purpose is to provide NN for NNS and NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the hands move freely without having to carry any of the instrument 's weight .	1	2	VBP	move	moves
the lords NNP are all members of the peerage .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP heavy cruiser is a vessel used by NNP regime .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other musical groups at the NNP are a NNP ( children 's NN ) , NNP ( youth JJ ) , a NNP ( gospel choir ) , a NNP ( NN ensemble ) and a NNP ( NN choir ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is
system management components are software processes that define the node 's policies .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP reservoir is a high level lake in NNP behind NNP NNP mountain .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he has been told by more than one admin that his argument is nonsense but he continues to push his case and revert the gfdl flag on the images .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
abundant life for a person begins with a new birth , a new relationship with god , new NNS , and a new relationship with NN .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the timeline also includes documented information relating to relevant investigations and reactions by the white house , the u .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
in september 2007 NNP claimed that the flame 's engine , having two JJ NNS is a violation of their patent no CD under the patents act .	9	15	VBZ	is	are
i have tried to list the implications VBP - NN from the genetic testing section but have to VB check ref covers it , and leave any assumptions to the reader .	20	21	VBZ	covers	cover
the values of the variables which make the equation true are the solutions of the equation and can be found through equation solving .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the former , but the cone opens RB .	5	6	VBZ	opens	open
the NNP proteins contain 12 NN regions and are VBN by sodium NN .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
solutions containing the radical are yellow and when the temperature of the solution is increased the yellow color becomes more intense as the equilibrium is shifted in favor of the radical following le NNP 's principle .	0	4	VBP	are	is
organizations other than individual campaigns also contribute to election spending .	0	6	VBP	contribute	contributes
if t is a fixed n by n matrix then the set of all NNS in t and the identity operator forms a JJ operator algebra .	20	21	VBZ	forms	form
article is in terrible shape for such a crucial article , VBN , full of JJ sections , `` does not represent a worldwide view '' to a massive extent .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this wp article describes a relevant , political event that people should be able to look up ( like i just did myself ) .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
performing arts include the renowned santa fe opera which presents five operas in JJ each july to august , the santa fe chamber music festival held each summer , and the restored NNP theater a principal venue for many kinds of performances .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
blank this article probably VBZ to describe NNP NNP NNP and should therefore be renamed .	2	4	VBZ	intends	intend
NNP conference speaker says NN VBZ at NNP study programs in israel '' , ny jewish week , february 2007 .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the NNP NN is one of the best preserved NNS in the eastern cape .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN , common name the dwarf NNP NNP , is a species of JJ sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the NN snails , JJ shells or NNS .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
in other NN , radical democracy is a term used to refer to the JJ NNS of italian NN - especially NNP NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the present-day border between the two countries is a NN of this outcome .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
at the end of their military service , after the release of the female NNP soldiers , the remaining NNP members return for half a year of routine security measures activities .	20	21	VBP	return	returns
qualifying saw drivers switch strategies to using wet weather NNS due to the rain and wet track .	2	3	VBP	switch	switches
this novel is JJ in nature , the only novel by NNP to combine elements of both tragedy and comedy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the theme of NN is prevalent in NNP 's work , most notably in the sun also rises .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a classic model is the one by the swiss NN ferdinand de NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
so the system can VB or bare with a greater amount of energy ( the electrons have much more space to travel around when they are VBN , so the system can take in more energy ) .	15	16	VBP	have	has
all modes , old and new , european or exotic , RB as they are capable of serving an JJ purpose , must be admitted by us and used by composers .	1	14	VBP	are	is
the NN of NNP process is that the grown NNS have high internal NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
any comments that suggest otherwise are pretty much invalid , so if you object to VB you must come up with other reasons .	1	5	VBP	are	is
that point about NNS causing a net heat loss sounds JJ to me .	1	9	VBZ	sounds	sound
the blp rules are far more strict than the normal sourcing rules and for good reason .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the nomination suggests merger and our licensing constraints then mean that we can not delete .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
in each NNS ( NN ) NN , every interval between successive strings is a minor third .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
some sources , such as NNP , NNP saga and NNP NNP trace the foundation of the swedish kingdom back in the last centuries bc .	1	12	VBP	trace	traces
NNP NNP , the story goes that the great NN NNP , who was instrumental in VBG buddhism from india to tibet , promised that one of his students would come one day to complete his work .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
oppose a few issues i mentioned in the previous nom have yet to be addressed .	3	10	VBP	have	has
a good scientist is one who thinks RB , and makes no NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when an action potential reaches the JJ terminal of a motor NN , NNS carrying NNS ( mostly JJ ) are VBN and the contents are released into the JJ junction .	3	4	VBZ	reaches	reach
approximately 15 villages use this station .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the town 's secondary school , park NNP high school , is the largest school in NNP and one of the biggest in scotland with over 1 , 400 students .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
u filing , but no one wants to waste time there either .	5	6	VBZ	wants	want
good science is good observation `` .	1	2	VBZ	IS	ARE
he claims ( in 1947 and 1957 ) that if a complete analysis is to be done , a decision will be RB complex .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the isles of NNP are VBG , interesting , RB and historically important , but i find it hard to believe that the residents are not served by normal media , that the amateur station VBZ a significant effect on the world around it .	37	38	VBZ	achieves	achieve
at least one family is of JJ origin .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS work closely with families in order to address their concerns and NNS for their child .	1	2	VBP	work	works
once the time is up , the values of the NNS remaining in play are revealed and the total amount of money is placed in the contestant 's bank .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i , of course , invite NNP to discuss it further - he knows where my talk page is and has my email address .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the house has a sequence of NNS surrounded by NNS and rooms .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the university comprises 13 , 400 students of which 52 .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the report added that the guards receive supplies and newspaper NNS every two weeks , and that they had been ordered to take good care of NNP .	5	6	VBP	receive	receives
the center has three projects on language technology and machine translation funded by NNP , the government of india and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the nom has made it pretty clear that this game is not the subject of any reliable third-party sources .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the script contains a NN in which mary NNP is telling her tale of horror to percy NNP and lord NNP , as dr .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
key players for the NNP tide are NNP trent richardson ( CD .	1	6	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS and changes in wind direction that VBD new NNS from the NNS of the old VBP the size distribution in a given field .	1	17	VBP	govern	governs
the engines that are controlled by NNP aircraft engines systems are from world wide engine manufacturers .	1	10	VBP	are	is
this expressway is under expansion to NNP economic zone , international airport and aviation hub proposed to be constructed along the NNP expressway ( NNP expressway ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
actions by medical boards and governmental agencies include NN , suspension or NN of license renewal .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
every metric space which is NN is also JJ , but in general a JJ JJ space need not be JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
at this point a long period of struggle and conflict begins with the arrival of three powerful giant NNS from NNP , possibly the three great NNP .	5	10	VBZ	begins	begin
i understand that we normally do not delete articles that potentially could be viable , but this article is not the start of such an article .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
his comment on their work is that `` they 're RB light years ahead of the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some versions include an JJ revealing that ali eventually VBZ success in a racing career .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
students run a club in which they organize , host , and dj certain school dances .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
many of these NNS are split in the middle between the two countries , so many buildings have doors that lead from one side to the other .	16	17	VBP	have	has
the short of it is that the massive NNP NNP NNP NNP fell out of copyright under the old , rather minimal NNP copyright law , and they are trying to work out if new , extended copyright laws apply .	38	39	VBP	apply	applies
speedy delete as blatant hoax , so tagged - article claims a no .	1	10	VBZ	claims	claim
the burden of proof is on a submission .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this also means that the NN is not out if a ball hit by the striker puts down the NN 's NN , provided the ball did not touch any member of the VBG side before doing so .	11	16	VBZ	puts	put
the area , known as us NNP , is RB about the size of minnesota and is the largest sector in iraq .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
in quantum mechanics , in particular quantum information , the range criterion is a necessary condition that a state must satisfy in order to be JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the name of NNP lives on in the form of NNP senior league side NNP a .	1	4	VBZ	lives	live
another problem is that even small amounts of genetic data , such as a record of 100 single JJ NNS , can RB identify anyone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rare and notable plants which occur here include JJ NN ( NNP NNP ) , VB NN ( NNP NN ) , field NN ( NNP NN ) and the nationally JJ british endemic early NN ( NNP RB ) .	4	8	VBP	include	includes
another benefit of coral NN is that it can offer alternative NNS to people living near the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this study suggests that the domain of politics is prime territory for feelings of NN , especially for those who identify strongly with their political party .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the wing length is about and the weight is approximately .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
fashion centers on an VBG model , NNP NNP ( NNP ) , and her journey from JJ girl to VB ; the film follows the indian fashion industry and the career NNS and downs of several models .	23	24	VBZ	follows	follow
delete none of the references show that the article subject is in common use .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this court has no legal foundation , since it was appointed by a regime without legal foundation .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the adjacent tunnel to the west , nearest the station , runs to rice lane in NNP and was a part of the north liverpool extension line .	2	11	VBZ	runs	run
the NNP languages of south africa are well known for the JJ effects of certain NNS on tone , as are the wu dialects of chinese .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the various NNS of orthodox judaism oppose NN .	2	6	VBP	oppose	opposes
the sun newspaper VBZ that comedian NNP NNP VB a live NN .	2	3	VBZ	alleges	allege
the show also features short spots on how plastic surgery can go wrong from people that have experienced poor health resulting from their attempts at plastic surgery .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
this template is currently in its third incarnation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i feel that a decision to delete should not be considered until the sources provided are more thoroughly examined .	13	15	VBP	are	is
as a NN of the so-called `` liberal class '' , its main argument is that a breach has now occurred between the liberal class and the radical social and political movements it once supported or VBN with .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
a JJ account of the name NN of the NNP JJ account of the battle of NNP CC NNP gives light as to the origin of its name .	2	19	VBZ	gives	give
sessions of the NNP bureau , workshops , expert and lead authors meetings are by invitation only .	12	13	VBP	are	is
one important aspect of a JJ field is that by identifying problems , solutions arise from the research acquired .	13	14	VBP	arise	arises
trains run may through october and on holidays .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
in many states a separate organization VBZ JJ athletics at most private schools .	5	6	VBZ	governs	govern
a noble class still exists today that continues to form part of the papal court drawn from the ranks of roman and european nobility .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
the expression on the left side is a material derivative .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the suburb is in the NNP oak local authority electoral ward , along with the districts of NNP oak , NNP park , ten acres and a small part of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a state level NN NN whose specific award regulations vary NN .	8	9	VBP	vary	varies
the essay seeks to establish illness as a serious subject of literature along the lines of love , NN and battle .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek
critics argue that british NNS VBP and VBP the meaning of these NNS .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
this article refers to pottery with a clear lead NN .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
your judgment is your own , but it is important that your judgment be based on the facts , which it is clear you are not quite NN of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as far as i can VB , the sources seem reliable .	8	9	VBP	seem	seems
october 2008 ( utc ) pov redirect that does not occur on the target page , and has nothing to do with the target .	6	17	VBZ	has	have
its activities include NN and advocacy , trial observation and JJ missions , research and publications and public awareness , education and communication initiatives .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the building also incorporates JJ features such as glass NNS that VBP solar gain and efficient NNP and lighting systems .	1	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
british rules , so maybe you do it opposite come to think of it .	1	6	VBP	do	does
annual paper production by NNP NNP NNP is now 300 , 000 NNS from the company 's two paper machines .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
although the foundation has not been completed for now , we can tell how grand the construction plan is by simply judging from the completed part .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
importantly , the traditional and most accurate definition of a true NN , however , is not in the number of NNS , but rather that the NN NNS are set on stays that are not strictly structural to the NN itself .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
most developmental NNS ( NNS ) arise from excessive or insufficient cell death .	2	6	VBP	arise	arises
his work on NNP i is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as north america contains several core nations , the growing NNS in those nations are able to maintain and develop medical institutions .	10	14	VBP	are	is
no discussion of what this term means .	5	6	VBZ	means	mean
online resources , expert advice , monthly NNS , JJ experiences and live NNS to support career development are just a few of the benefits .	1	12	VBP	live	lives
the parent of this wikiproject is the aviation wikiproject .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
he is currently `` retired '' from ucla but will continue to contribute his vast knowledge and experience as a living `` jazz legend '' at ucla and WRB his musical journey takes him .	31	32	VBZ	takes	take
in the event of a tie , the song that received more votes from the public receives the higher position .	8	16	VBZ	receives	receive
a transition occurs if this integral is JJ .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the assumption is that an interested reader will read the whole article , but JJ readers and those looking for information will usually only read the lead section ( or even just the first few sentences ) , NN at the image , and then move on .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in some countries , for example , JJ organizations regularly engage in actions of dubious NN , such as RB VBG and VBG people without charge , without legal representation , and without means of communication ; some JJ forces also engage in torture .	39	41	VBP	engage	engages
if they win , their affiliate gets a point .	5	6	VBZ	gets	get
dc executive paul NNP recalled and VBD due to the appearance of a vintage victorian era advertisement for `` marvel NNP '' , which the publisher considered offensive ; only 100 copies exist , most of which have been NNP VBN .	31	32	VBP	exist	exists
tracks on their albums make use of dance , JJ , and romantic styles .	0	4	VBP	make	makes
i think that the comparison between NNS and NNS is not exact .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the strong winds cause some trees to become almost horizontal with their branches all growing in the same direction near the ground .	2	3	VBP	cause	causes
written , produced and VBN by canadian music journalist madonna NNP the title comes from a JJ she heard on the radio while driving from NNP to toronto .	12	13	VBZ	comes	come
most people speak NNP , NNP , and hindi RB .	1	2	VBP	speak	speaks
subsequent events are part of the general history of england .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when people assume JJ responsibility for their own well being , they acquire independence rather than NN .	1	2	VBP	assume	assumes
NNP made it very clear however , that JJ consequences and JJ functions are not the same .	9	13	VBP	are	is
the psychological root of the problem is usually JJ ; therefore causing the treatment to be even more difficult .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's leader explains the situation and delegates tasks to each member .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
the article merely VBZ that the photo is famous , not the photographer .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
each fall the school holds a NN dance which is preceded by a football game and a week of sports contests held under temporary lights erected over the school 's various athletic fields .	1	4	VBZ	holds	hold
company of angels is the oldest JJ NN theater in los angeles .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the new instructions about the use of photos seem to say two different things .	2	8	VBP	seem	seems
even this site only has four articles or so by stone , none in major , peer-reviewed journals .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
the show uses instruments , voices and bodies to create a `` visual NN of dance , movement and theater .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the NN seeds look like JJ NNS , which are very hard .	2	3	VBP	look	looks
NN believed in a supreme intelligence , as representing the idea which other men often express by the name of deity .	13	15	VBP	express	expresses
probably not going to be able to find the other information i mentioned , to make a decent article , so a redirect is fine .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
like your statement , the cartoon is a bit of a NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
some of his edits could have had JJ edit summaries , but none are particularly bad , and the ip 's behavior is much worse .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
finally , if fewer people are using libraries because hours and services have been cut , then the article is accurate but incomplete .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the area also has many interesting NN features from the last ice age .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
large JJ simulation ( les ) is a mathematical model for NN used in JJ fluid dynamics .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the image is of the ship badge for NNP albany , one or several naval vessels of the royal australian navy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an article on NNP revolution is still to be written , and she should redirect ( at least until she becomes a truly notable designer ) to that article .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
many pupils are also members of the singapore national youth orchestra .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as long as the interface is on the NNP , you can do network NNP at the same rate as memory NNP , useful for parallel computing .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
one of his few NNS is his ability to program , and create artificial NNS , and he eventually created programs twenty and thirty - programs so real that conversations with them are JJ from conversation with normal girls .	29	32	VBP	are	is
sometimes i believe that this less material life is our JJ life , and that our JJ presence on the JJ globe is itself the secondary or merely virtual phenomenon .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
notice that the darker orange represents the NN of ethnic NNS .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
the amount of tickets kids earn depends on their dancing success .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend
the book is a part of NNP 's VBG image universe , which is VBN by JJ , but also includes such heroes as savage dragon , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dictionary aspect then becomes secondary and we have good start on the history of this custom .	2	4	VBZ	becomes	become
the second part , sword taking , shows what NNP refers to as the NN forms .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show
NNP junction has direct connection to chennai , mumbai and many other important towns in india .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the material is JJ and still a possible copyright violation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book offers his personal NNS of highlights from a JJ career of interest to any racing fan .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
march 20 , CD more comprehensive analysis is pending .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the fraternity encourages members to give back to the community in which they are VBN , help those in need , and mentor those who look up to them .	1	2	VBZ	encourages	encourage
the club currently holds the record for most NN titles , with 20 , most fa cups , with 11 , and the record for the most fa cup final appearances , with 18 .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the news reports also have a news NN filled with joke NNS ( this was featured in the first season of NNP on NNP , but has since been dropped ) .	2	4	VBP	have	has
well known NNS NNS include lisa luke ( usa ) , NNP pop ( romania , france , china ) , nancy NNP ( usa ) and NNP NNP ( romania , usa ) .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
his awards include JJ mention gazette and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
an example is the 1999 NNP credit NNP definitions , which provide basic definitions for credit default NNS , total return NNS , credit linked notes and other credit derivative transactions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when a leader of the church of jesus christ of JJ saints has the same name as people outside the latter day saint movement , the person may be VBN with the JJ ( mormon ) .	2	12	VBZ	has	have
cars have metric NNS and NNS , although many NNS include smaller figures in miles per hour ( NN ) .	0	1	VBP	have	has
if two women want to go out together they would use a NN ( double NN ) .	2	3	VBP	want	wants
as of september 2012 , card counting is legal under federal , state , and local laws in the united states as long as no external card counting device or person assists the player in counting cards .	26	31	VBZ	assists	assist
based on the ancient text of the NNP NNP , the film VBZ the theme of NN ( of desire ) as the true path to NN and freedom .	11	12	VBZ	explores	explore
this area VBZ to the east and the southeast , ultimately either via the mississippi river or the rio grande into the gulf of mexico .	1	2	VBZ	drains	drain
the journal 's editor is NNP d .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
preservation and scientific examinations , david bull the panel is in good condition apart from a break to the upper left side of the painting .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
and donations are vital for winning elections .	1	2	VBP	are	is
yet the seemingly JJ forest of arches creates a sense of infinite majesty and intimate privacy , while the NN of the design VBZ the RB decorated NNS , NN and outer courtyard , with its NN tiles , NN , NNS and paintings .	4	7	VBZ	creates	create
the word is short for NN , which is the english version of the french word NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the teachings of NNP NNP NNP also include several planes of the creation within both the NN and NN , including the NNP egg contained within the NNP NNP egg .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
if r VBZ then JJ increases - but you can not conclude that the change is all in the JJ component of v and that the JJ component of v ( your NNP ) is constant .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the result is the prolific and JJ NN seen now in the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you 've been warned that your behaviour is on course for being JJ and you .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
restriction is not relevant to the reasons for the block , so i see no reason why it would be JJ for the unblock .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
hook in mouth '' is a song by the american NN metal band NNP , written by dave NNP and david NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
his father , while not VBN by his son 's new approach to life , finally shows him respect .	1	16	VBZ	shows	show
it has been noted that the reaction page is too long .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ television ( NNP ) is a picture transmission method used mainly by amateur radio operators , to VB and receive static pictures via radio in NN or color .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a further three volumes of NNP films are available from the NNP .	3	7	VBP	are	is
one mechanism involves the NN meeting NNS from the JJ pole .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
the station has two side platforms and three tracks with space for a fourth .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its athletic nickname is the `` NNP NNP '' , and it VBZ in the blue chip conference .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
because the content is electronic , it may be distributed over the internet and through electronic NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an alternative method is to use internal liquid NN where the sample is mixed with a NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the meantime , based on the NNS in a letter posted by the mysterious lady , NNP determines that her name is NNP .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the player has now 3 lives instead of one , and if he is spotted by the NNP , he will kick him to another area and lose a life .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the slide however continues its JJ movement on the frame , VBG the spent case and VBG the hammer before reaching the end of travel .	1	3	VBZ	continues	continue
but my vote remains the same , whether or not you claim it is invalid .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
the voice NNP ref is already in the article .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the airport has an office for u .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NN students wear heavy NNS with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
this JJ western gate of the city wall is the largest surviving city gate in england .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
however , the south tower is slightly higher than the north tower , which is RB corrected by adding an JJ cross on the north tower .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
however , its exact characteristics are difficult to VB because the characteristics of the host star are not well known .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the result is a soft , tender meat VBD in light JJ NN fat with only a very thin layer of fat left because of the cooking .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition the college also has dairy and NN farms which provide adequate facilities for teaching and research .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
the NN in movement 9 opens with a NNP depicting the `` JJ VBP NNP '' ( `` the JJ last stroke '' ) , while the trumpet quotes the NN NNP NN VBD an der NNP ( indeed the time is here ) .	27	28	VBZ	quotes	quote
at queens NNP , just inside NNP county between the queens village and NNP stations , the JJ main line VBZ into the JJ main line and the NN NNP branch ; the four tracks continue parallel to NNP park station where the NNP branch curves away RB .	34	35	VBP	continue	continues
the story shows some similarities to the text known as `` the descent of NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
other NNS are 18 volumes with all the NNS and maps VBN throughout at their proper places .	1	2	VBP	are	is
many things are RB based , but the point about the word based is that it means derived from , not an exact copy , no further information needed .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
never mind that NNP considered himself an arab , or that sources RB call him an arab ( see for example the title of this book ) .	11	13	VBP	call	calls
it 's a NN that people sometimes hear my name and they do n't say anything about my being a car dealer or playing four years for the NNP .	5	7	VBP	hear	hears
an extensive amount of information , combined with detailed hatch information , makes this a great NN to have for anyone planning on fly fishing in NNP national park .	2	12	VBZ	makes	make
a google books search returns only passing mentions , while a google news archive search returns press releases and a passing mention in the NNP article .	14	15	VBZ	returns	return
in india , a man by the name of NNP comes up with the first concept for a spoken and written language .	4	10	VBZ	comes	come
franco can not read , however he can write , but his writing comes out as a very complex form of NNS , not unlike chicken scratch .	12	13	VBZ	comes	come
this image is the cover of the european release of the wii sports video game for nintendo 's wii video game console .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other games that the editors believe deserve special mention ( for example , the very worst games ) are reviewed by video as well .	4	5	VBP	believe	believes
also , at 11th level , a character with a NN feat and all of the JJ NNS is eligible for NN NN , which allows a character to gain additional powers from their second class in NN of taking a NNP path .	7	18	VBZ	is	are
anton ( ben NNP ) , NNP 's son and his successor as the griffin duke , leads haven armies .	8	17	VBZ	leads	lead
the most important catholic church of the town is NNP NNP da NNP which was built in a RB simple style at the end of the 19th century .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
more generally , if the map is merely a JJ covering , where the branch NN is JJ to the NN , then the NN can be pulled back .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this article is within the scope of the gene wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the low pulse rate comes from being very fit rather than being a NN to being a good runner , i believe .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
VBN by a NN flame , the spirit of the wells connection is passed from alumni to students , VBG the support that wells students give one another throughout their lives .	24	25	VBP	give	gives
like most of NNP 's works , the story deals heavily with the exploration of vanity , this time the vanity of a JJ NN and a young man VBN with his dead NN .	8	9	VBZ	deals	deal
if these people have a problem with wikipedia rules , then they can just leave .	2	3	VBP	have	has
that basic fact explains a lot about their behavior .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
his role in the story is that he is the one son who has no choice but to keep the family together , and he serves as the straight man in the comedy series .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the family consists of carol NNP , her husband red , their daughters NNP and emmy , and red 's parents NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
delete - with only one reference , and little valuable information , this page adds little to wikipedia .	13	14	VBZ	adds	add
the water bodies are the NNP , NNP and NNP rivers , which in 2004 were included on the list of outstanding canadian heritage rivers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the tunnel is JJ , and curved at each end .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
connecticut 's JJ house district is one of CD connecticut house of representatives districts .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
sounds to me like a NN for problems - i unfortunately recommend deletion .	0	11	VBP	recommend	recommends
tank man '' blocks a column of type 59 tanks heading east on beijing 's NNP boulevard ( avenue of eternal peace ) near NNP square during the NNP square protests of 1989 .	1	3	VBZ	blocks	block
RB 18 bridges story present day of NNP has 18 bridges in total , 7 of them are built at the side of the NNP , and 11 at the side of the NNP .	5	8	VBZ	has	have
squadrons VBN supply NNS for NNS near NNP .	0	2	VBP	supply	supplies
a domain wall is a term used in physics which can have similar meanings in NNS , NN , or string theory .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's work is totally and deliberately JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the final three tracks on the album are all spanish versions of previously heard songs .	3	7	VBP	are	is
later reviewers such as all music 's NNP NNP cite the album as `` a NN , essential to any heavy metal collection '' , while also displaying `` a JJ sense of NN and NN '' .	1	9	VBP	cite	cites
the windows in the NN NNS are each VBN by a split NN with a head in a NN shell with JJ NN above , NNS which NNP used in his NN painting .	1	6	VBP	are	is
it is important to consider amount of input , because not only do the languages of each person affect on NN ; the amount of time each main input carrier spends with the child also has an effect .	29	30	VBZ	spends	spend
the road starts as a JJ road with a speed limit of , a status it maintains for its entire length .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the couples arrive with their children to have an JJ dancing , to exchange experience on organizing JJ parties for children , youth and adults , and just to spend several days together VBG the local culture .	1	2	VBP	arrive	arrives
JJ NNS are JJ as they reduce the NN load on the plant in conditions where such biological chemicals are not yet necessary .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the corporation has its headquarters in hong kong and offices in los angeles and shanghai .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
but since this card is still JJ , i VBP we can just change the name .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
however , many fans cite this album as the best from a static NNP .	3	4	VBP	cite	cites
while i do n't really care one way or the other what the name is , it appears that one participant is clearly using multiple accounts .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
pain is so close to pleasure '' has more than 58 , 000 hits on NNP .	0	1	VBZ	Is	Are
these effects vary with NN and with proximity to bodies of water .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the continuous use of the orchestra is another feature of JJ music drama , yet the way NNP writes for the orchestra is completely different from NNP , for example .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
VBN revisions are an NN that flies in the face of the very principles of wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the screenplay ends as NNP is taken away for execution while joan and michael are driven to NNP NNP with the JJ hope of escape and a future together .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
meanwhile , NNP 's suspicious wife margaret figures out that her husband 's NN lighter is a miniature camera and that her husband is in fact a communist spy .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
mos are linking to relevant pages , like competitions ( particularly in the honours section ) , years in football , and the ground section ; making sure years use NNS , e .	28	29	VBP	use	uses
the only damage is the that done to the editing community by these kinds of discussions afterwards , which is fully our fault ( NNP , NNP , and the rest of us ) for not dropping the stick and moving on .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the third instance of NN teeth is from order NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the road either side of the tunnel is in a cutting which is very steep with no NN and is also not safe .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the most famous NNP dish is NNP NN , originating in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN of these NNS is a cherry red color surrounding the NN and a yellow thick NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the electoral system functions by authorities which enter only every four years or when elections or NNS occur .	14	17	VBP	occur	occurs
now the mill is said to be one of the most JJ `` NNS '' NN NN processes in the world , and the area below the spanish river dam is a designated fish sanctuary .	24	30	VBZ	is	are
some people consider me an JJ NN ; but even i am JJ with the idea of something that crucial being done by a bot .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
but the fact that he is a successful actor and musician , as established by the NNP on this afd , means that people will want to know more about him .	2	21	VBZ	means	mean
the next drop of the NN goes through the previous loop .	2	6	VBZ	goes	go
actually being a NN helps most JJ novels survive afd , even without any reviews of them anywhere .	7	8	VBP	survive	survives
the group has already announced the tour dates on both the NNS ' and ill NNP 's myspace reunion tour blog .	6	7	VBZ	dates	date
this pattern continues for any number of NN , except for the final NN , which differs in the repeating pattern .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
partially JJ names - are special cases where a name is partially VBN by the international commission on NNP NNP .	2	4	VBP	are	is
neutral pending improvement - the article is not a biography .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if the set of states q is finite , then the transition functions are commonly represented as state transition tables .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the article in question has a list of pink floyd tribute bands .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the NN colors are purple and blue .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the roman catholic archdiocese of NNP ( ) is an archdiocese ( originally a NN JJ ) of the roman catholic church in italy , but its archbishop no longer holds metropolitan rank and has no ecclesiastical province .	27	30	VBZ	holds	hold
the studies VBP the use of working memory training that incorporates activities children are naturally drawn to .	1	2	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
the autobiography reference remains in the article at a different location , but reference to NNP 's family 's origins in the book have been removed .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
i then visit my talkpage and find that the issue is too complex to be dealt with at the moment .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the error of NN occurs RB .	1	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
if a delay is not an NN of a sample additional NNS are applied to account for the fraction of delay different from an NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
your source is better in that it tells the truth directly with his words , rather than his NN NN which you VBP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the same episode includes a rare JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the song features chicago rapper NNP NNP on his radio debut and was produced by just NNP , standing as the only song on the entire album not to feature production by west .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
all types of JJ vessels are used during it , and politicians often join the NNS .	11	13	VBP	join	joins
the NN is not entirely JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the facility is on the banks of the ohio river , and is located on 21 acres of land .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ' target is santiago , the highest scorer in harsh realm .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
great powers recognize an independent albanian state ruled by a constitutional monarchy .	1	2	VBP	recognize	recognizes
given that the number of relevant random events within a year may be rather limited , it is VBG that NNS of observed NNP data often lead to NNS other than the JJ extreme value distribution being selected .	20	26	VBP	lead	leads
the term is a NN of the word NN ' a pot ' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the probable meaning of the name is `` JJ '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP lawn tennis club is also popular for VBG .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the town also has a bus station linking it to NNP and a number of nearby towns and villages .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
studies citing specific JJ reactions and general consequences for long-term health and immunity are both causing professional bodies to recommend reduced frequency in JJ NN .	0	13	VBP	are	is
a benefit of NN is that it can reduce system complexity , and thus increases NN , by allowing the developer to limit the NNS between software components .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
ceremonies are just that - ceremonies .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the most common type is JJ , made of a single NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP school family is NNP primary , NNP primary , NNP primary , NNP primary , NNP primary , NNP junior , NNP infant and NNP primary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
instead , the documents show that american officials issued JJ warnings that the united states will not support any JJ moves to VB NNP .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
people create NNS about almost anything at the drop of a hat .	0	1	VBP	create	creates
ultimately , this expanding NN causes the progressive picture typically seen .	4	5	VBZ	causes	cause
the shell of NNP is very JJ , with numerous NNS JJ in section becoming RB VBN in the adult .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the fruit is JJ , JJ in shape , about long with a diameter of , with a green or deep orange skin and NN , extremely NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
records indicate that the destroyer war badge with diamonds was to be a highly selective award and presented to only the most successful destroyer NNS at the conclusion of world war ii .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
a second requirement is that all applications for NNS must be made by a date defined by the plan .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
by VBG the NNP signal , the computer never receives the bad power because it is stopped quickly ( VB ) rather than allowed to operate on unstable or JJ power levels , which can cause NN errors and other problems .	7	9	VBZ	receives	receive
as for the written language , the differences are much smaller than between british and american , or even between canadian and american .	7	8	VBP	are	is
these restrictions on freedom of contract are the results of moral economy .	1	6	VBP	are	is
today , only part of the airfield section that lay north of the NNP remains in active use .	3	14	VBZ	remains	remain
the film is a romantic action VBD film and has JJ NNP , NNP NNP NNP and NNP NNP in supporting roles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as long as NNP NNP activists remain on this website , i will not be editing NNP NNP articles .	5	6	VBP	remain	remains
this part supports the representation of NNP NN and VBG principles for computer sensitive data exchange .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
NNP ( novel ) by neil NNP is JJ , i hope the movie they are making of it does it justice .	13	19	VBZ	does	do
NNP ( a system to connect many rooms together ) or NNP ( a powerful NN ) , while the origins of others are rather more obscure .	20	23	VBP	are	is
most NNS carry NNS , but as they no longer stamp passengers ' VBP their role has been VBN ; it now consists in ensuring security along with selling the occasional NNP and RB VBG the stops .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries
it 's all very exciting , and the performers include an excellent NN , a rather JJ tenor and a good chorus .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
jones ' younger brother is mark jones , a NN with espn and abc .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the school serves the villages of NNP , NNP , dallas , NNP , NNP , NNP ( including children of raf personnel ) and NNP ( including the nearby NNP community ) as well as the three NNS primary schools .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
this `` list of famous graduates that graduated at NNP '' contains links to wikipedia articles about notable alumni and teachers of the NNP school in new york city .	2	11	VBZ	contains	contain
RB the name is from the tamil language meaning `` VBD NN '' ( JJ wheat NN mixed with JJ sauce ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the plant usually ranges between in height by in width .	1	3	VBZ	ranges	range
he is recruited after the party defeats him .	5	6	VBZ	defeats	defeat
when a bank receives a bad NNP rating equity holders , bond holders and NNS are at risk of loss , senior managers can lose their jobs and the firms are put on the NNP problem bank list .	12	15	VBP	are	is
since large national NNS generally change slowly , military rifle ammunition is frequently JJ and JJ by ammunition and firearms experts .	3	5	VBP	change	changes
the NN belongs in the machine ; the little green men say that the NN will decide who will go and who will stay .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
i hope this helps - your article looks great !	6	7	VBZ	looks	look
the museum has a rich collection of NNS like paintings , NNS , NN , stone , metal sculptures , JJ crystal works etc .	21	22	VBZ	works	work
a fire in a moscow market kills 17 JJ workers .	1	6	VBZ	kills	kill
in NN , the NN interval is the elevation difference between adjacent NN lines .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
neutral point of view policy is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( ) was the committee for the settlement of VBG jews on the land ( some english sources use the word `` working '' instead of `` VBG '' ) in the soviet union .	18	19	VBP	use	uses
that evening , a storm begins to blow .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
contact with the future agent takes place only once , instead of at meetings over many months , as is the case with the JJ approach .	0	5	VBZ	takes	take
the difference between authors of text and NNS is that we are citing sources ( hopefully ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the male has a broad and greatly VBD tail of twelve NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
more privacy , my current username uses my real last name .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
the last JJ factor is the minimal NN , and the product of JJ factors is the characteristic NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
VBN NNS , having a NN , partially JJ NN on the outer surface , combined with a JJ glass lens , are an alternative to NN for NNP protection , improving contrast when depth perception is important such as seeing NNS and ice while skiing or VBG .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
in minnesota for instance , all formal debates begin with the pro .	7	8	VBP	begin	begins
his best friend is luke , a drug dealer living with his JJ father .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a french NN that always VBZ around in paris in the NN , when everyone 's thoughts are of `` love '' , NNP is constantly seeking `` NN '' of his own .	16	17	VBP	are	is
although the first few NNPS games used darker , more authentic battlefield sounds for its NN music , all of the games included a large number of JJ NNS VBN by the NNS during the course of battle , such as `` i 'll get you !	11	12	VBZ	sounds	sound
nominator NN of category '' NNP article is entirely neutral and is unique and does not belong to the user .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the club colors are green and red .	2	3	VBP	are	is
most social dances fall between these two NNS .	2	3	VBP	fall	falls
the sixth link seems to have involved persons who were not fans , and did not seem very familiar with the show .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the story of NNP ( NNP ) tells a piece of NNP history , but from an english perspective .	1	7	VBZ	tells	tell
the gallery features artwork of famous icelandic artists and artwork that helps explain the traditional icelandic culture .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the music video appearance is trivial and appears to have no secondary source coverage ; she appears in three brief ( JJ second ) shots , in one of which her face is VBN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
however , the owner claims that very few NNS are doing JJ homes in oregon , which if one can find an independent source for , might be worth mentioning .	3	4	VBZ	claims	claim
a list based an official hall of fame is fine .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
if someone thinks that route is better , no complaints from me .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
select trips also serve NNP hill NNP in addition to santa NNP NNP .	1	3	VBP	serve	serves
this is also true of the different parts of an object ; the surface of object a feels a stronger attraction to object b than the core of object a .	13	17	VBZ	feels	feel
in NNS , the shoulder shows characteristics the differs from other mammals , including a well developed NN , a RB shifted NN with prominent NN and NN , and a NN featuring a straight shaft and a JJ head .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
this is because the ball moves in towards the batsman 's body , meaning the batsman 's legs are usually in the path of the ball if it VBZ the bat or takes an edge .	4	5	VBZ	moves	move
the fourth nationwide census shows over 99 percent of the total population are han chinese .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show
the fact that eddie , who is most likely homosexual , is present , VBZ an air to the possibility that NNP 's interest in pearl is more than a JJ feeling one has towards a friend of the same sex .	23	26	VBZ	is	are
the village has a larger than average retired population in comparison to many similar NNP villages , but lower than the national average .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the main purpose of this NN is to establish a respect for moral and natural law , and as a NN to VB in leaders .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
RB you have courts ; in practice the courts adopt decisions VBN from above .	8	9	VBP	adopt	adopts
this story is partly in conflict with what is told by the NNP , which has VBN acting as an NN and not as the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , the first character introduced , is the captain of the NNP knights , a group of system administrators whose purpose is to delete NNP NNP .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
i have next to no knowledge of the legal system but my vague NN from high school legal studies was that a NN is most RB not a judge .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the transformation back being performed by the queen of the NNPS , however , is a unique NN .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the organization tries to VB blacks and jews of their historic partnership during the civil rights movement and to encourage both groups to form new NNS .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
the first floor displays exhibits of JJ artifacts such as models of NNS of the various ethnic groups in NNP , musical instruments , various kinds of fish and animal NNS , NNS , models of boats and others .	2	3	VBZ	displays	display
that might change as the story develops .	5	6	VBZ	develops	develop
the compilation is a club mix album that consists of contemporary club tracks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
now all the effort is worth only if the left hand side of ( 3 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in this example the function is JJ at the origin ; but the limit exists and is well defined .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
when NN VBZ a JJ NN , it is a JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	fills	fill
my personal preference is [ [ JJ prime ] ] s which is one of the [ [ prime number ] ] forms i hunt .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the battle is also notable for the importance of air power and the first use of the tank .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a common training practice is to have a marine recruit conduct a JJ swim carrying a JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
regardless of the season , NN days are common , being more frequent in the days of winter .	6	7	VBP	are	is
policies are not one sentence long .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this route is longer and comprises certain NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these functions are so popular and used so often that they are usually considered part of the definition of c .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNS concluded that JJ mark comparison is always subjective and no standards for comparison have been accepted across the field .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
she is not supposed to be a contestant , but can not leave the library until the contest is over .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
a list of variant NNS and information on NN ( and much more ) is available through the NNP NN browser .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
we do not need a list of all the NNS in this , nor any other contest for each and every year a contest takes place .	23	24	VBZ	takes	take
the original english-language version of the show features the voices of actor and NNP writer mackenzie NNP , little britain JJ matt lucas , providing the voice for one of the cardinals , and actress jerry hall .	3	7	VBZ	features	feature
the diameter of that cylinder is equal to the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
all known collections of NNP come from guatemala and NNP .	2	5	VBP	come	comes
an armoured tank designed by [ [ NNP da NNP ] ] in the grounds of the NNP .	2	8	VBZ	da	da
although currently a 31 , 000 NN stadium , the record attendance at NNP stands at 61 , CD .	7	14	VBZ	stands	stand
NNP city population is equivalent to adding up the populations of scott county , iowa and rock island , NNP , and henry counties in illinois .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the resolution 1810 ( 2008 ) calls upon all states that have not yet presented a first report to as required in the resolution CD to submit it to the CD committee without delay .	1	6	VBZ	calls	call
please note that this is a contested prod , with the article 's creator removing the prod notice with an edit summary of NNP is notable because it VBD 35 missions successfully , not many did that ' .	1	24	VBZ	is	are
based in mountain view , california , the site allows its members , which it calls `` NNP '' , to learn about issues and elections , and take collective action with other committed voters through social media .	8	9	VBZ	allows	allow
since at that point the university of NNP was really a high school , degree is probably a misleading term .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
there may of course still be NN concerns as to why the picture is in the article , but it does not RB rise to the level of an invasion of privacy .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the author explained that it was a love story , but some critics suggested that the novel is also a statement on the NN of religious minorities living in pakistan .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
if the interval is a double NN , exactly matching the upper note to the fourth NN of the lower VBZ the NN of that upper note with the one an NN below it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the magazine is part of jesuit communications , the communications arm of the australian jesuit province .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but a look at the our candidate page of the website makes no real claims to notability , in fact if you posted that page as a wp page it would get deleted as a7 .	2	11	VBZ	makes	make
sometimes parents use other NNS such as the handle of a NN ( made of NN ) , rulers or even clothes NNS .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the song also appears in live form on the band 's live releases under a pale grey sky and live in são paulo .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
overall , i believe this too broad and that more specific principles are better .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the draft policy requires reviewer status to have similar requirements to VB , but as others have noted the exact requirements to get the permission and what exactly reviewers should accept or not are not clear , which is unacceptable .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the current mayor of NNP is william ( bill ) wild .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the sum total of these models in the brain is the JJ environment .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
VBG 's title is `` NNP show NNP reporter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these statistics are accurate as of december 12 , 2010 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some players find NN JJ in golf , especially if a JJ player VBZ JJ clubs .	12	13	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
NNP issues are generally JJ on physical examination ; further NNS include the NN becoming NN after play , less active than siblings , and it may fail to grow and develop normally .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the village has its own police force and fire brigade but the district and tax offices are located at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ NN is the portion of the NN which is closest to the stomach .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
people VBN from the safety of their homes to do NNS , go to town , attend school , or simply enjoy the JJ NN .	0	12	VBP	go	goes
delete i would say merge but the information already seems to be at NNP , tasmania .	7	9	VBZ	seems	seem
unlike the earlier NNP model of the atom , however , the wave model describes electrons as `` clouds '' moving in NNS , and their positions are represented by probability NNS rather than JJ points .	13	14	VBZ	describes	describe
the work is a very valuable contribution to english NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all NNP efforts begin at the local , JJ level , with members addressing their communities ' physical and social needs while promoting international understanding and peace through a framework of friendship and service .	2	3	VBP	begin	begins
home is the third album of the filipino band , CD .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
for a 1913 exhibition , the art critic NNP spoke of NNP as a man of simple nature , a NN , who does not know what the world VBZ to the value of his genius .	28	29	VBZ	owes	owe
in terms of size and public participation , the most notable example of this method is the google NNP .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
traditional sources trace the surname to yuan NNP , a JJ bc chen NN , who was part of a JJ branch of the family of the marquis ruling that state .	1	2	VBP	trace	traces
the unnamed but JJ valley cut through by state route NNP is commonly , but incorrectly , referred to as red rock canyon .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
the council sets policy for the city , annually identifies city NNS for the kansas legislature and the united states congress , and VBZ NNS , NNS , contracts , and agreements .	1	2	VBZ	sets	set
this township is not to be confused with a proposed village `` NNP '' approved by the JJ office in 1865 which was to be located on the northern side of the entrance of lake NNP where the suburbs of NNP and NNP now exist .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the coat of arms bears a NN VBG service on the border .	1	4	VBZ	bears	bear
the NNP team releases new versions on a regular basis .	2	3	VBZ	releases	release
NNP NNP , JJ ministers survive NN despite objections , 7 march 2011 .	4	5	VBP	survive	survives
the range of this species is from the NNP islands near san francisco to NNP NNP , in NNP california , mexico .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in addition , NNP 10 soldiers are to VBN according to federal law with an accommodation maximum of 130 swiss NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
some teams run in costumes that match their team names .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the announcement is RB JJ , first discussing the NNS and the detective 's line of reasoning , before the solution is explained .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
smith , a scholar of comparative religions , writes the category is `` largely a NN based on JJ NNS and RB late or highly JJ texts .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the concept of functional NN VBZ that the participant will only see the box as a device to hold the NNS and not immediately VB it as a separate and functional component available to be used in solving the task .	1	5	VBZ	predicts	predict
NNP ] ) , commercially there are far more then two types of rice , even most simple divisions usually divide rice into long grain , medium grain and short grain .	18	20	VBP	divide	divides
this image apparently consists of the face of michael walker ( NN ) and was used in a highly questionable section of his article to attack him .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
this brings me to my second point - the article is more like a promotional bit .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are oval or JJ , the lower ones VBP on short NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my little new england city has bigger bus stops than this .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
i present this to show how professional people often relate to us their findings , often VBG logic !	7	9	VBP	relate	relates
the former song 's lyrics consist of a single chorus repeated five times , each time at a higher pitch .	4	5	VBP	consist	consists
the key concerns for NN NN are NN , NNS , template NN and template wear .	2	6	VBP	are	is
process with purpose is one thing , but process for process 's sake is just silly .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( voiced by jim NNP ) whose full name is master NNP NNP is the host of the show .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
an NNP failure causes multiple circuits to go down because of the failure of the common resource being shared by those networks .	2	3	VBZ	causes	cause
the art style for the characters is a typical anime look , as opposed to a realistic or super VBD one .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the third and fourth largest communities in NNP are NNP and NNP , with populations of 45 , CD and 44 , CD respectively .	5	8	VBP	are	is
after the sales , her inventory values are either 20 , 22 or 24 .	6	7	VBP	are	is
his name VBZ from the comic book NNP le NNP , using `` rat '' as an NN for `` art '' .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
the image is a ring of light , the radius of which is defined by the NNP NN angle and the proximity gap .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if anyone wants to conduct research about VBG games , pages such as this one are essential .	10	15	VBP	are	is
the branch site in NNP offers a first cycle degree programme in linguistic and cultural mediation and a second cycle degree programme in NNP and translation .	2	5	VBZ	offers	offer
the road is in belfast north for parliamentary election and the same constituency for the northern ireland assembly .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
now we are overly sensitive on this topic , and people are more careful about how they discuss it .	10	11	VBP	are	is
even today 's computers and simulation software are not adequate .	3	7	VBP	are	is
des NNS et des NNS , ed .	1	2	VBP	et	et
one small business in the neighborhood , the capitol NNP store at CD and NNP , features a tall native american statue as the landmark of west lawn .	2	16	VBZ	features	feature
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if in the official scorer 's opinion a run would not have scored without the defensive NNS , then the run is JJ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the article in question is going to be deleted , but the editor has a long list of other articles either written wholly or substantially by her .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
its oil proven reserves are about and natural gas proven reserves are around 350 billion JJ feet ( 9 .	10	11	VBP	are	is
as the years go by their friendship changes with them .	2	3	VBP	go	goes
the module NNP is a NN module .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the song is politically influenced and became subject to censorship , which led to the eventual ban from all state run television and radio during the rule of the then pakistani prime minister , NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ example is the common NN ( NNP NN ) , though common outside its native range RB , it is rarely in harmful NNS to a native habitat .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it served as a burial chapel for the canon juan NNP NNP who commissioned its restoration in CD ; his ashes are in an NN located inside a NN .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the NNP oil sands are one example of this .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these alternate NNS are RB familiar , yet have a sense of JJ as histories VBP and memories VBP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i hope that some responsible editor keeps the page up .	5	6	VBZ	keeps	keep
note ; NN is NNP , the creator of the article ( not to cast NNS , merely so people know ) .	19	20	VBP	know	knows
the movement opens with an announcement of its theme , a melody in NN by NNS and NNS , with NN by the double NNS .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
however , the chinese calendar remains important as an element of cultural tradition , and for certain cultural activities .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
notable NNS of web NNS software and services include NNP , NNP , NNP , and google NNP .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
since the core matter seems to have been resolved - the JJ instructions are gone - i suggest that this be considered closed .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
another benefit of NN is the ease of maintaining accurately updated lists of data that can be easily accessed from all points .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
for example , [ NN ( NN ) NN VBZ with NNP , NNP , NNS to give JJ NNS .	8	9	VBZ	reacts	react
the portion of will county around NNP uses the CD and CD area codes , CD and CD area code for far northern will county , and CD area code for eastern will county .	1	7	VBZ	uses	use
his research VBZ a unique usage of JJ and JJ investigation .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
not only recent changes , also other pages , i think .	3	10	VBP	think	thinks
it often implies a decision to be made with full NN of both the NN and NN of a particular choice ; the term is also used in an evolutionary context , in which case the selection process acts as the `` NN '' .	37	38	VBZ	acts	act
amongst the many members who served on the council , its chairman during the 1920s , VBG NNP , is possibly the most notable .	11	19	VBZ	is	are
the article is valuable because it presented this data without bias during NNP and as such is a valuable look as the two designs where such variables as armour and machinery weight could be calculated on the same basis , rather than being simple estimates .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town has its own police department , which patrols from 6 am to 6 pm daily within the NNP town limits .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
two men attack and murder a british NN in NNP , london .	1	2	VBP	attack	attacks
the program lineup includes many progressive public affairs programs produced by local organizations .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
some JJ states call this procedure royal NNP .	2	3	VBP	call	calls
a NN is that NNP is not manufactured for amateur use and commercial grade equipment must be used , and the cost of commercial NNS that employ the NNP technology were even more expensive than that of JJ NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some varieties of NN such as NNP and king edward NN are more suitable for VBG than others , owing to their size and consistency .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the phone also features a 5 JJ JJ camera that is capable of CD video capture .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
after all , all content on wikipedia is user generated .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
transport infrastructure within chad is generally poor , especially in the north and east of the country .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
i would be very satisfied with seeing a little reflection or understanding that the issues presented here are real and not to be taken RB .	14	17	VBP	are	is
his sister , NNP , is married to NNP NNP , the NN of NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS with a plastic shell ( such as sc NNS ) typically use a JJ shell .	0	12	VBP	use	uses
the studios VBP quite a city within a city , VBG with industry and giving employment to more than a thousand people , in one capacity or another .	1	2	VBP	compose	composes
the following night , the girls take part in their second photo shoot , where they have to VB NN and romantic NNS from various films and shows .	5	6	VBP	take	takes
in NNP , alaska the process for replacing the skin of an NN begins when the ice moves away from the shores of the arctic ocean in july .	5	13	VBZ	begins	begin
quite often people say delete , but provide a perfect keep argument , and NN .	2	3	VBP	say	says
the chapel of our lady of good death is in the JJ style , erected by the NNP family in 1919 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
this principle no longer is sufficient , since historians ask not only for names , but also for topics , events , locations or NNS .	8	9	VBP	ask	asks
the title is misleading and perhaps should be changed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN end is more JJ , and the NN shorter and more JJ , than other NNP 55 variants .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the image is likely to get deleted anyway , due to lack of proper licensing .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the guidelines require one to point to or update an existing article when posting an NNP .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
in pain and unable to VB or VB it loose , the old man runs onto the road , where he is nearly struck by steve 's car .	13	14	VBZ	runs	run
he apparently believes that unless a block is involved , admins are not interested in taking any quick actions ( ie .	10	11	VBP	are	is
keep the article provides sufficient context on her role in the tv series .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
NNP 's main campus is in NNP , iowa .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reasons for the NN are a subject of scholarly and political debate .	1	5	VBP	are	is
time and technological NNS play a JJ role in VBG the trends over the passage of time .	3	4	VBP	play	plays
her most noteworthy film credit is NNP NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP is played with 20 stones ; each set of stones is unique to the game .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
when the NN queen of the NNS , NNP bishop , VBZ NNP 's favorite teacher , mr .	3	11	VBZ	accuses	accuse
this main chamber is 3 metres wide , and 3 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this section contains a JJ case study , written by the author of this entry , to illustrate the application of the NNP assessment .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
comment - source 3 is certainly about this NNP NNP as you can see from here , 7th item down .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
review criteria include consensus among uk , us and european patent NNS to VB patent applications for JJ motion machines .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
moon and a black hole ; these bodies have little effect on it .	7	8	VBP	have	has
the statistical district `` NNP '' , which covers the village and the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	16	VBZ	has	have
other mountains in the range include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the fruit is a NN which develops within the NN of NNS and contains a single red , VBN seed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
today , women represent 41 percent of high school athletes and 37 percent of college athletes .	2	3	VBP	represent	represents
the university also supports the institute for NNP literature and cultural relations at the russian state university for the humanities as well as the vladimir NNP school for doctoral studies at the university of latvia .	1	3	VBZ	supports	support
the point is to demonstrate that he had JJ experience before emerging as a captain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the invention itself is as modern as it gets , but the story is as old as NN ; the themes of friendship , loyalty , NN , class and power .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
as a consequence his carries were limited until the game against the missouri tigers where he had 15 carries .	9	18	VBZ	carries	carry
NNP writes `` the results of the JJ experiments carefully and RB set forth in this book stand surely beyond that which a nature NN holds to be JJ .	24	25	VBZ	holds	hold
the building has a high JJ roof with center NN NN on east NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
caroline instances of the genre are largely derivative of earlier models and are little read today , even by specialists .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP sets fire to the town .	1	2	VBP	fire	fires
NNP heard about that , took offense to it , and fired back in his autobiography that he was letting the other NNS know that the situation was under control .	22	23	VBP	know	knows
for example , the JJ authority of NNP is now RB separate from kent , the county to which it traditionally and until recently belonged .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
as a result of that , people raise NNS to getting those things .	6	7	VBP	raise	raises
according to NNP a NN is a NN of pure electromagnetic NN which always moves in the speed of light and JJ matter which always moves in lower speed .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
by the way , the photo has a fairly large digital NN .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
history needs to be written by historians based on documents , not by NNS with a NN .	0	1	VBZ	needs	need
most service stations ( maybe all ) in the uk have a local access road as well as a motorway link .	2	10	VBP	have	has
although he did come to fame only for being a member of one band , the interviews which reliable sources are collecting are RB personal and NN into him as an artist and not as a member of an ensemble .	16	22	VBP	are	is
the film follows the NNS of four individuals and their families from central java and NNP , two regions most affected by the NN .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
to VB this NN a bit further , they use an NNP e grid for the JJ equations , so in reality the resolution is only CD .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
his JJ fashion is brilliant , he uses only those very expensive traditional media , like NN and 23 NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the commune covers an area of CD square kilometers and includes the town and 12 villages .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the NNS on the temples of NNP ( in NNP village ) , in the NNP temple and in the cave of NNP indicate that the fort belongs to the medieval period , since it is related to NNP , NNP or NNP .	26	27	VBZ	belongs	belong
the track lengths on many of the 2001 NNS are incorrect .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the drawing is from JJ friend ' , and the statement that it is thought to survive on `` JJ NNS that had been left VBN '' is RB JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the issue here is one of excess .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
by encouraging and coaching , NNS reveal the young writers inherent talent , giving them the opportunity to fully explore and express their individual creative voices .	5	6	VBP	reveal	reveals
the final chapters end with an admiral 's dinner before which stephen and jack meet captain miller , NNP 's nephew and jack 's NN at NNP .	2	3	VBP	end	ends
when the police commissioner decides to bring in the JJ units , including two police helicopters , NNP shoots up one of the helicopters such that it crashes on a JJ plaza near the building where he resides .	3	4	VBZ	decides	decide
her father 's income is not enough to maintain the entire family .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP holdings include in NN and RB VBD physical , chemical , and biological JJ data from coastal and deep ocean areas .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the choice of approach depends on several factors , such as cost , complexity , frequency step size , switching rate , phase noise , and JJ output .	1	4	VBZ	depends	depend
when store employees approach customers to ask whether they need help , they also VBP theft , according to NNP .	2	3	VBP	approach	approaches
the NN for the murder is not obvious .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
please get some experience in areas away from the main space such as afds , so we can get a better sense of you and you can get a better sense of the kinds of debates an admin has to get involved in .	37	38	VBZ	has	have
this company is not to be confused with embassy communications , which is now known as NNP communications .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the final version contains almost completely original lyrics .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the program VBZ both classical and contemporary performance theory and practice , including work in musical theater .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
energy use ( therefore carbon emissions ) is the primary environmental cause for concern from building NN , NN and air NN ( NNP ) services are the primary use of energy in buildings .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
beyond the critical NNP NN length , the NN becomes dangerous .	8	9	VBZ	becomes	become
state performances include `` gene kelly 's a NNP to broadway '' , `` wonderful town '' , and `` no no NNP '' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in this use , a mode consists of a radio frequency channel and all JJ options such as selective calling .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the centre offers group coaching and competition opportunities for people of all ages .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
if both ( or all ) subjects are equally as popular ( e .	6	7	VBP	are	is
r approach provides an integrated view of the heavy equipment business .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
reality becomes more VBN when they use new JJ NNS given to them by NNP and gain newer NNS as workers at a game NN factory .	0	1	VBZ	becomes	become
the best thing for a kid is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
junction 1 of the NNP motorway is northeast along a choice of routes and the NNP motorway is a few mile further along that motorway at junction 2 `` the NNP interchange '' .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
he is called into a hostage situation at a NN store when negotiations fail .	12	13	VBP	fail	fails
current system breaks down when several editors decide that they do not want certain information to be included , no matter how well it was sourced .	2	7	VBP	decide	decides
the solution for each image is the result of the JJ NN block NN with NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
both NNP NNP and NNP have claimed that the mothers are death VBN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
NNP page looks like a vanity page to me .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
but this debate is not about them .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the person has some obvious issues , and we should not be encouraging such NNS by restoring his user page .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article is comprehensive , fully referenced and NNS all the points of the fa NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mayor of NNP township is thomas NNP ( r , term of office ends december 31 , CD ) .	12	13	VBZ	ends	end
senate also says individual senators vote but then says there are 50 votes .	4	5	VBP	vote	votes
one verse appears to be delivered to a lover , leading some fans to VB that the song is intended to be a love song to a woman who already has a family .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the NNP offices in NNP and NNP handle the JJ business of the NNP at national level .	2	7	VBP	handle	handles
NNP NNS are JJ NNS with red bodies and white faces without pupils .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this close is with no prejudice toward any future discussion , provided that this discussion is appropriately linked in the deletion nomination .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an interchange with the pennsylvania extension of the new jersey NNP ( NNP ) is present in florence township .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
for example , the marx brothers ' classic film duck soup , at the NN of the film , the camera shows a shot of NNP marx speaking a line , followed by a shot of something else happening , followed by another shot of NNP .	20	21	VBZ	shows	show
the program uses a `` JJ community '' model which had produced low NN rates at richard j .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the city hosts headquarters operations for several protestant NNS , including the united methodist church , southern baptist convention , national baptist convention usa , and the national association of free will NNS .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
the primary members of the NNP are the NNP and the inside and outside directors along with the NN and the static man .	2	6	VBP	are	is
these JJ systems use pairs of NNS mounted on the NNS .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
blp is that those articles have some special needs .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the transmitter building of VBG transmitter is CD metres away from both NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the second theme is JJ in NNP , but with many NNS and a highly JJ NN in the left hand .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his own books of verse include the NNP sequence ( 1977 ) , named for the village in which booth was living at the time .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
during the travel interval the NN VBZ a series of tubes or NNS with colored NNS .	5	6	VBZ	perceives	perceive
note that the above search now returns only CD hits .	4	6	VBZ	returns	return
i believe the entry is out of date and that NNP has split off from NNP , no longer being part of the same company .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ night monkey generally walks on all four legs , although it is capable of VBG or running when necessary .	3	5	VBZ	walks	walk
these two routes carry the large majority of all traffic in an out of the NNP sea , and can be very VBN .	2	3	VBP	carry	carries
the problem is more pronounced when using older lens that do not feature an NNP focus drive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this foundation makes major investments in such public welfare causes as care of the aged and NNS , VBG NNP 's , RB advanced classrooms , NN centers and the like .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the suggestion here is perhaps that others really should VB against me , that they would have been justified .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
his nickname , given to him by his enemies in the game , is `` el NNP NNP '' .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
well , NNP , as far as i know , band members are musicians .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the complement NN system instead VBZ NNP complex attached to the virus surface protein via the NNS , which in turn NN NNP receptor found on cells , bringing the virus and the cell close enough for a specific virus receptor to VB the virus , beginning infection .	3	5	VBZ	binds	bind
sources are not commonly required to prove that a single word should go in an article .	0	1	VBP	are	is
initially , recordings of conversations with the protagonist 's strange not reveal anything spectacular , but when the NN shall follow the JJ subject , the narrative NNS lead to the outcome .	27	28	VBP	lead	leads
the doctor gives paul the good news that while NNP will live , she has lost her memory of her entire life and how to do basic functions such as feeding herself , their names and her entire life history .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
in NNP 's mask , his NNS are busy getting ready for the clock town carnival however NNP is busy arguing to the mayor to keep the carnival running whilst the guards are arguing to close the fair in fear that the moon will fall from the sky .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NN NNS are a type of gill net because of the tendency for the NNS ' NNS to get caught in the net .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no ; even if one was sea water , the measures are still out .	10	11	VBP	are	is
text files are most importantly part of the NN trail , a series of NNS players can solve to find NNP and advance through the levels of software .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this special events facility is available to rent for concerts , dances , NNS , corporate events , wedding NNS , trade shows , and private parties .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
such a poem is not to be composed by conscious effort , but if a man will only VB in VBG practice , he may produce one RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the inhabitants are NNPS and christians , and in 1859 numbered 1 , 100 , and cultivated 100 NNS , according to consul rogers .	1	2	VBP	are	is
quite a few people believe in peace but also believe in the occasional necessity of war .	3	4	VBP	believe	believes
of course if the NN problem is n't properly addressed there is a NN of JJ or VB infection with the JJ risk of JJ NN and then JJ failure .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the contemporary museum of NN is a new and unique institution that VBZ painting , graphics and writing .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the film begins with a scene where a NN is going to VB a NN .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the team rides senior professional events in the united kingdom and JJ races such as the NNP europe tour ( i .	1	2	VBZ	rides	ride
since dance is a performance art with emphasis on NNS , dancers are also at a higher risk of body image problems and eating disorders such as JJ NN or NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the new york transit system project is one of the largest projects in the studio 's history .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the town has two famous temples for NNP and NNP , similar to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this report is a JJ filing by a sockpuppet -- in a word , NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my reason is that it is not notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the feature is difficult to distinguish from NN by water and NN , and other authors have stated that the assignment of class NNP is JJ .	22	26	VBZ	is	are
its administrative center is the urban locality ( a work settlement ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS other duties include , but are not limited to , ensuring patients are comfortable in the dental chair and prepare them for treatment .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the hands are hollow , and many troops and other coalition visitors have VBN up inside them to look out from the point at which the swords meet the hands , generally to have NN pictures taken .	26	27	VBP	meet	meets
the attempts of mary NNP 's son and NN to `` NNP '' her memory by VBG biographical documents contributed to a perception of mary NNP as a more conventional , less JJ figure than her works suggest .	36	37	VBP	suggest	suggests
cartoons and comics are different enough formats that this page seems arbitrary , redundant , and unnecessary .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
the NNP does not perform laser light shows itself , but its members primarily consist of laser light show hosts or companies that sell equipment and services .	12	14	VBP	consist	consists
his full official report with recommendations is due in september 2012 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
NN and his wife mary had three children , his son karl is an NN at the university of california riverside .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
this subject is not inherently pov .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her father jacques is a medical doctor , and her mother , NNP , an english teacher .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the parish is part of the diocese of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current title holder is NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the website features exclusive content and active blogs on current events .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
for this reason an JJ key pair is used to establish a JJ key so the NN parties have the benefit of NN without the speed penalties .	17	18	VBP	have	has
NNP railway station is a station located near newcastle , new south wales , australia at NNP on the main north railway line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
czech legal system belongs to the germanic branch of continental legal culture ( civil law ) .	2	3	VBZ	belongs	belong
in his view , a behavior is JJ if and only if society at large considers it so .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
it is not a bad suggestion , as suggestions go , but i really think that this is a solution in search of a problem .	8	9	VBP	go	goes
as a result , this water is initially somewhat VBN in oxygen .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the motorcycle is ten feet long and is modeled after the NNP NNP , complete with air force symbol VBZ , VBN gas tank , NNP NNS and NN mirrors in the shape of jets .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in desperate NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the parish is about north of NNP rouge , louisiana and about south of NNP , mississippi .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only surviving manuscript which records the JJ process of this version is the NNP , or NN 's copy of the score , which was prepared for the symphony 's publisher alfred j .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
this idea is further developed in his NNP building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though the most JJ site is the NNP gold mines near NNP in wales .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
spain does not lie entirely in europe ; these 2 parts are in africa .	10	11	VBP	are	is
most NNS are inherently JJ or JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the name is a NN of NNP disc operating system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
miniature NNS are rather more JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the trouble is that i am more a NN than an original contributor ; most of my edits consist of NN of grammar and spelling ( etc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the software architecture of a system consists of the various software components used to design and operate the software .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the underlying mechanism that causes differential rotation is JJ NN inside a star .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the three tapes , all named after former bus lines in the oakland bay area , feature high quality based production from the likes of NNP and NNP .	2	16	VBP	feature	features
it is thought of as the anchor of NNP 's NN ( the NNP way ) , while the NNS are its rope .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the main crops cultivated in this village are JJ , NNS , NN , NN and other JJ crops .	2	7	VBP	are	is
most copy protection schemes are easy to VB , and once NNS VBP the copy protection , the resulting JJ software is then more convenient and hence valuable than the JJ version , because users can make additional copies of the software .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the school competes RB in the NNP east division conference .	1	2	VBZ	competes	compete
the NNP force law describes the effect of e and b upon a point charge , but such electromagnetic forces are not the entire picture .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the answer also depends on whether you are willing to adopt a ( mainly JJ ) diet requiring the minimum amount of space for your region .	1	3	VBZ	depends	depend
a good example is the song `` NNP '' from the early 1980s by the NNP punk rock band NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an NN partner is a person who coaches another person in terms of helping the other person keep a commitment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
obviously no one wants british troops to stay in afghanistan for a day longer than is necessary .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the record marks their first JJ cooperation , though they had previously appeared on several albums together .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
the answer to ( 1 ) is generally no , since for a single arc , the set of JJ points is just a curve .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
the restaurant is in a period house in the place des NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if a woman presents late in her JJ period then there may be no time to grow cultures prior to labor , or she may present in active labor without documentation of JJ care .	2	3	VBZ	presents	present
delete - even if not a hoax , the article provides no evidence of notability .	9	10	VBZ	provides	provide
campus law enforcement statistics do not bear out these numbers , however , and it can be assumed either that many serious crimes go JJ or that the survey conclusions were JJ .	22	23	VBP	go	goes
addition reactions include such reactions as NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
after seeing the full text as given by hiding , i still VBP the work done by NNP , but i think that the very short NNS these sources are , makes me go for a weak delete again .	28	29	VBP	are	is
unless the feature has JJ JJ change , the feature keeps its original NNP , enabling one to track changes to a feature over time if one has access to the historic data .	9	10	VBZ	keeps	keep
students respond better to motivated and JJ NNS .	0	1	VBP	respond	responds
the key purpose of this report is to VB a NN on members of congress who have consistently VBN with the energy industry and against the interests of those they are elected to represent , '' said NNP president gene NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the volume , the first of its kind , contains entries on major schools , NNS , works and concepts in chinese philosophy and is considered the most comprehensive scholarly reference book with exact information and original interpretation of chinese philosophy and its history .	1	9	VBZ	contains	contain
of the two sources currently in the article , only the book mention is impressive - the one from retail traffic reads like a press release - but google news finds plenty of other material in important sources like the los angeles times and the chicago tribune .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
examples of RB important JJ acids are the NNS , derived primarily from JJ acid and JJ acid , that include NNS , NNS , and NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is
NNP working papers are freely available for download from its website .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this tradition remains today in JJ dishes like NNS ( commonly called NNS ) which are VBN small NNS of NNS , NN ( a common dish in the NNPS made from JJ liver ) , and NN NNS and eggs .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
child sex ratio of girls is CD per 1000 boys .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in biology , JJ proteins are crucial NNS of many key VBG NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
in a pure NNP network there is no host , but in practice most JJ networks are a hybrid ( see `` computer science perspective '' below ) .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the call of this frog varies from a NN machine gun VBG burst to a single POS ' sound , depending on the call race , which varies RB .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary
her personal best time over 200 metres is 23 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
brown 's home is a one room cement home VBN with hay , called a JJ house ' , with no electricity or running water .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the courtyard area , known as NNP NNP square , is vast and is capable of holding massive populations of muslims who attend the mosque during the prayer season .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
it is possible to provide a preference for a house if a family member currently VBZ or attended the school .	13	15	VBZ	attends	attend
the use of maple underneath NNP allows all of the system equations to be generated and simplified automatically .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
some users here , perhaps two or more , have a history of favorable edits to mr .	1	9	VBP	have	has
now a few days later NNP starts an account using a similar type username then the edits come out some as seen above the almost the same as the previous proved sock NNS .	16	17	VBP	come	comes
the main prize in this event is the new zealand post book of the year , which is awarded to one of the four category winners ; either fiction , general NNP , illustrated NNP or poetry .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ steel sculpture is a JJ form composed of six NNS surrounding a seventh NN of empty space ; it is installed on the lawn .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an administrator may ask NNP to be more moderate and JJ in the various forums but topic ban is hell of a bias for this case .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the dating system is due to christian influences , and this can be recognized no matter which term you use .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the lie group that it VBZ is the special linear group .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the VBG characteristic of NNP 's playing style is the use of complex JJ NNS , in NN of irish and highland NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this NNP technique is sometimes also referred to as NNP ( NNP NNP or NNP NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an alternative to having a trailer brake NN in the cab is to fit the trailer with an electromagnetic brake .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
vernon NNP , and the 2005 nfl draft only had seven rounds ( the article mentions the 9th round ) .	14	15	VBZ	mentions	mention
the NN is separated from the now treated NN in the NN zone where the density of the NN allows separation by JJ NN .	15	19	VBZ	allows	allow
some areas give more training in other JJ techniques and equipment ( see below ) .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
in the main , this rock only comprises NN and NN ; although it sometimes contains NN and NN as well .	5	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise
a NN released by the executive office of the president of the united states shortly after the start of the cold war called survival under atomic attack depicts the nature of the early civil defense initiatives .	1	27	VBZ	depicts	depict
park studio , NNP then asks the player to go and do more NNS for two other artists he is trying to sign .	1	5	VBZ	asks	ask
a JJ child tells a good story .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
prisoners are safe from prison NNS and other dangerous prisoners .	0	1	VBP	are	is
active sports facilities include an JJ golf course , two NNS clubs , tennis courts and an outdoor swimming pool .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the railways of taiwan include conventional rail , rapid transit systems , and high-speed rail , as well as specialized railways for tourists and industry .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
audience of one is the third studio album by JJ singer-songwriter NNP NNP , released on january 13 , 2009 by emi gospel .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles about NNP county , poland .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
dwarf NNS comprise the smallest domestic rabbit breeds , most frequently due to the effects of a single NN gene .	1	2	VBP	comprise	comprises
its companion , 12th magnitude 49 NNP b , is much NN and of an unknown JJ type .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the title character NNP is one of NNP studios ' JJ NNS .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJS weather normally occurs from late december to early february , and the january daily mean temperature is , with NNS failing to breach the VBG mark on an average 6 days .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
all three clubs play during the respective village NNS as well as in various other NNS around the JJ islands .	2	3	VBP	play	plays
the NN summit of black down is a popular viewing point , crowned by the 72 foot high hardy monument built in 1844 in memory of NNP sir thomas NNP hardy who was admiral nelson 's flag captain at the battle of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the portal namespace is for the benefit of all readers ( including those who never edit the site ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think the JJ nature of the article is n't very encyclopedic , but at the same time i think it 's NN for the sort of material covered .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
this area has problems with VBG , NN , robbery , the establishment of strip clubs and corruption .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a related concept is the numerical radius , which is the largest absolute values of the numbers in the numerical range , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NNS are the main attractions of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
promoted exclusively by the NNP research institute ( NNP ) [ 4 ] since 1983 , these trees have been planted across the united states in numbers the organization claims to be in excess of 250 , 000 .	28	29	VBZ	claims	claim
this category is for american football at the university of delaware .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main gameplay mechanics of little NNS are similar to other JJ racing games such as super sprint , NNP heat and super off road .	3	7	VBP	are	is
this studio has an estimated cost of 1 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the fan is an oriental element , and an expression of the artistic trend known as NNP which was then prevalent in european art .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
main agricultural crops are fruits especially , NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
jointly developed with NNP land , the township spans over 1 , 200 acres .	7	8	VBZ	spans	span
the NNP JJ field is a JJ area in the north island of new zealand .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a project that is inactive is no help to the encyclopedia , and a project that never will be active will never be a help to the encyclopedia , thus i say we should delete this .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the lower board of the clock is a calendar .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
plot ( 1842 revised edition ) NNP NNP 's two sons , NNP and NNP , return home from an orthodox seminary in kiev .	10	16	VBP	return	returns
his name is a NN of the ancient figure NNP and the word sport , which represents his NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the modern rule , however , is that the failure of a JJ gift to one NN causes that NN 's share to be divided among the remaining JJ NNS .	9	17	VBZ	causes	cause
scholarly opinion is generally the most JJ for identifying the mainstream view , with the two NNS that not every identified subject matter has its own academic NN , and that the opinion of a scholar whose expertise is in a different field must not be given JJ weight .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another symbol of NNP is the big `` s '' ( NNP ) ; thus , NNP and NNP prague are usually collectively called the prague `` s '' and contest the prague derby .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
after they escape in a NN through an empty town , it is revealed that the man talking to mike is dylan morton from NNP crisis 2 and he is also NNP 's father .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
a 2008 study of the species NNP VBP in current biology suggests female NNS VBP to the males reflecting NN b light before VBG , a finding that challenges the previously held assumption that animals did not register NN b light .	13	14	VBP	react	reacts
a possible example of this is in the saturn system , where NNP is not RB locked , while the larger NNP , which VBZ at a greater distance , is .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBP JJ cells express the NN molecules NNP ( in NN NNP this is NNP ) , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	express	expresses
the local NN is ( CD ) CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
hard to say who generated it , or why that entity thinks it belongs here .	10	11	VBZ	thinks	think
the content which was deleted seems to be the sort of stuff which should be covered in the redirect article and largely is .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
the village has a methodist church , post office and garage , and a village hall which was opened in the late 1990s .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the major NN of NN based education ( NNP ) is that NN and NNS should be awarded on the basis of demonstrated performance on NN and on results , rather than on VBN or completed credits .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the district attorney , determined to VB this appeal to VB the case , uses all the government 's evidence to keep those who marched alongside dr .	2	14	VBZ	uses	use
speedy delete as a blatant hoax , since the article makes it clear this does not exist .	9	10	VBZ	makes	make
one report suggests this procedure is usually effective .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the question is whether we have articles about people that are notable for being reality game show contestants .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name change is completely JJ and does nothing to address any issues .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when a child feels the need for a friend to talk to , he or she can show this by using the friendship bench .	2	3	VBZ	feels	feel
the NNP park , which is named after two lakes in the park , features mature , mixed forest with many small lakes .	2	14	VBZ	features	feature
the link in the article shows it is one of two mosque operated by an VBG mosque .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
his work has NNS with the school of london painters , including the paintings of frank NNP , who is an acknowledged influence on him .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
comment - the sourcing is okay .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
bart 's most prominent character traits are his NN , NN , NN for authority and sharp NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the closest city is NNP , 64 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but i think the NN is internationally significant .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
they are RB , miniature versions of the adult and have a pale brown head and JJ white NN .	5	10	VBP	have	has
your account needs to be four days old before you can upload files .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
NNP 's soldiers gather , causing NNP to hide .	2	3	VBP	gather	gathers
i think the previous user name is and always was RB given at the top of the present user talk page , and linked elsewhere in the contributions .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
one hypothesis for this `` NN NN '' is that the NNS formed in a disc of gas still not expelled by the sun .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the survivor is the man of many names - NNP himself , clearly the NN of the others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a similar phenomenon is also true within the field of professional sports as professional athletes who are directly involved directly with the competition , the physical aspects of scoring and defending , as well as being widely VBN by fans are more than likely to become celebrities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some admins also do push users away !	1	3	VBP	do	does
his NN home is the NNP house memorial museum .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the third terminal of the airport , terminal 3 or NNP , is the newest and biggest terminal in the NNP complex , JJ construction started in 1997 .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
in the uk , only from 1845 when legislation and land costs began to VB the laying out of rail routes and JJR curves were necessary , did the principles start to be applied in practice .	29	30	VBP	start	starts
NNP , JJR water comes into the baltic sea and flows along the bottom .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the stream of NNP creek runs through this township .	1	5	VBZ	runs	run
this reflects both his opinion that `` to the pure all things are pure '' , and his developing view that external symbols were less important than inner faith .	11	12	VBP	are	is
NNP ball is a north american NN game that generally follows the basic rules of baseball .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two populations in southern florida are particularly notable .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the man shoots at them , then throws the gun away .	1	2	VBZ	shoots	shoot
note that this table is not necessarily VB of all content broadcast on television , owing to the inclusion or NN of some data .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think the NN idea is a good one .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the song uses VBG from NNP pop 's `` the passenger '' .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the main thesis is not directly JJ to any reliable sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the actual source of the article is my camera .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
further prizes of the italian mathematical union are the NNP prize , the NNP prize and the NNP medal .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the only thing that makes us different is our backgrounds , experience , and differences in cultures .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
first note that the technique relates specifically to testing whether a substance is JJ or not .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the table below gives the details about amount of oil filled at the starting station , NN that occurred in each truck and the actual quantity of oil that was delivered to the destination ( all in terms of total percentage ) .	1	3	VBZ	gives	give
this badge consists of white horse on a lighting flash with a crown on top a blue NN below the crown with NNP NNP written on it .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the video describes three ordinary people watching NNP 65 music videos and VBG the band when they too become their NNS .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
keep the nomination seems to be a JJ nomination and none of the points made is valid .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
i look around , and quickly realize that the only difference between this and a huge NN party is that all these NNS play music .	10	18	VBZ	is	are
the creation of paris sciences et NNPS results from a joint initiative by leading scientific institutions , which share a common location at the very heart of paris , france , in the so-called latin quarter .	1	5	VBZ	et	et
their volleyball team competes at the nearby crawford hall , however , they use the NNP for some games where high attendance is expected .	3	13	VBP	use	uses
the z field actually contributes in every process the NN does , but due to its large mass , the contribution is usually JJ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the class NNP is exactly equal to the intersection of the classes NNP and NN .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
if the value of selected NNS the value of NN , then NN is JJ and all other lists are collapsed .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
this geological formation is part of the victoria group of the NNP mountains , which is approximately above sea level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the text is RB incomplete and is not easy to follow .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so far the only JJ detail is that it will have some focus on NNP , the president of the hunter association .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
delivery also leads to increased JJ pressures .	0	2	VBZ	leads	lead
when they make a NN of the vessel , they are surprised that the NN is an NNP .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the article NNP says that it is currently worn in a variety of countries .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
you can look at the references to that article to find the questions they ask to determine how democratic a country is .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
WRB my father is , he is happy this day has come .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the contact arrives a demands 100 NNP NN for the information .	1	2	VBZ	arrives	arrive
or and should be removed until such time the appropriate authorities make a determination .	10	11	VBP	make	makes
if your claim is correct , you should be able to find sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the VBG population of NN and NNS includes NN , NN , NN , common NN , VBD RB , grey NN , NN , NN , water rail , NN , NN , NN , NN NN , JJ NN and little NN .	2	7	VBZ	includes	include
chinese NNS lumber is used most for furniture , NNS , NN , NN NN , as well as specialty uses such as long bow construction and tool NNS .	19	20	VBZ	uses	use
another natural wonder is the series of mountain ranges in south east queensland known as the scenic rim .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
currently , NNS offering coverage of these JJ extra channels include sky sport germany , sky sports NNP ( uk ) , bbc , whenever the latter are showing the race live , and sky sport NNP ( italy ) .	2	10	VBP	include	includes
red dress '' features two NNS , as well as verses that are reminiscent of `` NNP '' by american pop band NNP .	3	21	VBP	band	bands
well , i 'm not taking sides yet but i guess i got an NN that at least one party finds JJ .	19	20	VBZ	finds	find
the school is fully residential and there are about CD students in a school year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
workers also meet the teenagers regularly to form an intimate relationship and it is hoped that teenagers can discuss sex and aids openly without NN .	0	2	VBP	meet	meets
alumni of the site include NNP studios ' luke smith , NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's influence gets doc VBN on the condition he take part in a bank robbery with two of his NNS , NNP ( NNP ) and frank ( bo hopkins ) .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
he has VBN to raise 5 million dollars for sage foundation , and his rock your life is part of the clinton global initiative along with sage foundation .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the church makes an overwhelming impression on the visitor with its surprisingly rich interior filled with golden NN .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
their record labels are NNS , and the article references no third-party sources .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the external links give a more complete tale but conflict on the date .	2	3	VBP	give	gives
another option is to use a closed NN to ensure that debris and leaves do not enter the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another advantage of NNP is that some of the information can be VBN in order to reduce NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it would be ridiculous to demand photographs as long as the candidates are not also VBN to reveal their real names , but this could , of course , as well be demanded .	11	12	VBP	are	is
so , i have looked up the NNS that year , and every year , i need to look up what the date is of her death .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
she proceeded to make a dozen edits to the article with the `` edit in progress '' tag in place .	5	6	VBZ	edits	edit
this allows agencies to VB the security controls to more closely fit their mission requirements and operational environments .	6	7	VBZ	controls	control
this palace and its contents especially the NNP NNP paintings are in JJ need of attention and very poorly managed .	9	10	VBP	are	is
of course , if you look at our list of country name NNS , you will find that almost all country names ultimately VBP from common NNS .	21	23	VBP	derive	derives
the united nations human rights chief NNP NNP announced that there were reports that more than 300 people had died in the violence with up to 3 , 000 injured , although VBN that these reports remain JJ .	35	36	VBP	remain	remains
the school is 5 kilometres away from the NNP harbour and a two minute drive from NNP airport .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this station has three NNS on NNP la NNP and features a JJ yellow NN metro sign .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's NNP - a scientist tests a JJ NN on NNP that does not work , but which he accidentally mixed with plant growth VBD that causes big problems .	5	6	VBZ	tests	test
one NN faces four NNPS , two per side of the bridge , and must VB the bridge as many times as possible within the time limit .	1	2	VBZ	faces	face
in physics , NNP NN , named for NNP NNP , is `` the feature of nature that says experimental results are independent of the orientation or the boost velocity of the laboratory through space '' .	20	21	VBP	are	is
deposits from the river include layer of NN and clay , and the lowest layers show a JJ industry .	14	15	VBP	show	shows
local links are either JJ routes or JJ routes , with designated , geographic service areas .	1	2	VBP	are	is
casual web search shows that a person with the same name as the editor claims to have been employed at ms .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the village is also notable as the location of the NNP NNP railway disaster in 1876 in which a flying NNP train was wrecked during a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as a result , the demand for NN is `` one of the most commonly cited causes of NN '' .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
adelaide offers NNP in the main hall , but the adelaide rules give the highest house edge of any NNP game in australia at over 0 .	11	12	VBP	give	gives
there is an annual silver salmon derby in which contestants try to catch the largest fish to earn a cash prize .	9	10	VBP	try	tries
some drawings are in the british museum , which also has NNS of two sales of his pictures , in CD and 1837 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
action scenes are combat , investigation , or other forms of tension whereas transition scenes allow the characters to recover or to build resources .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the high temperature of the NNS when on fire far VBZ that of other JJ NNS making normal VBG agents JJ .	2	10	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
heating iron to a `` JJ heat '' allows NN as if it were a soft , JJ metal , like copper or silver .	1	8	VBZ	allows	allow
use of a given graphics chip is not the same as using the same card , nor the same components .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
and if a club or society is really notable it should be in the text .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the novel contains a controversial portrait of the JJ NN NNP , VBG him as JJ , RB and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the lyon NN system ( ) is part of the public transport network of the city and commune of lyon , france .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
much like JJ molecules present in the food NN , many NNS are too large to pass through the small NNS of the JJ matrix .	11	12	VBP	are	is
a navigation light is a colored source of NN on a JJ vessel , aircraft and some spacecraft , used to signal a craft 's position , heading , and status .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the temple defines itself , by also including a plaque above the NN that says `` NNP NNP '' or for the NNP of the empress .	1	2	VBZ	defines	define
some NNS call for NN , NN , beer or wine .	1	2	VBP	call	calls
a single radio template listing both types of stations is sufficient .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
they earned the third place in the third NNP tournament , NNP NNP CD held in 2008 and the runners place in NNP domestic CD 2008 .	19	20	VBP	place	places
the flower has five pale yellow oval NNS each up to a NN long .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i could RB use my 1930 copy of NNP 's to back up that the NNP bird is a `` native of new zealand , where it was once very common , but is slowly becoming extinct '' NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the problem with VBG the list to notable websites is that universe today would be excluded from the list .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
redirect to chris NNP who , out of all of the band members , seems to be the most notable .	0	14	VBZ	seems	seem
this is because the head blocks the sound waves for the further ear , causing less intense sound to reach it .	4	5	VBZ	blocks	block
the five largest religious groups by world population , estimated to account for 5 billion people , are christianity , islam , buddhism , NNP ( with the relative numbers for buddhism and NNP dependent on the extent of NN ) and chinese folk religion .	4	17	VBP	are	is
his instruments have features that are typical of JJ violin makers of the time , such as NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the 1999 and 2000 results are for the electoral wards prior to the boundary changes which took place for the 2002 `` all out '' elections .	4	5	VBP	are	is
their service with the court meets in whole or in part the NN requirements of the provincial law societies as a condition of admission to the bar .	1	5	VBZ	meets	meet
a film is a collaborative project involving often thousands of people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the production designer creates the visual conception of the film , working with the art director .	2	3	VBZ	creates	create
from the NNP NNP onwards , many single figures have heads in high relief , but their lower legs are in low relief ; the slightly VBG figures created in this way work well in NNS that are seen from below ( see NNP portal in gallery ) .	18	19	VBP	are	is
i and a few others have attempted to rewrite the article to make it acceptable , it was previously little more than a JJ list of JJ allegations , but the fundamental problems with the article remain so it should be deleted .	32	36	VBP	remain	remains
the common or JJ NN is the angle between the JJ plane and a line that is normal to the reference NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN is often hand painted with the face of a famous NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
middle schools include NNP middle school .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
her favorite places to NN are NNS and NNS ; in fact , one finnish word for NN is VBN , derived from her name .	2	5	VBP	are	is
several years pass , and the scene NNS to st .	1	2	VBP	pass	passes
the school has library and over 50 classrooms , with specialist laboratories and workshops , as well as areas for pupils to go after school .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
many political parties , community groups , NNP 's and other groups and people see the NN of water as a NN of basic human rights on behalf of state and federal governments .	5	14	VBP	see	sees
this debate over whether human rights are more fundamental than economic rights has continued to the present day .	5	6	VBP	are	is
policy changes in early childhood education ( like many fields ) occur by way of individuals who possess little knowledge of the field itself .	1	11	VBP	occur	occurs
VBN soils and fill material are sources of VBN dust .	1	5	VBP	are	is
it is very productive but not VB , the JJS kind of garden , where bright JJ flowers grow amongst the JJ NNS .	17	18	VBP	grow	grows
the far eastern collectors who dominate this market tend to prefer chamber music , and solo violin and NN .	3	8	VBP	tend	tends
NNP rank of 73 in the us is a strong NN of notability .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
it recommended that the sides openly investigate their own conduct and if they failed to do so , to bring the allegations to the international criminal court .	4	6	VBP	investigate	investigates
the set p ( n ) is not JJ ; i .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
certification is a computer hardware certificate ( showing a certain level of understanding with computer hardware ) .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
over the past few days several users , 2 of whom are administrators on wikipedia , engaged in NN and arbitrary blocking .	6	11	VBP	are	is
the NNP system is also JJ , as most of the post secondary NN students are not offered any courses even in community colleges or universities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
support i think many people agree that NNP are a problem area that needs to be dealt with .	4	5	VBP	agree	agrees
other factors influence speed , such as the mix of functional units , bus speeds , available memory , and the type and order of instructions in the programs being run .	1	2	VBP	influence	influences
outdoor activities include school sports , fishing , going to local parks , and golf .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP has been used to produce cotton NNS whose seeds contain reduced levels of JJ NN , a key enzyme in JJ production , without affecting the enzyme 's production in other parts of the plant , where NN is important in preventing damage from plant NNS .	9	10	VBP	contain	contains
for instance , the username is available to NNP as NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
later in the season , black NNS appear on the orange spots on the upper leaf surface .	6	7	VBP	appear	appears
this translation has been generally quite well received ; a review in the observer of london is representative in its praise and in its NNS .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
the largest building in the area is the JJ country lodge , a historic hotel which contains six rooms .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the interface movement is large compared to surface movement .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
current version is an expanded NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
classes meet 18 weeks per NN .	0	1	VBP	meet	meets
the NNS on the north side and south arch of the nave are of NNP stone ( 14th century ) ; those of the south side are granite ( 15th century ) .	1	12	VBP	are	is
JJR erosion - NN VBZ that tunnel valleys form gradually , with the valley head cutting RB back toward the source JJ during NN .	7	8	VBP	form	forms
it is also a NN that nothing can grow out of because the title is JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the gng is , RB , JJ , but the reason it works so well for us is because any editor can look at the sources and judge for themselves whether the gng is passed .	10	17	VBZ	is	are
at NN , the entire fruit body may become detached from the ground , and the NNS spread as the NN is blown around .	16	17	VBP	spread	spreads
honorary NNS are volunteers ( usually one in america , two in the uk ) who collect the cap ( money ) from guest riders .	1	2	VBP	are	is
and regardless of which sports specific skill , this concept remains constant .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain
however , an official picture of walt disney and two children , christine NNP NNP ( age 5 ) and michael NNP ( 7 ) , RB identifies them as the first two guests of NNP .	4	27	VBZ	identifies	identify
the NN NNS and JJ electronic beats are fun and NN , but the JJ lyrics and themes are n't intended for younger fans .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the NN system enables the take up the JJ NNP , and then the conversion of JJ NN in three steps VBN by the products of the arab , NN , JJ genes to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	enables	enable
they seek food independently and prey mainly on insects , like butterfly NNS and NN ( there is a JJ butterfly species whose NNS develop only on NNP NN ) , NNS , NN , ground NNS and the like .	23	24	VBP	develop	develops
the JJ JJ NN , as the name implies , is a dramatic period of volcanic NNS in JJ time , approximately JJ million years ago , centered in the western united states .	7	8	VBZ	implies	imply
monthly updates , starting with the fifth `` the NNP of tyler NNP '' , are free to players who continue to VB but are JJ NNP for players who do not .	1	15	VBP	are	is
writers are typically members of the staff or students from various journalism courses at the university .	0	1	VBP	are	is
taiwan television shows are popular in singapore , malaysia and other asian countries .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the graham factors , shown below , are used by courts to determine if the claimed invention is JJ .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
while the flag itself is the JJ legacy of NNP , she is also VBN through museums and monuments like the marker in hong kong ( where her family temporarily VBD ) , at her JJ home in NNP , NNP which has been turned into a museum , .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
after the last case under two weeks ago [ 19 ] , i suspect it could be thought that the actions are entirely JJ and JJ .	20	21	VBP	are	is
another account has his NN being thrown into the NNP , but recovered and buried later that night by his NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the local service operates from the NNP terminal at NNP avenue through NNP to the howard street terminal where it connects with the red and yellow lines .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
horizontal integration occurs when a firm enters a new business ( either related or unrelated ) at the same stage of production as its current operations .	5	6	VBZ	enters	enter
further modeling aspect can be realize points represent the modeling aspect , if we step out of a JJ representation 's NN and we will create a real JJ network model .	6	7	VBP	represent	represents
rugby union is a minor , but NN , sport in india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the source is an editorial review of a michael NNP novel and some criticism of climate change NN ; the claim the NNP is the only NN opinion is the authors opinion and is not backed by any research or study .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her mother , NNP NNP , resides in NNP , md .	1	6	VBZ	resides	reside
in this way , the actor becomes his own NN .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
captive iron ore mining NNS in NNP are presently under the process of NN by the government .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the JJ properties of JJ NNS , JJ functions and other NNS of NN in mathematical physics , astronomy and right across the physical sciences , are not easy to document completely , absent a theory explaining the NNS .	2	26	VBP	are	is
men are not typically allowed to wear JJ , except religious NN , in NNS even today .	0	1	VBP	are	is
although a number of field and JJ studies have been conducted on NN and NNS , these studies have design and implementation NNS , which make them JJ .	17	18	VBP	have	has
after reconnaissance satellites detect a large , JJ NNP JJ JJ missile carrying a nuclear weapon in north korea , which can strike anywhere in the continental united states , a fictional united states president NNP t .	2	3	VBP	detect	detects
NNP escapes when a truck attempts to transport him to the mexican border .	4	5	VBZ	attempts	attempt
another example is season 3 episode 7 jackie is VBN by a snake , and uses a NN fu style known as `` the JJ master '' from one of his earliest VBG films of the same name .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new version is big enough now per criteria .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an alternative , controversial , explanation has it that the word originally referred to a variety of games in medieval europe , which were played on foot .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
the route then VBZ privilege street , carrying route CD .	1	3	VBZ	intersects	intersect
half a year or a year looks a good term .	2	6	VBZ	looks	look
both right hand NNS and left hand NNS are to be played NN throughout .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the town is near the location of NNP , the training camp for general `` mad '' anthony wayne 's legion of the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN with NN or NN may be used if the patient has JJ NN .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the book publishing industry alone employs 25 , 000 people .	3	5	VBZ	employs	employ
the NN is a dense NN of many JJ flowers , each flower about 0 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i fail to see what the cold war in any way has to do with the definition of NN , or with the boxer rebellion , which happened 45 years before the cold war .	7	11	VBZ	has	have
when NN features are present , classification thus becomes problematic .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this orientation shows columns of NNS positioned a JJ distance from one NN on the left to one NN on the right , and edges VBG adjacent columns of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
one alternative theory explains the male JJ period in terms of a JJ JJ feedback mechanism , rather than through central chemicals like NN , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
the council also VBZ general plans for economic and social development , which are in turn authorized by the national assembly twice yearly .	1	3	VBZ	proposes	propose
NNP railway station is a railway station in the south eastern corner of the london borough of NNP , in NNP zone 6 and on the south eastern main line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i can certainly remove it , although the pottery is definitely JJ , the tools are harder to be certain about .	14	15	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS ; NN is CD , CD NNS long .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the members travel to the final mission venue ( NNP ) , where the JJ members become gods who each have a NN , and are given golden name tags .	15	16	VBP	become	becomes
the owner of a failing race track seeks to reverse his fortune by holding a series of promotion events where the cars are driven by women .	1	7	VBZ	seeks	seek
policy NNS are a series that takes an JJ look at critical public policy choices and NNS their impact on the state .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when working , she VBZ to sit in the court rather than in a media NN , where the cameras tend to concentrate on who is speaking and the images are frequently too JJ .	19	20	VBP	tend	tends
it still appears to me that the character is purely fictional , but what we need to say is that he is a real person , perhaps played by multiple people .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP reported that the secret NN may be JJ NN based upon that was granted to NNP in 2009 ; but this material is also one of the most common NN materials in the field .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
face admits that NNP forced him to , since his will stated that if face did not undergo the operation , NNP 's considerable wealth would be given to face 's rival actor , NNP NNP .	0	1	VBZ	admits	admit
the side edges are known as the NNS ; the word derives from `` JJ '' , meaning that the NNS do not need to be secured by anything else .	10	11	VBZ	derives	derive
the song that is played when lisa walks into the monastery is o NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the code example is for a JJ rating scale , but i believe the technique can work for JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the album itself has to be notable and verifiable and this is certainly neither .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the first method is not correct .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to national census of 2001 , population of the village is CD .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
examples include the JJ NN i the JJ effect may be an NN of basement membrane NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
paraguay edition - under the name el NNP ( like its NNP counterpart ) this JJ version includes the main streets of the capital city of NNP , and uses the NNP as its currency .	16	17	VBZ	includes	include
support oppose concerns are marginal ; any errors in policy knowledge can be corrected , he can learn .	2	3	VBP	are	is
even rebellion 's current NNS of NNP 's stories feature brief descriptions of smith on the biography pages , whereas other artists whose contribution and influence is not as great receive detailed paragraphs .	4	9	VBP	feature	features
for reference , here is my full quote `` the sources are irrelevant .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the goal of such radical changes is the more quality and JJ research of the produced and realized production as well as creation the unified trading zone on the territory of certain states .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the original route between NNP and NNP is now the NNP road , and the NNP VBZ significantly from it ; similarly , the NNP was the original route between NNP and NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the school in cedar hill , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
recreational facilities in NNP include the NNP golf course other sports clubs include the NNP cricket club and the st NNP louis cricket club .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
established in 1948 , the school is the primary health resource for california 's various animal populations .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NN do not support the use of the term the other sources are not reliable .	11	12	VBP	are	is
starting at CD meters above sea level , the ride is a JJ NN until competitors reach CD ( about 10 , 000 feet ) .	15	16	VBP	reach	reaches
NNP NNP from santiago de NNP and racing NNP from NNP were two other notable club sides , now the third team is cd NNP currently in the second division of the la liga ( liga NNP ) .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
other terms used include JJ NN and JJ NN or JJ NN , but these more accurately refer to similar , but different , sand NN types .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
one route , operated by NNP coach travel , runs along NNP road in york , before entering the village along NNP NNP lane and the other is a direct route along NNP road into york run by first group .	1	9	VBZ	runs	run
the game is very similar to its predecessor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the particular site in question is the `` free NNP '' site being VBN over on the kent NNP page .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the unit is the main training group within that area , there may for example normally be only one unit in a village or group of village depending on population , whereas a city may have a number of units due to the population .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , here on earth , the equivalent NNS occur , but the relevant parameters of our planet 's magnetic field are a bit different than jupiter - so the very low frequency radio NN here on earth are at JJ frequencies .	14	21	VBP	are	is
further research shows that they can tell in one NN whether or not the object is worth attacking .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the difference is that there is no need for anyone to VB that file .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN is based on the time that a player spends in game , whereas NN is based on the length of time after an item is purchased , regardless of whether or not a player actively plays the game .	34	36	VBZ	plays	play
the intention is to VB the body through NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village is on the NNP road about southwest of NNP , and about northeast of junction 12 on the NNP motorway .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first two sons ignore the advice and , in the pleasant inn , abandon their quest .	3	4	VBP	ignore	ignores
overall administration is by the national park service , VBG with state , county , municipal , and university agencies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in fact , this list is much more important than the list of JJ NNS because all the artists have had two hits .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the shot includes two blocks of JJ buildings that VBP into the distance of a downtown set extension .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the most common letters do not necessarily require VBG as is the case with the NNP keyboard VBD NNS ( NNP NN ) where the twelve most frequent characters only require single keys .	28	30	VBP	require	requires
i believe all the NNP style equations require a rest mass or a rest frame .	6	7	VBP	require	requires
the business about having an editorial board and reputation , etc , is for secondary sources .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
images of this cover are already widely distributed to identify the single as part of NNS and reviews , so we do not VB the market value by providing it here .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the northern part of grand NNP borders the nation of NNP NN .	2	6	VBZ	borders	border
the success depends on the skill of the NN , the type of hair being removed , the condition of the skin and the pain threshold of the client .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
if the page is a copyright violation ( which it was , in this case ) then it can not be restored for an editor to continuing working upon .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
various critics describe the organization as a hate group .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
the main NN is to give them the basic knowledge about computers .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to this view , the authority to create the constitution derives from the prior act of NN accomplished by the declaration .	6	11	VBZ	derives	derive
JJ cities like montreal and ottawa have important papers in both french and english .	1	6	VBP	have	has
her only connection to her JJ people is a collection of recorded journal entries made by the scientist who VBD for her as a baby .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the image has a brief description that identifies the image , notes the source , and provides NN to the copyright holder .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
citation speech occurs when people engage RB in spoken language research .	4	5	VBP	engage	engages
no third-party sources give this subject significant coverage to establish its notability .	2	3	VBP	give	gives
its flower 's colors are light red to white .	3	4	VBP	are	is
with the exception of the NN tagged as NNP , the article looks good to me .	11	12	VBZ	looks	look
the company 's origins date back to an NN 's shop founded in CD in norwich by william moore .	3	4	VBP	date	dates
the group joins more than 10 full time researchers from two universities , the university of NNP and the pablo de NNP university .	1	2	VBZ	joins	join
another charter records the gift of land near the road from NNP to NNP that was made at the VBG of his mother margaret .	1	2	VBZ	records	record
while many people speak of the JJ solution as being the only viable , long-term plan for stability in the region , the current political status is of three independent states ; with palestine divided into the NNP west bank and the JJ gaza strip .	2	3	VBP	speak	speaks
a NNP NNP match starts out as a royal NNP match and when all the participants have arrived , the match then becomes a ladder match .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start
this album is also the doors ' JJS official release , VBG in at JJ minutes and eighteen seconds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in 1986 this building was substantially altered , and now only the facade remains , attached to a large high rise office building .	12	13	VBZ	remains	remain
letter from us congress raises some NNS the NNP , 23 december CD january 2009 , during the gaza war , NNP condemned israel , saying , `` this naked NN and JJ use of force by israel is unfortunate and only leads to further NN of violence '' .	0	4	VBZ	raises	raise
set in israel during the eighteen months leading up to the NNP war , the novel VBZ life on a fictional NN , NNP , where the founding generation and their children struggle to come to terms with each other and the JJ tensions within israeli society .	15	16	VBZ	portrays	portray
urban residents enjoy far higher levels of government funding than those in the countryside , making areas in the country side VBD communities relative to their counterparts in the city .	1	2	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
the college is on an site acquired from NNP college on the banks of the river NNP , to the east of the city centre .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
only a few people stay , among them will blue ( henry NNP ) .	3	4	VBP	stay	stays
the plan involves ted , as the master of ceremonies , calling the number 11 .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
NN most important work is RB the NN intention ( 1957 ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
no worthy article , no matter how obscure the topic , gets zero google hits .	2	11	VBZ	gets	get
in this case , the proposal is to use it simply as an illustration of the general concept of the `` parade of nations '' , which unfortunately is n't sufficient .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
an important special case is that of JJ spaces ; in this case it is natural to consider linear NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
alex NNP musician with `` massive success '' but no entries on allmusic or NN ; zero google hits for `` NNP records '' ; only five hits for ' '' alex NN '' `` keep it real '' ' , and the top one is a myspace page .	2	18	VBZ	hits	hit
in some places a township is just a survey township with no NN , in others it is not more than a voting district in a county , in others it is a civil township ( or town ) with full legal incorporated rights .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the town 's location now resembles an JJ NN of some , but has little showing of its NN and significant historical NN .	3	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the NNS work RB with the police officers to solve crimes , in addition to working closely with the community .	1	2	VBP	work	works
advocates for NN health care often point to other countries , where national JJ systems produce better health outcomes at lower cost .	14	15	VBP	produce	produces
the number of refugees from western bosnia is unknown .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the source of the river is in south NNP , lincolnshire , from NN it flows generally north until it reaches lincoln .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the default output is not supplied when the NN file includes a .	9	10	VBZ	includes	include
since only the first two NNS after the JJ place are significant , this is usually rounded to 5 .	5	10	VBP	are	is
the show follows a young man named ryan ( NNP wood ) and his neighbor 's dog NNP ( jason NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the girls ' fathers come for open house , but as they leave , they warn NNP and NNP not to let any harm come to their daughters .	3	4	VBP	come	comes
derby station today has six platforms ( all but platform 5 are through platforms ) , connected by a NN , used as an exit to pride park and a car park .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
shock records , a wilhelm NNP 's australian label , released the ep on cd in a NN on november 20 , the same date is the ep released in the united states .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the desk for the president is an original piece made by john shaw in CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the film features john abraham , NNP NNP and NNP singh in lead roles .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
place NNS in association football are the corner kick , free kick , goal kick , NNP and penalty kick .	1	5	VBP	are	is
i VBP tell the grass is tall , but the picture is JJ , full of NN compression , and just not quite up there .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a JJ interpretation of the rule allows for the case in which an ideal device could contain hundreds of NN NNS , each operating at very low power and together performing large amounts of ( processing ) work quickly .	2	6	VBZ	allows	allow
but his head makes it , and body goes the long way .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
perhaps the reason we use electric NNS now is because we are used to having NNS NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
senior NNS of the university however also wear these NNS .	1	7	VBP	wear	wears
light industry is concentrated in the town of south NNP and the city of NNP , while service industries exist throughout the county .	18	19	VBP	exist	exists
both games take place in particularly dangerous areas of the city , sometimes to the extent that the area has been wholly abandoned , and subsequently populated by criminals and corruption , whilst VBD off from the rest of the city .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
it looks like it has been hit with some very strong noise reduction ( the background is JJ smooth but the detail on the fish is very VBN and a bit JJ - looks almost JJ as a result .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
NNS ' father was a JJ government official , but they never saw eye to eye and when NNP ' father appears in the lone NNP pilot , the two had n't spoken for some time .	20	21	VBZ	appears	appear
the winner represents ontario at the canadian senior NNP championships .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
the most recent NN petition , filed by medical NNS advocates in 2002 , is likely to wind up in the u .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
seventeen staff members are full and corresponding members of the russian academy of sciences and the russian academy of education .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i thought of that myself , but i rejected it because plain is too widely used on articles with few references .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
most editors want to include the text .	1	2	VBP	want	wants
such NNS include JJ cell NN , and certain forms of brain cancer .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
yes , the lead is much better now .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the ladder follows the traditional afl format of four points for a win , two for a draw , and none for a loss .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
transcription , in the context of NN , is the process in which an NN makes a line art drawing to show the signs on a clay NN or stone inscription in a graphic form suitable for modern publication .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
while wikipedia in general , and NNS in particular , are usually very JJ with no JJ chain of command , some projects have VBN from VBG a certain hierarchy within their membership .	6	10	VBP	are	is
instead , he VBZ that jewish law has a JJ structure , in regard both to its differing domains of authority ( e .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the ecclesiastical hat VBZ the helmet and crest , because those were considered too JJ for men in the JJ state .	2	3	VBZ	replaces	replace
the feet are more JJ , indicating that they faced forward throughout the NN , and the NNS ( NNS ) are reduced in length so that they are more like that of later NNS ( NNS and mammals ) ( carroll 1988 pp .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first sentence , this is a complete list of philadelphia eagles head coaches .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
when an article makes multiple references to the same source , the same edition of the source is normally preferred for all citations .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
this category is for articles related to NNS which have adapted to live within the ecological NN of caves .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
inside , JJ NNS hang from NN , VBD NNS ; NNP floor NN has JJ cat NNS and water slowly VBZ this JJ building .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
key membership benefits of NNP include a NNP bureau for those amateur radio operators in regular communications with other amateur radio operators in foreign countries and sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the military term is somewhat like the financial term `` VB '' , which is a generic concept in the financial world .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if it can be shown that this source is rs , fine .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP version is a more complex version of the game ; carrying complex information in addition to a business map of japan and extra memory to chart the profit margin on a series of bars and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
empty homes are part of the cut the NNP coalition which believes that reducing NNP from 17 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the poster is a NN VBN NN of former australian prime minister malcolm fraser .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
highways also link the city to NNP along the river , to NNP in NNP province to the southwest , to NNP in NNP to the west , and to VB in NNP province to the southeast .	0	2	VBP	link	links
NN rumors hold that some women had their lower NNS removed to facilitate JJR NN of the NN .	1	2	VBP	hold	holds
high NNP '' , `` low NNP '' or `` christopher NNP NNP '' ( invented when NNP gave the dark knight rises a NNP rating and is the highest the score goes before becoming a full price ) .	31	32	VBZ	goes	go
another popular song by NNP , `` CD '' , is a tribute to bruce lee .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
exploration makes up the majority of the game , which is a standard feature of JJ games .	0	1	VBZ	makes	make
not every two word combination is worthy of an article in JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
religion seeks to tell us that we can achieve `` NN '' through it ; science seeks proof that NN is possible .	0	1	VBZ	seeks	seek
for example , NNP above proposed a nice line , `` if material acquired from a JJ source is contentious in some way , it is best to explicitly attribute the material to its author in the wikipedia article text , rather than state it as fact .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
the exact cause is unknown and , while it has been associated with NN consumption by children with JJ illness , it also occurs in the absence of NN use .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if two networks meet , and decide to merge , a new NNP will be formed of the two ( though the two networks will have their own NNP along with the NNS inside this global , new NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	meet	meets
while driving back to springfield , the family reflects on their wonderful time , while homer 's VBN for new york remains .	7	8	VBZ	reflects	reflect
lesbian women and straight men have , on average , slightly larger right brain NNS .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the current page is useless , of course .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
scouts can be seen marching through the village every year on st george 's day when a service at holy trinity VBZ scouts , cubs and NNS of the role of scouting and all members VBP their scout promise .	17	21	VBZ	reminds	remind
their goal is to provide medical professionals with software solutions for doing their own NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these side effects tend to VB over time .	2	3	VBP	tend	tends
the state of wyoming has 23 counties .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
a NN , or occasionally JJ , is a man who is a member of a JJ religious order in catholic christianity .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the theory of war cycles holds that wars happen in cycles .	1	5	VBZ	holds	hold
settlement population is 1 , CD ( 2009 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its drainage basin covers a surface of 27 .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
an earlier nine years of listings are to be obtained from other sources .	3	6	VBP	are	is
its administrative center is the urban locality ( a work settlement ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each region has its own three NNS passed down from generations .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
be advised that most every image of these ships in commons is unsourced and JJ at this level .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
activities in the middle school include a student council , a school newspaper , and a NN committee .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
despite the name difference , its operation is the same as standard NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
both types of JJ NNS give a subtle but interesting visual NN , and tend to draw the fabric NNS , making it VB .	1	5	VBP	give	gives
i did not check all of them , but the first one is again a trivial mention which merely lists this brand among many other brands in indonesia .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's new project takes the NN into a future city which experiences a global energy crisis , far more threatening than lack of oil and gas .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
an article published in the JJ journal medical NNP suggested that the nose is an NN of the angle of skull following human JJ changes due to NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the booth algorithm uses a modified version of the NNP VBG function to find the RB minimal string rotation .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the NN at NNP pit cove has some of the best NN facilities in the conception bay area .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
in the 1999 will smith film , wild wild west , the joining ceremony is the setting of an assassination attempt on then u .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
these schools operate under the provincial council .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
the district provides an online learning program for students grades JJ .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
driving through the NN , the truck 's radio comes on by itself and VBZ the four to sleep , leaving the truck to drive itself off the road and up a hill .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
this process is essential to the function of JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the foundation for alcohol research supports scientific studies on the use and prevention of NN of alcohol .	1	5	VBZ	supports	support
as one moves to the east or west from main street , the houses become less elaborate and the neighborhood becomes less JJ .	19	20	VBZ	becomes	become
the state designation for the road ends in the cdp , near NNP volunteer fire department .	2	6	VBZ	ends	end
the law , which is developed upon the basis of islamic law and is not set out in writing , consists of a system of marine laws and regulations ; in regard , the sea is a source of work and welfare .	1	20	VBZ	consists	consist
the film VBZ around three people - lord nicholas dorset and his wife NNP , for whom luxury is a necessity , and their bank manager mr .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; CD children or 7 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the influence of islamic and arab culture on its architecture , music , NN , cuisine and lifestyle is prominent as well .	1	18	VBZ	is	are
the school works five days per week with six to eight 45 minute periods per day ; doubled ( or 90 minute ) periods VBP in grades JJ .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the company operates production , distribution and marketing facilities in NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
the males have black and dark brown NN , an JJ crest on the NN and a larger bill than the female .	1	2	VBP	have	has
his contribution to american art includes some of the foremost examples of action painting , produced consistently over the course of the second half of the 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include
jack is eventually kicked out of the fraternity because another NN brother tells everyone jack came on to him when eric actually came on to jack .	11	12	VBZ	tells	tell
episode VBG friday wants to VB lady NNP and others with a NN of the king VBG to fly .	0	3	VBZ	wants	want
land of make believe is the third album by alternative hip-hop group NNP in the hall , released on march 9 , 2010 .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
its members comprise the scottish government , the law society of scotland , the faculty of advocates , the royal institution of chartered NNPS and the chartered institute of NNP .	1	2	VBP	comprise	comprises
together with NNP NNP the retail branch makes up one of the NNP 's three NNS .	6	7	VBZ	makes	make
websites selling the product make several more detailed claims , including acquiring a `` larger NN '' .	0	4	VBP	make	makes
any further comments are probably better placed on user pages .	2	3	VBP	are	is
typical share classes for funds sold through NNS or other NNS are as follows .	2	11	VBP	are	is
another photo shows missing foundation stones that were replaced .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNS drop items when defeated , with different types of NNS dropping different items .	0	1	VBP	drop	drops
flash memory VBZ either nor logic or NNP logic .	1	2	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
no printing company name or copyright date is visible .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
those from NNP , NNP , NNP and surrounding regions have a different tone and NN of words compared to those from the NNP and NNP areas .	9	10	VBP	have	has
with the street beginning at dodge street , historically significant sections include those from dodge to lake street , from fort street to laurel avenue , and from NNP to NNP streets .	10	11	VBP	include	includes
daily newspaper is the base of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
woman from canada has cats as NNS !	0	3	VBZ	has	have
the statue of the goddess has four arms .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the NNP people are very faithful people .	2	3	VBP	are	is
although this saves the weight of a separate gas system , the loop now has to handle a hot , JJ gas instead of a cool , VB one .	12	14	VBZ	has	have
NNP collector voltage is the output of the circuit ( in contrast to the JJ circuit , it has a perfect square NN since the output is not loaded by the NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN is the foundation of virtue , and is what all teaching grows out of .	11	12	VBZ	grows	grow
the resolution of this is to notice the some , which clearly to me , and to the established consensus here , means that a very little will do .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
king 's NNP NNP school has its own junior school , which is separate from the senior school , although shares many of its facilities .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP appeared on the program and gave his opinion of why individuals join NNP , stating that the organization 's `` JJ NN '' is really to get people to take JJ NN NN .	22	24	VBZ	is	are
a JJ NN in z [ x ] is JJ in z [ x ] if and only if it is both JJ in q [ x ] and primitive in z [ x ] .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
her mother is RB ill and buried in debt .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
theatre credits include the NNP NNP , the NNP and NNP and the NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the song is now available for purchase on itunes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first appearance seems to be the first ted scott flying stories book , published in germany in the early 1930s as ted scott der NNP .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the exhibits VBP 4 , 000 years of jerusalem 's history , from its NNS as a NNP city to modern times .	1	2	VBP	depict	depicts
the target neighbors are the data points that should become nearest neighbors under the learned metric .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the result files are also available for download .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when reliable sources appear to VB each other it may indicate that some of them are wrong .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
this song is the most VBN song by dr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that said , the assignment NN has passed , and the article has not been significantly improved , although addition of some inline references make me think that some content is JJ and thus merge .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
the shell of the venus NN NN NNP NN has an extremely long JJ canal .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
you have a good start here , but to be quite honest , this article needs quite a bit of work .	14	15	VBZ	needs	need
gold exploration still continues in and around the town today .	1	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the author is new , and so should be given a guidance rather than VBG .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS are always bad form .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP is a son of a politician in NNP , his family VBZ around politics in which the reason he also studied NNP and diplomatic affairs at college .	11	12	VBZ	surrounds	surround
the river passes by a number of cities and towns such as NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , el NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP rica , then finally to NNP at its mouth .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the page breaks many of the wikipedia guidelines ( especially or , pov ) .	1	2	VBZ	breaks	break
the problems also extend to the kevin barrett and carol NNP articles .	1	3	VBP	extend	extends
the JJ effects of NN include visual and JJ NN , the mixing of JJ NNS , and psychological NN that may lead to great NN , fear , or NN .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the highest point of the city is to 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
numerous NNS of the NNP and NNP pass through the area .	1	7	VBP	pass	passes
suppose there is someone dying at b - the search party is out there - and they are going to call you and tell you where b is so you can go rescue them .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
all i was saying was that the reality you VBP is far from true .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the abuse through NNS is a small price to pay for the freedom of the NN users ( chinese users being one of the many examples ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
such questions of content or quality are beyond the scope of afd and should not be used as arguments for deletion .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the program is able to bypass security techniques commonly used by many forums and blogs to VB automated spam , such as account registration , client detection , many forms of NNP , and e-mail activation before posting .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP attended columbia university although sources differ on whether he graduated .	5	6	VBP	differ	differs
the town has one private , catholic school , the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
regarding the film portrayal , imdb VBZ that NNP NNP played `` RB '' in the NNP 's daughters , but i can not see evidence that it is the same person , and even so , the role appears to be fairly minor .	38	39	VBZ	appears	appear
the foundation takes a unique JJ approach towards VBG grants , often reaching out to service providers and then helping them develop the programs it funds .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
race officials include the chief of race , chief of course , NNS , NNS , gate judges , NNS , a jury and others who organize the event and ensure it is run safely and according to governing body rules .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the short ears and legs are much smaller than that of a swamp rabbit .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP are hindu , and their tribal NNS include NNP NNP and NNP baba .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
a JJ old girl with aids writes in to NNP .	3	6	VBZ	writes	write
but despite its JJ success , the show ends up being canceled after a single joke because NNPS found her jokes to be racist .	7	8	VBZ	ends	end
plant communities in which NNP 's ground NNS occur include VBN NN ( NNP NN ) , big NN ( NNP NN ) NN , NN ( NNP NN .	7	8	VBP	occur	occurs
the western ridge is the homeland of NNP tribes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ treatment of this phenomenon involves the NN of all NNS in the molecule ; this treatment , however , NNS to show the principle .	2	6	VBZ	involves	involve
bell 's theorem implies , and it has been proven RB , that compatible measurements can not show JJ NNS , and thus NN is a RB JJ phenomenon .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
some fans blame the policy for the eventual end of NNP CD in 2002 , but no one ever substantially proved this .	1	2	VBP	blame	blames
no assertion in the article suggests otherwise , and the article does not cite any secondary sources .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
moreover , the NNS based on function between NNS and other cells such as NN and muscle cells are not helpful .	3	18	VBP	are	is
this project is currently independent of other projects , however it works closely with wikiproject NNP , wikiproject aviation and wikiproject military history .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this transaction log is responsible for checking all transactions to ensure that they VBP to the rules of the eu NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's NNS give a simple relation between the roots of a JJ and its NNS .	2	3	VBP	give	gives
the square has a crafts fair .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
north sea island of NNP and is germany 's JJ town and a former municipality .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the guinea has an JJ NN ; professional fees and payment for land , horses , art and NN NN and furniture were often quoted in NN and it is still quoted in the prices of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the image summary pages need the treatment outlined by jay above ( see list of NNP episodes or list of NNP media for how it can be done ) .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
the ce standard in europe applies to vessels as well as to electrical controls , and china requires that pressure vessels comply with their domestic code .	2	5	VBZ	applies	apply
NNP was RB entered into testing , launched before that testing , and the tragedy is that , by the time it is a good product , everyone will have given up on it .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the main advantage to breaking for home on contact is that it reduces the amount of time an NN will have to make a play at home and , thus , increases the NN of the runner scoring .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
this image is a theatrical poster designed as a promotional tool and is being used to illustrate the article on a little night music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the NN NN arrives at the destination network , all hosts on the network reply to the NN address .	3	4	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the article just needs some expansion .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
JJ secular name is the name that appears in civil documents .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS include an JJ choir , three JJ NNS , and a mixed ensemble , as well as a newly added jazz choir .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the literacy rate is very high .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
common names are NNP ( zimbabwe ) and prince of wales NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
full dress for the lord chancellor and judges comprises black cloth or NN court coat , NN , black cloth knee NNS , black silk NNS , shoes and steel NNS , plain bands , white NNS , and a beaver hat .	1	8	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the NNP municipality is one of the seven municipalities ( NNS ) that makes up the southern NNP state of NNP and , according to a 2007 population estimate by the national institute of statistics of venezuela , the municipality has a population of 9 , CD .	39	40	VBZ	has	have
happy end of you is a 1998 NNP five remix album .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the adults feed on NNS , NNS , and insects .	1	2	VBP	feed	feeds
species which are critically endangered receive a higher score than less threatened species , which in turn , receive a higher score than those not currently in danger of extinction .	0	5	VBP	receive	receives
the game uses a scoring system where points are VBN through defeating enemies and using items .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
however , the residential and commercial section is mostly in the northeastern corner .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
students also have the opportunity to take the act assessment on campus .	0	2	VBP	have	has
my interpretation remains that notability , which can not be inherited from the individual wrestlers , is insufficient for this team to have an independent article .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the game features seven worlds with NNS and enemies .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
call signs are the property of NNP even when assigned .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my primary observation is that the article is written mainly in passive voice , rather than active voice .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some NNS appear worn whilst others appear unused VBG that they were regarded as sacred objects , as well as being used as practical tools .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the most recent episode of the series is peter gabriel 's so , released in autumn of 2012 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN displays the speed of the aircraft in NNS , while the altitude NN displays the aircraft 's altitude above mean sea level ( NNP ) .	15	16	VBZ	displays	display
user NN NN is redundant since the exists , besides , the spelling is wrong .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP charges , and NNP and kid combine their power .	2	8	VBP	combine	combines
started in 1904 with the founding of NNP camp NNP for boys , the organization provides year round outdoor activities .	14	15	VBZ	provides	provide
his latest book is a small `` NN '' of poetry with NNP press , `` the age of revolution '' , no .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN in the manga reveals he was VBN a lot during his high school years .	1	5	VBZ	reveals	reveal
support i made some minor NNS , but otherwise , this list meets all criteria .	11	12	VBZ	meets	meet
this page is a collaboration of NNP , not a collaboration of article editors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the landing gear is a fixed NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
members of the baptist community attend church at NN NNP NNP de NNP , located at CD , route NNP .	0	5	VBP	attend	attends
its sister schools are NNP university , NNP de NNP college , and university of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
that person a has a relationship with well-known person b is not a reason for a NN article on a ( unless significant coverage can be found on a ) '' more information on this can be found here .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
with the NN of NNP into star alliance in july 2008 the airport has the potential to be a major hub with its NN between africa , the middle east and europe ( especially with facilities for the NNP ) .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
NNP middle school 's current principal is NNP NNP , replacing NNP NNP who replaced roger kim in 2007 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP all have the same surface area .	1	14	VBP	have	has
the province , with an area of , has a largely continental climate and flat NN .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
this article refers to the JJ phenomenon .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
god '' ; and that `` JJ states are not actually JJ '' .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the main figure of the second section is the NNP general NNP no NNP ( NNP ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP class ( project 160 ) is a class of NN NN built for the soviet navy between 1967 and 1972 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
another view , first expressed by NNP brown , is that the poem celebrated the marriage of NNP and his wife NNP stanley , the JJ daughter of henry stanley , 4th earl of derby .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the following episode explains that he is VBN by the ethics committee .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
however , our article also notes that some accounts place robin hood as a contemporary of simon de NNP , which would place him during the reign of henry iii .	8	9	VBP	place	places
unlike selection to the pro bowl ( all star game ) , votes are cast for outstanding players by position without consideration for whether the player competes in the american football conference ( afc ) or national football conference ( NNP ) .	25	26	VBZ	competes	compete
NNP domains are reasonable enough , which includes NN domains and domains with continuously JJ boundary .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the book 's contents cover the NNS of character design , from personality to JJ , and lay out maps of the town and some of its buildings .	3	4	VBP	cover	covers
the station broadcasts nascar events and university of north carolina games .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
legal articles get NNS , of course ) .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
only connection to notable figures seems to be alex jones .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
NN chemicals are raw materials used in JJ and flexible NNS commonly used for NN in the construction and NN industries , furniture , packaging and transportation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the web site takes NNS - so anyone can have a page there .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
road CD runs through the town , connecting it to NNP .	0	2	VBZ	runs	run
major peaks on the ridge include , from west to east , NNP peak , NNP peak , and NNP point .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
in addition , the university plans to seek european accreditation for its engineering programs to expand the recognition of its degrees to a global level .	4	5	VBZ	plans	plan
keep the actor has an impressive enough NN , they found as repeating characters in several notable series , and thus establishing their notability .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
hunting and fishing continue , and with the coming of the NNS , the forest begins to yield new varieties of wild foods .	14	15	VBZ	begins	begin
the planned date for NN of the NNP service is march 2012 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the family tracks down the couple and eventually VBZ them .	1	2	VBZ	tracks	track
they all have fans , and their fans want them to have articles .	7	8	VBP	want	wants
the varied nature of the web requires that the NN NNS and data formats can be supported by the largest number of web technologies .	2	6	VBZ	requires	require
in ad CD a JJ , JJ NNP pilot named steve NNP joins the lady from louisiana , a NN in its first major assault on the NNP NNP .	8	12	VBZ	joins	join
the NN season runs from november through march .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
keep per my belief that secondary schools are inherently notable , the article can be expanded .	6	7	VBP	are	is
circular - articles change - someone would need to VB JJ article history for every citation to check that it was n't here first .	2	3	VBP	change	changes
the NNP region , isolated from the rest of NNP by NNP , is an important agriculture producing area , but without the infrastructure or transportation links to improve its capacity .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
his JJ theory acts to explain personality , motivation and mental disorders by focusing on unconscious NNS of behavior .	2	3	VBZ	acts	act
the individual cases are JJ , with blue being used for NNP and red for hd dvd , and the format displayed prominently on a NN above the cover art .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the church is a JJ frame structure on a brick foundation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this case falls in one of those situations and currently we do n't have any plans on adding any JJ contents for either disney sing it title .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
indeed , the sound of the album is much JJR than that of any official NNP studio release since NNP , with a very JJ mix .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
management and financing law for budget entities VBZ that state entities prepare financial statements on the JJ basis of accounting .	10	11	VBP	prepare	prepares
i for one am part of the 16 percent and the bus is rough .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
i think the template is good idea but it is a bit confusing that the term essay on style links to a category that discusses guidelines .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some notable officers who were stationed at fort NNP include captain randolph b .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
march , april , may months are dry season and all these NNS are open for NNS and NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the section NNP looks quite good over there , and is actually quite short in spite of the fact that it contains all the useful information in the article .	1	3	VBZ	looks	look
fair use rationale in NNP ( 2005 ) though this image is most likely subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
however the JJ and late JJ NNP schools , including NNP and NNP NNP , are frequently associated , although their style and approach is often dramatically different from the JJ tradition .	21	24	VBZ	is	are
the number of humans who have had the pleasure of a nose hook is too small to VB NN inclusion here .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
this travel time to reach mackenzie king station is also 5 minutes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the VBN leaves are linear to JJ to JJ and up to 6 NNS long .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the seven british army infantry battalions of the scottish division , plus the scots guards and royal scots NNP guards regiments , use the NNP in a variety of forms .	5	22	VBP	use	uses
this file contains complete specification of a NN NN system including single line diagram for the NN and its NNS ( logical nodes ) .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
many of the well-known NNS are in the central group where NNS are less than 6 metres for an area of 300 metres by 200 metres .	11	12	VBP	are	is
keep clay animation is certainly a notable topic .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one of the classes , called wrestlers , has been operating since 1978 ; over 300 audio and video recordings of these classes are available .	19	23	VBP	are	is
NNP method , also known as the NNP method or the method of successive NN , is an JJ method used to solve a linear system of equations .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
though the city of cincinnati considers the popular NNP park to be in mount NNP , hyde park claims it as its own .	2	5	VBZ	considers	consider
NNP NN and NN NNS are clearly superior , anyway .	4	5	VBP	are	is
take a look at some of the policies regarding notability and decide for yourself whether the article meets our policies , and then base your argument on our policy .	16	17	VBZ	meets	meet
another incident happens when the fourth queen bee ( sister of the second ) NNS volunteers for an army based on the NNS known as the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	happens	happen
the NN 's JJ camera and NN are JJ to NNP , so that the user always knows when they are operating .	15	17	VBZ	knows	know
a scout is clean in thought , word and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its capital is NNP , with a population of CD , 300 people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
once the disease is correctly identified , the authorities attempt to VB the outbreak by declaring martial law , VBG NN and VBG the help of the world health organization .	8	9	VBP	attempt	attempts
a notable exception is the NNP motorway which is not VBN , however some sections of the NNP do not VB to motorway standards .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN of adult human genes is science fiction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the request is now about , not any of the accounts he listed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
more serious complications include skin burns ( 0 .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
RB the most important layer of the swiss plateau is the thick NN sequence that VBD at the border of the alps due to the rapid erosion of the RB JJ mountains .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the population centre includes the adjacent town of NNP to the northwest and a small portion of NNP county to the east in 2006 , medicine hat had a population of 56 , CD living in 24 , CD NNS , an 11 .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the nearest airport is NNP international airport ( 65 km ) and the nearest railway station is NNP railway station .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the hotel offers CD rooms spread over 21 floors .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the information on the roman empire seems out of place in this section .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem
NN questions the rate that they would grow as the biology is different than NNP ' armor .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
angola , the middle NN column width is almost identical in both ie and NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
pr releases and they are not advertising , they are simply NNS that the sources in question chose to run .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the school is well equipped with advanced modern audio NNS NNS like NNP NN system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a major festival in san NNP is the NNP del NNP ( which VBZ to the festival of the NNP NNP ) , held on the first sunday in october each year .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as i look through the debate your keep says that no one has shown how it fails to meet 3 or 8 , but the further NN points to where the burden of proof lies which you fail to address .	7	8	VBZ	says	say
another line of argument is the NN based on what NNS view as the JJ historical record of folk theories in general .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP city before the bomb , development and decision to drop the bomb , the lives of NNP citizens during world war ii and after the bombing , and ends with information about the nuclear age and efforts for international peace .	4	29	VBZ	ends	end
VBG that the list itself be notable is neither necessary nor even a JJ way of VBG it , when the article is not about a list , but the list format is simply being used to provide a JJ and JJ function .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
in keeping with my views expressed elsewhere , this template really needs to be in user space .	9	11	VBZ	needs	need
key learning areas include listening and speaking more as well as building a firm foundation in chinese character learning skills in lower primary before developing essay skills in upper primary .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
now part of the diocese of NNP , the school offers classes from level NNP through 8th grade and typically serves approximately CD students each year .	9	10	VBZ	offers	offer
the discussion ends in no consensus , at best .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
as a result of this , management believes that workers need to be closely supervised and comprehensive systems of controls developed .	9	10	VBP	need	needs
building features , however , lead to the conclusion that its striking JJ crossing tower has its NNS in the latter half of the 11th century .	1	5	VBP	lead	leads
the railway is a member of NNP great little railways .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the work also incorporates hebrew and JJ expressions that stern refers to as `` jewish english '' , such as NN for `` JJ bread '' and VB for `` ritual NN pool '' .	1	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
i know your policy is to do your own NN but technically its already done i just need a few NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the band continues to perform live in turkey and abroad .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
it appears this article needs a serious NN .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
as the NNS plan their defense of NNP , NNP requests a ship to travel to the machine city .	2	3	VBP	plan	plans
studies come out all the time .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
NNP rock , from which the park takes the name , is a NN on the north bank of the columbia river .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
the line in the charles NNP song , NNP 's mob , ann street , refers to the crowds drawn to see the NNS at this museum .	1	15	VBZ	refers	refer
this means that there is a NN between private benefit and public benefit when a merit good is consumed ( i .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
these guys say `` there is no universal interface between a NNP ( pc card or NNP ) slot and a NNP port NN , '' although i ca n't say how definitive that particular site is .	1	2	VBP	say	says
a popular choice for a prior distribution for the probability of an event is the beta distribution , because it is a NN prior for this problem - that is , once you collect data , the updated distribution is again beta .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
its cellular structure includes all the primary land uses of a neighborhood and has for that reason been called JJ .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the sports section includes live football matches and sports programmes .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
money plays a key role in the marriage market , not just for the young ladies who wish to secure a husband as rich as they can , but also for men who wish to marry a woman of means .	0	1	VBZ	plays	play
the finnish welfare system differs from those of other nordic countries mainly in that its benefits are lower in some categories , such as NN and unemployment payments ; otherwise , the finnish system fit into the nordic conception of social welfare .	33	34	VBZ	fit	fits
the sea current in the gulf flows NN .	1	6	VBZ	flows	flow
articles of manufacture may have parts , but any interaction among the parts is usually static .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the two state highways run RB northwest toward downtown NNP as main street .	3	4	VBP	run	runs
the JJ diameter distance is a distance measure used in astronomy .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
blp pages -- which is what the `` fan page '' was being used for especially those that are n't being followed closely is very problematic ) but , the user has time and again personally attacked people as opposed to acting civil .	30	31	VBZ	has	have
in the second season finale , cameron VBZ that exposure to NNS and their VBN nuclear power cells cause cancer in humans , as john believes that if his mother is sick it could be from living with her for so long .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
article informs users of NNS which the reader may use RB , therefore the source is RB useful .	0	1	VBZ	informs	inform
if the computer is connected directly to a mac computer , this site looks like it has the info you need .	12	13	VBZ	looks	look
the issue is even more heated when she receives a letter from her friend , NNP , which involved her getting beat up by her sheikh husband and getting kicked out , VBG NNP and NNP 's mother .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
having VBN their water NNS , the army moves away and comes upon a NNP NNP RB tribe .	7	8	VBZ	moves	move
the problem he encountered many times over in VBG a solution is that if you changed the protocol you created a proprietary solution that only worked if you controlled the entire service NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
august 2012 ( utc ) thanks NNP , my hope is n't to have editors `` banned '' from editing at all .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
each ward VBZ between one to three councillors by the first past the post system of election .	1	2	VBZ	elects	elect
most NNS in india are either NNS ( 4 .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the city is also an important center for NNP ( NNP ) NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this image is a NN of NNP NNP as lieutenant margaret `` NNP '' NNP in the television series NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this would mean that lots of people link there , but few actually go there .	4	7	VBP	link	links
JJ students take the exam at least once .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
as of 2011 , these numbers are obsolete and most likely inaccurate although no new statistics have been presented or published since 2000 .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in 1967 the council installed a structural steel framework that helps to support the mill 's ancient timber frame but means that the mill is static and can no longer turn to face the wind .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the school offers more than JJ clubs .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
this suggests that the NN atom is not part of the NN system of the molecule .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the east wall has a series of cast iron cooking ranges .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in an article in restoration magazine VBZ women in the plan of god he wrote `` the church and the world has yet to feel the impact of modern NNP and NNP , moving under the JJ NN and yet within the divine order .	17	21	VBZ	has	have
the third part of NNP NNP theory is punishment .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the statute of the autonomous province of NNP is the highest legal document pertaining to the fundamental principles of NNP , in accordance with the constitution of serbia .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
in total , the city 's hotels have almost 9 , 000 available bed spaces .	6	7	VBP	have	has
napoleon trail system is a beautiful natural area in NNP , alberta enjoyed by many .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN analysis can be used to distinguish internal from external sources if measurements are available at more than one height ( for example , ground NNS and satellites ) .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the song similarly refers to items such as NNP and NNP NNS .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
marvel but not sure what value this list brings .	7	8	VBZ	brings	bring
the church is currently in a JJ NN with previous minister NNP kevin NNP leaving at easter 2013 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in contrast with his NNS , his drawings are not NNS for future paintings but are autonomous works of art .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the work of jean henry in the management realm is also relevant to this field - her book includes a chapter by NNP NNP ( henry , 1991 ; 2001 ) .	17	18	VBZ	includes	include
today , the airport has a 3000 metres runway capable of handling boeing CD , a total of 11 million square metre area , a passenger terminal , a NN system and a water treatment and JJ power plant .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
joseph NNP NNP this article about a NNP of manitoba has substantial content but lacks references .	4	10	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNS de FW '' in french would literally translate to `` NNP time of the little girl '' .	1	2	VBP	de	des
but taxes kill jobs by VBG money out of the private sector .	1	2	VBP	kill	kills
if the VBN player is not executed , other players on their team have a set amount of time before the VBN player VBZ out and the opposing team scores a point ( as if the player had been executed ) .	28	29	VBZ	scores	score
NNP JJ traditions survived and important finds from this phase include a NN , a NN or NN , copper NN and a copper ring , which are known as copper NNP .	6	10	VBP	include	includes
the non standard size of the restriction NN determines the reading which therefore differs for each design .	3	8	VBZ	determines	determine
when this discussion began , his page did not do a great job of providing information on him , but now the page does a good job of explaining who he is and what is notable about him .	22	23	VBZ	does	do
some future content might be JJ , but the current content looks good and the article itself is a keep .	10	11	VBZ	looks	look
nearby recreation includes access to lakes , museums , professional sports , and extensive shopping in surrounding areas .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the solution is for people not to focus on editors but on content .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current focus is on english in the JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the original play , peter states that no one must ever touch him ( though he does not know why ) , and the stage instructions specify that no one does so throughout the play .	30	31	VBZ	does	do
the NN industry is also well represented by the designer as NNP ( NNP ) , manufacturers of components NNP ( heat NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the view is northeast on NNP NNP near NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on NNP , that article is about the country .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
however , large parts of europe now receive their oil from russia .	3	7	VBP	receive	receives
the broad side faces north ave and the building is VBN by brown hall and williams street .	2	3	VBZ	faces	face
version 8 allows for viewing and sharing timeline settings for video project , direct facebook NN , new special effects and a JJ NN .	0	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the reason that i believe for this article to be noteworthy is because i have witnessed myself the leadership ability of michael , by knowing him RB through school organizations .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP language is the set of all strings of balanced pairs of NNS , and thus finds common applications in defining binary trees and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
individual economic NNS and researchers develop their own NNS .	2	5	VBP	develop	develops
this obviously can be easily done by the right people , but i doubt that VBG history is the right way to make NNS .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
each player wears either light , medium or heavy armor .	1	2	VBZ	wears	wear
the costs of such an arrangement are generally higher than using a NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
i am not entirely convinced that every single article needs JJ revisions .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
pakistan 's cricket teams take part in domestic competitions such as the NNP NNP cup , the NNP patron 's trophy , NNP NNP cup , and the JJ champions trophy .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
the name of the peerage refers to halifax , west yorkshire .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer
the membership is not JJ including any of the nobel NNS listed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
park facilities include a convention center , JJ golf course , JJ lodge , JJ NN , 29 NNS , 10 NN NNS , marina , seven miles of hiking trails , and VBG areas .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the information is verifiable , but the character is not notable enough .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the second highest mountain is higher than any mountain or hill mentioned above , so the difference is lower .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the park is open weekends in the spring and fall , and daily from memorial day weekend through late august .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the suburb has a number of junior sporting clubs including the NNP hawks football club , NNP junior cricket club and serves as a district in the NNP NNP association .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the post of the principal of the adjacent government school is a principal ii ( an NNP ) as it 's a band two school .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
episode 9 ( growing ) rogers gets a NN so he can prove to viewers there is nothing that VBZ anybody during a NN .	0	6	VBZ	gets	get
the album is a 2 disc collection of both single and album tracks taken from the first 8 of the bands back catalogue .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN suggests this information is acceptable , subject to editorial NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
comment both lists are significantly inaccurate .	2	3	VBP	are	is
gng , the article has no place on wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
while the tourist and art market is the main destination of modern NNP NNS , most artistic traditions had been part of sacred NNS , created as a display of religious beliefs and used in ritual .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this VBZ risk , so if one company fails , it will be only a small part of the whole fund 's investment .	7	8	VBZ	fails	fail
this template is the project banner for wikiproject nigeria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was built in 1870 and its patron is NNP khan , the ruler of the temporary NNP NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
most of the available creatures are animals , although NNS , magical NNS and NN are also available .	12	15	VBP	are	is
the NNP 's reasons for nominating NNP to the NNS are unclear but most likely had to do with the fact that NNP , cia and NNP were after him .	3	10	VBP	are	is
their NN group consists only of the identity mapping .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP 's coordinates are ( 40 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the procedure also goes by the name NNP method , referring to two NNS during the CD .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go
the park has two ranges ; the NNP range accessible from the NNP village and the NNP range accessible from the NNP village .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
many citizens of nottingham feel that robin hood should be the icon of their city alone ( despite the fact that it was the sheriff that came from nottingham ) .	1	4	VBP	feel	feels
the character also appears in the JJ NN , `` NNP , '' graphic novel .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
everyone does VB thing , and if a user does only one thing well , they should be allowed to function fully instead of waiting for an admin to do it .	8	9	VBZ	does	do
figure represents total area rather than land area .	0	1	VBZ	represents	represent
the most recent version of NNP is version 2 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP catalog number of this NN is u 11 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP and NNP NNP and his uncle is the JJ pianist NNP NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the image shows a basic example of what a steady state system looks like .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
java offers the possibility of creating java NNPS , most NNS support java NNPS .	10	11	VBP	support	supports
comment - is anyone else using up to 2 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
at the moment such NNS ( NNS ) are not available , mainly because of the NN of JJ templates .	4	8	VBP	are	is
there are many NNS attributed to jesus that people believe or believed to be authentic NNS of the gospel accounts .	8	9	VBP	believe	believes
these sources are not about his NN that was discovered after his death .	1	2	VBP	are	is
one modern commentator describes JJR view ' as `` NNP NN for pain , NN and division '' .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
in particular , a surface with empty boundary is a surface in the usual sense .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
its main lake is NNP real lake .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an NN was once told by de la NNP , `` our purpose in VBG with the NNP is to help VB [ real ] dialogue .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
in organic NN , people are much more integrated and JJ and NN and cooperation is extensive .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the rest of this personal life section has a JJ NN to it .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
i read in how the mind works by steven NNP that although people often claim we think in words , this is JJ .	12	14	VBP	claim	claims
the sources are in the main part of the article .	1	2	VBP	are	is
VBN during the 1960s , the loop is essentially the reverse of the speed drive .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ , JJ and JJ NNS particularly have a high profile in this section of newark .	5	7	VBP	have	has
this release includes new special features and artwork .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
i 'm saying that on the section on NN origins CD of its NN CD words are on the connection between NNP and NN peoples but on the NN page there is CD words on the connection between NNP and NN peoples .	15	16	VBP	are	is
thing is , NNP and i and NNP and i , and NNS and i , understand where each other is coming from .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the winning song is la JJ NN sung by NNS !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's definition contains the terms `` social NN and personal relationships '' ( NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the sum of the NNP and its NN appears in the above NN because it is the theory whose low energy effective action is expected to be described by NNP 's NN .	1	8	VBZ	appears	appear
dry bread is far better than it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village is on the north bank of the river thames about northwest of reading .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP company contains signals , NN , NN , intelligence , administration , pay , training , operations and medical elements .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
JJ NNP shore of the NNP sea is the lowest point in europe .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the video for the song features the performance of `` NNP sisters '' in the movie and clips from the movie are VBN throughout the video .	1	5	VBZ	features	feature
i believe the usual practice is to keep NNP content .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
local activities include VBG , mountain bike riding , bush walking , NN , camping , swimming , rock NN in streams and NNS and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this window is different from the two NNS to either side of the outer arch .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains people who have coached the winnipeg blue bombers .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
various other JJ stub cats exist , such as and .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
the concerns are often specific to the particular area , but can include all the problems that regular logging create .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a review of the subject 's NN at imdb demonstrates that the subject does not meet the third criterion ( being part of a group nomination for a non-notable award with twelve other NNS does not VB notability ) .	1	9	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
a JJ free image for this musician is impossible as he died over 20 years ago .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
regardless of whether a large JJ network is biological or artificial , it remains largely JJ to interference at and failure in any one of its nodes .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the parents may return home , but the kids stay where they grew up .	8	9	VBP	stay	stays
this article is about the mayor of adelaide , australia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to an interview on his greatest hits dvd , the girl in the uk video is a south african woman who 's identity has never been known .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
the NNP caves in NNP contain JJ NNS and split human and animal bones that have been interpreted as NNS .	2	5	VBP	contain	contains
at the bottom of the JJ shaft the crown wheel , which has 35 NNS , drives a NN with 43 NNS on the NN of the NNP NN .	9	16	VBZ	drives	drive
the league VBZ a cut system at the end of each year , a free agent auction and a rookie draft each year .	1	2	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
almost every NNP game in the us receives similar coverage .	3	7	VBZ	receives	receive
recent NN sequence reaches up to 2000 m in NN in the southern part of the NN and is formed of JJ NNS , NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	reaches	reach
the wide speed is fast frequently , the sound is nice .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
if the selection method is biased , so that certain aspects are VBN or VBN , then the sample is , RB , JJ .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
porter threatened to remove the historic NNS to VB the span , stating , `` those columns are NNS and should be torn down and forgotten .	16	17	VBP	are	is
to properly research is more like half an hour or more .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
note that the list is partial and incomplete .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the longest trail is the NNP head walk along NNS peninsula finishing at NNP head at the eastern edge of the park .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if an observer measures a patch of space to be flat , then the strong NN principle suggests that it is absolutely equivalent to any other patch of flat space elsewhere in the universe .	2	3	VBZ	measures	measure
the station 's format is regional mexican .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the third section of the book , entitled `` after thirty years of class war '' , comprises the text of an interview with NNP conducted at mit on january 6 , 2012 by a new york university student , edward NNP .	2	17	VBZ	comprises	comprise
in the discussion linked to above the creator also admits sources are very unlikely to exist and states that he wrote the article in an attempt to get it noticed by someone .	10	11	VBP	are	is
weak oppose very defining , but the image is too small .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the problem with the latter , of course , is that it 's not automatically VBN ; if a new NN is introduced in the middle , all the subsequent NNS have to be JJ , which costs time and opens the door to VB human errors .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the official language of colombia is spanish , of which colombian spanish is the local variety .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the bridge is above the normal water level , to allow NN for NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the canton comprises just three NNS and a total of 24 , CD inhabitants ( census of 1999 , without double counting ) .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
students completing high school requirements of the college tech NNP program and meeting the scholarship qualifications are eligible to receive a JJ scholarship to sinclair community college .	15	16	VBP	are	is
all contributors retain full rights to their material and receive costs for recording as well as free copies of the finished cd 's .	1	2	VBP	retain	retains
the main wikimedia contact is .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this theory claims most elements exhibit both primary and secondary NN and that the secondary NN is directed towards fixed directions in space .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
i do n't know where the op VBZ to , though , so i do n't know if this interpretation is the right one .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
another very important part of the sensor array is the tower on which it VBZ .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the page in question is the back story of the characters created by the three .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the clubs argue that the provinces are making millions of dollars on events for which they assume all responsibility , expense and risk , and that those NNS would VB if the clubs were to VB or move .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
ward 's paintings VBP the opposed figures as if VBG one another across the corridor .	2	3	VBP	depict	depicts
later that day in health class , the teacher asks the students to list consequences of sex , and NNP and NNP list each other 's NNS as consequences .	8	9	VBZ	asks	ask
newman was raised an anglican and is `` not a regular NN '' , but the family says grace over NNS every night .	16	17	VBZ	says	say
first impression is that it could be a NN for those who speak multiple language to more quickly find matches across all NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
h , says that abuse and harassment of NNS is very common .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
as with the previous NNP NNP game , the player controls NNP NNP through a series of VBG levels called `` acts '' .	9	10	VBZ	controls	control
on the other hand it criticised that the engine was n't used fully , bugs and that the game is sometimes JJ .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
he VBD that the investigation team is taking the necessary steps into finding what caused the accident and declared that part of the road had already been repaired , though the bodies of the 11 victims are still there .	31	36	VBP	are	is
call of the wild is a 2006 american NN film directed by NNP NNP , created by NNP animation and distributed by sony pictures entertainment .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
many mainstream journalists use it to check on the trial , '' and noted that `` for blogs , the NNP trial marks a courthouse coming of age .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
this list of sri NNP NNS includes notable NNS from the country of sri lanka .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include
the boundary line between NNP and NNP counties is nearby .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
from outer space , JJ cosmic rays reach earth .	6	7	VBP	reach	reaches
if the idea is to link to a portal , should be used instead .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i believe that this principle is JJ to this particular case .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
that is where the NN part comes from .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
your comments usually follow NNP 's ones .	1	3	VBP	follow	follows
the `` poland peace sky program '' includes 36 NN and 12 NNP .	5	7	VBZ	includes	include
these VBP young men wish to start their careers in the pakistan army .	3	4	VBP	wish	wishes
treatment 5 is the first full-length album by los angeles punk rock band NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
hearing of the railroad plans to extend through indian territory and knowing that rich deposits of coal were in an area north of the town of NNP , NNP convinced reynolds and NNP that NNP would be a more suitable and JJ location for the trading post .	0	4	VBZ	plans	plan
the articles do not discuss the photos , so that part is just a lie .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the friday night edition of NNP features special emphasis on true crime stories programming , which includes the `` to catch a NNP '' series .	3	6	VBZ	features	feature
several landmarks have particular connections to the crown .	1	2	VBP	have	has
water oak serves the same ecological role as NNP NNP and other NN trees .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
because there are more characters in the armenian alphabet ( 39 ) than in latin ( 26 ) , some armenian characters appear on JJ keys on a conventional [ [ NNP ] ] keyboard ( for example , '' maps to '' , '' ) .	21	22	VBP	appear	appears
in one comic strip the reader learns that he has failed the class six times and the governing body of the school wants to get rid of him .	18	22	VBZ	wants	want
cultivation of flowers such as NNP , rose , lotus , NNP , NNP body building , NNP of NNS , tubes VBG are the major works taken up in this town .	21	23	VBP	are	is
the fully automatic versions are JJ 1986 machine guns , and may only be transferred to available to persons and agencies permitted to have JJ 1986 machine guns under the national firearms act .	3	4	VBP	are	is
so each point on that VBD grey line exists at a different time for the station observer , and at the same time for the observer on the train .	2	8	VBZ	exists	exist
as the following reference shows , the above list represents only a fraction of the NNS and NNS of the names for NNP which were known in 1903 ( pdf page CD ) .	8	9	VBZ	represents	represent
a similar , but more complex formula can be used where the trunk is significantly more JJ in shape where the lengths of the major and minor axis of the NN are measured at the top and bottom of each segment .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
his main breaking ball is a hard NN in the upper CD , occasionally even VBG 90 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ boats include NNS , NNS , NNS and boats VBN by poles like a NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
if the contestant is able to identify all of them , he will be declared the winner and win one thousand dollars .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this parameter is important in the quantum hall effect and the JJ quantum hall effect .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site has a small cafe in the remaining building and is a large park .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
generally the only way you can permanently VB an enzyme is by RB binding or otherwise destroying the enzyme .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , in a group that has become VBN to VBG where the rate of NN is high many RB VBP questions may be quickly rejected as NNS .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
his invasion is successful , and in the NN of realizing their danger , the chinese government VBZ NNP , providing evidence that he VBD the missile CC that destroyed the NN space shuttle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this participation , the idea goes , VBZ new currency to the notion that these technologies can be employed to allow citizens to `` VB '' politics .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
while statutory rape is illegal , enforcement is complicated by the fact that NN law regards VBG girls as adults .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
material costs tend to increase when special properties are necessary , and energy costs normally do not amount to more than several percent of the total NN cost .	7	8	VBP	are	is
her mother is a figure skating coach and NN and her father and brother are hockey players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the leaves of the NN tree are large , NN , JJ green and JJ in shape .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the movie is a sequel to four daughters ( 1938 ) , and was followed by four mothers ( 1941 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most models have basic layer 2 functions and are capable of switching NNP frames between ports .	1	2	VBP	have	has
support this user knows what can be done , needs to be done and i see no reason that he should not be granted with adminship .	2	3	VBZ	knows	know
this time she has placed some references , but the editor clearly is a NN to wikipedia .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
the engine is only currently used in the NNS , NNP , lincoln NNP and a CD hp version in the NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the paintings of jenny NNP include family and NNS among other NNS ; often done in extreme NNS , attempting to balance NN with NN ; all while expressing how a woman feels about the female NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the type locality given is `` NNP san NNP ( elevation 10 , 000 ft .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , opinions are virtually split RB between both positions , VBG the division that this discussion creates in the opinions of editors .	16	17	VBZ	creates	create
the new campus is part of an effort by the charleston county school district to upgrade its facilities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bird articles always mention JJ NNS .	1	3	VBP	mention	mentions
in a reply to NNP 's paper , davis stated that his ideas seek to explain NN , rather than justify it .	12	13	VBP	seek	seeks
the period of time between two lunar NNS is the JJ month , which is a basic unit in most lunar ( such as the islamic ) and JJ ( such as the hebrew ) VBZ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the portrait is public domain , the photograph has a free license .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the history of the town dates back to the 11th century when it was just a small village .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
sam , i think your plan is by far the JJ option made available to the community , but i just do n't trust that beta wo n't find a NN somehow .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
other towns in the province are san NNP , NNP and santa rosa .	1	5	VBP	are	is
his works are different from the works of other artists of his age .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the dry forests have almost entirely been destroyed by VBG and NN and there has been JJ NN farming in much of the area , reducing forest habitat and applying pressure to some endangered species .	2	3	VBP	have	has
this city is also the home of NNP university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the articles each need to be tagged for lack of sources but i believe now that the topics are notable enough .	17	18	VBP	are	is
visitor attractions include NNP abbey , NNP glen gardens , and mount NNP golf course .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
glass and JJ NNS are extremely reliable , stable and JJ to high temperatures and NNS , but are too expensive for most mainstream applications .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the best time '' ( 18 november 1989 ) old NNP clarke has no time for her NN , franco NNP .	2	12	VBZ	has	have
the JJ real JJ space is the NN of the JJ by the NN map .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP NNP `` NNP '' - this guitar contains 2 spelling errors .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
team sports rely on all of the players working together equally in order to succeed at the task at hand .	1	2	VBP	rely	relies
the patient performs multiple trials per test ; a description of these tests can be found in the table below .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform
likely , a bunch of good JJ guns were certainly a better killing device than NN gas ; however the point of war is merely to stop the enemy from trying to kill you .	20	23	VBZ	is	are
JJ contributions to hollywood by NNP include NNP alumni eugene NNP , martin short , and dave thomas .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
VBG 's head is not JJ , care should be taken in nominating these models .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many office buildings also have kitchen facilities and a staff room , where workers can have lunch or take a short break .	2	4	VBP	have	has
the rise of industrial music , somewhat a fusion of NN and heavy metal , rises to worldwide popularity with bands like NNP , nine inch NNP , NNP , ministry and NNP NNP .	1	15	VBZ	rises	rise
the last example of NN sensitive to minimal distance between spots is [ [ NNP distance ] ] ( NNP et al .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the system has a JJ format with promotion and relegation between leagues at different levels , allowing even the smallest club the theoretical possibility of ultimately rising to the very top of the system .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
airborne distribution also looks unlikely to work .	1	3	VBZ	looks	look
in another study , NNP brain NNS were taken of NNP and another NN expert to identify the parts of the brain involved in NN , with NNS suggesting `` that brain structures that process visual information in JJ people process echo information in blind NN experts .	32	40	VBP	process	processes
some organizations , such as european case clearing house and NNP , run competitions to identify the best new teaching cases .	1	12	VBP	run	runs
the song , says carey , is from the perspective of her tennessee character NNP , an VBG singer .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
all NNP police officers are also deputy NNS , in order to perform those duties florida solely permits `` NNS and their deputies '' to perform , such as serving NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
she heavily criticized the story 's NN , noting that the episode `` is all plot , plot , plot .	11	13	VBZ	is	are
the era of garage biology is upon us .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a silent piano is an acoustic piano having an option to silence the strings by means of an VBG hammer bar .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
aids article explains , hiv originated in NNS , and similar diseases have been found in other NNS .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
for a start , the name of the aircraft is NNP , not NNP , so that is what should be stated in the NN , and that should be the title .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the language constantine uses is rather JJ high medieval greek , somewhat more elaborate than that of the NNP NNP , and easily JJ to an educated modern greek .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ hierarchy or inclusion hierarchy is a JJ ordering of JJ sets .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the story follows the NNS of NNP `` NNP '' NNP , a NN , popular JJ NN who often gets in trouble with both NNS and teachers ; and douglas NNP , the tall , pale son of a u .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
he tells him of the JJ invasion of england and that the NN will be the centre of operations , so the area around it is very important .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
the NN plants around its NNS are NNP NN ( common NN ) , and the JJ species , NNP ( common reed ) and NNP NNS ( purple NN ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is
a second protest in london sees thousands of students demonstrate .	2	5	VBZ	sees	see
requests for NNP investigations come through regular military police organizations , but cf members and NNP employees can lay complaints , or communicate directly with regional offices or individual NNP members .	0	4	VBP	come	comes
NNP elementary schools within the city limits are NNP and west wing .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the NN template is a courtesy to readers .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the links provided above are enough to establish that cohen is a nascar owner , but not enough to notability as a nascar owner .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the israel national JJ basketball team represents the country in various NNP youth tournaments .	5	6	VBZ	represents	represent
images are not points of view , and attempting to apply npov to sorts of NNS may RB import JJ bias from other venues to wikipedia .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP 's talk page , if read in its entirety , is a NN in NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
well one thing you can do is check to see if the size of the page has changed by more than a few characters .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
when NNP VBD , her grandfather forced NNP to become NNP , and made the village people think that it was NNP that VBD .	16	17	VBP	think	thinks
the school district is JJ north local school district , NNP north received an excellent rating for the JJ school year .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if VBN and international characters fail to show properly , use a terminal program that has support for NNP ( such as JJ ) and set the assumed and display character sets to NNP or greater in NNP options .	4	5	VBP	fail	fails
like the element mercury , another heavy metal , lead is a NN that VBZ both in soft NNS and the bones .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
eventually , at a great enough distance , a NN point is reached at which the rate of decrease in light intensity is insufficient to increase the NN .	16	22	VBZ	is	are
now it can , if only the sick one so NNS , since the danger is whether the sick one is to be allowed to VB himself from the eternal , to VB away in NN , to VB in NN , to be VBN in NN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the second part consists of the complete canon tables and the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
walking in the cave is rather easy and the temperature is consistent .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a good reference to the correct usage and NN is [ 1 ] .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
thus any changes publishers make to VB to the state would likely be seen elsewhere .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
for example , the first letter of the whole number plate for NNP vehicles is `` b '' .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
following on from where NNP NNP NNP and NNP NNP started , the choir is proud of its place in the new wave of welsh NNS .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
aboriginal painting and the crest shows the JJ eagle on top of a NN , an aboriginal ritual stone .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
his office is very JJ , and looks very much like a study or a library .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
just then , the JJ appears , NN with guilt , and the pirates also hide , while general stanley VBZ to the VBG NN of the NN ( `` VBG RB to the river '' ) .	13	15	VBP	hide	hides
keep new sources show that it is not just of local interest NN appears to meet our requirements for shooting related articles .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
its probably past time to close this thread before someone makes things worse .	3	10	VBZ	makes	make
a redirect to the unit page , without merging any of the content into it is a good alternative to outright deletion , although i can VB arguments for outright deletion .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
the length of runway at NNP airport has an option to be upgraded to reach to meet new demands .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
it was JJ and this nomination appears to be too similar to the last one .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
sample dishes include NN NNS , NN NN , NNP chicken NN , NNS , NNP VBD fish and NN NN NNS for NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the rate is certainly far higher during major wars .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his film debut is `` thank you , sir !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the changes that occurred within basically 50 years are dramatic .	1	8	VBP	are	is
this information is better placed on NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some major programs like social security , NNP , federal NNS and veteran 's benefits are JJ .	2	15	VBP	are	is
by this measure , one could argue that today 's reader approaches NNP 's JJ text with a standard body of knowledge somewhat greater than the body of knowledge available in 1962 ( the year of publication ) .	10	11	VBZ	approaches	approach
n , because , as written it is difficult to see if this person has or has not met the wikipedia definition of notability .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
i say with NN , but this guy is one the NNP NNPS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this result is in accordance with the dimension formula above , and amounts to the NN of a JJ representation of NNP ( 3 ) , the relevant NN group .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each organization works out its own style , which lies somewhere between total NN ( where all is defined by numbers ) and total NN ( where there are no numbers at all ) .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
until CD the church seems to have forbidden singing , but half a century later a retired dover NN , peter NNP , who lived near the meeting house apparently objected to hearing the congregation 's `` NN singing '' .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
their JJ NNS made the men look back , and they were VBN off the horse .	5	6	VBP	look	looks
its known distribution extends from northeastern honduras , on the caribbean NN , through eastern NNP , costa rica , and panama , into coastal western colombia and northwestern and JJ ecuador .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
i think this article deserves a b now .	3	4	VBZ	deserves	deserve
indeed , NNP VBZ , the book contains a great deal of accurate and valuable information ; for example , NNP 's discovery of the NN deposits on NNP island , which laid the foundations of a NN industry .	6	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNS of the lesser buildings are more modest .	1	6	VBP	are	is
after a few hours he complained that `` people on twitter want me to get in trouble for a NN '' , but he VBD the next day .	8	11	VBP	want	wants
the next day when she visits the land , instead of NNP it is NNP who receives her and tells her that NNP no longer guards that post .	2	5	VBZ	visits	visit
however , and in contrast with a NN , when an NN ban is in place workers may still perform duties not required of them , providing they do not go outside their contracted hours .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the nearest railway station is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the film bears similarities to one of the earliest italian versions of the NN , known as `` la NNP NNP '' ( the false grandmother ) .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
the route runs north to meet the southern terminus of highway CD in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
as per consensus previously established , articles relating to uk general election results in individual counties are not noteworthy in the scheme of uk politics .	6	16	VBP	are	is
the reader should know what city this freeway is in .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i hope to publish it to your NNP county , wisconsin page as it contains histories of many NNS from that area .	11	14	VBZ	contains	contain
ten years after the end of world war i , austrian soldier franz leaves russia and returns to his village , where he is reunited with NNP , a woman who believes he is her JJ son .	11	13	VBZ	leaves	leave
nevertheless , the complications are JJ , thus allowing an acceptable quality of life .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this page is a compiled list of suggestions for improvement for the city of phoenix , arizona , which is within the scope of the wikiproject cities featured article drive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the cap surface is dry , JJ , JJ , usually becoming somewhat VBN with age , pale JJ JJ to VB overall , with a NN NN , sometimes with JJ olive , JJ NN , or VB brown areas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the museum 's extensive outreach program offers performances , workshops , after school programs , artist days and festival programs for schools and groups throughout the year .	5	6	VBZ	offers	offer
the NNS ' job is to form NNS ; however , they should also be prepared to VB them repeatedly in light of new information instead of searching for evidence VBG one favored theory .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP missions are usually higher in difficulty and less JJ RB .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP video game for the playstation 2 , when NNP makes contact with his NNP , the flames rise RB and form a giant NN or wall of flames , sending the opponent RB while severely burning him at the same time .	18	19	VBP	rise	rises
these facts go to show that north NNP was RB the capital and that NNP NNP or NNP , subsequently called NNP , ceased to be the capital long before .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
major architectural elements include an JJ NN with heavy NN and its NNP roof that is VBN by many NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
library of NNP or public library of NNP district municipality ( ) is a public library in the town of NNP , lithuania .	0	12	VBZ	is	are
his publications include NNP 's NNP NNP NNP ( 1905 ) and spanish prose composition ( 1908 ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i suspect you are out of luck unless the stamp is more than 50 years old .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
story environments are a key part of the mix in driving the inhabitants of the NNP ' across devices or around the narrative fragments ( whether NN , entertainment or dramatic ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
on the august 24 edition of the 700 club , robertson asserted that he had n't actually called for NNP 's assassination , but that there were other ways of `` taking him out '' , such as having special forces carry out a NN .	40	41	VBP	carry	carries
there is also a strong public interest in ensuring that due process rights guaranteed by the fifth amendment are protected by ensuring that ordinary citizens are able to understand the scope of conduct that could subject them to indefinite military detention .	24	25	VBP	are	is
international cultural studies , VBG on diverse geographical areas and selected cultural problems of international significance , are also of high importance .	2	17	VBP	are	is
initial copies include a dvd disc with additional content .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this notion of continuity is equivalent to the JJ continuity induced by the scott NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
while in general NNS are `` fast , '' their circuits are not immune to the classic NN NN .	10	11	VBP	are	is
first witness of the prosecution is senior police officer 4 charlie NNP of the philippine national police .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the unit employs 30 JJ aircraft that perform JJ missions worldwide .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
mr NNP no doubt is an expert , however , in this case i think mr NNP is failing to look beyond edinburgh for his inspiration .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
article is one of a series created today by the an editor promoting books and NNS written by said editor .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this is particularly JJ in JJ NN applications where NNS are subject to VB , because JJ NN systems will take longer to reach a given NN stress than in a JJ system .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the tree is native in the mediterranean region , iran and parts of central asia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the link between NN and static compilation is or .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in mexico after finishing the NN the physician VBZ the degree of `` specialist '' and it leads to NN for certification ( depending the field ) and NN for fellowship .	7	8	VBZ	obtains	obtain
in the united states , especially in the midwest , where other NN types are not as well known as the NNP NN , it may be called simply a `` NNP .	13	14	VBP	are	is
this means about 5 million homes have a wood VBN NN or NN .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the `` young princes murdered in the tower , '' his first important work on a historical subject , dates from CD , and it was followed by the `` burial of the princes in the tower '' .	13	19	VBZ	dates	date
NNS , JJ NNP , whose name comes from the time NNP used to wait outside a subway station , began playing at an early age , in NNP and morgan 's homes ( who are brothers - regardless of their different NNS ) in NNP garden city .	6	7	VBZ	comes	come
this gathering is open to the entire wells community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the form `` cathedral '' , as it is commonly known , is the largest church in the caribbean , measuring by and was elevated to the status of a minor basilica on 11 may 1999 as part of the JJ celebrations .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
in an episode of america 's NNP home videos a clip shows a man pushing a NNP NNP NN doll in a baby swing .	10	11	VBZ	shows	show
some NNS that have been linked to the development of JJ NNS include NN , NNS , NN , and NN .	1	12	VBP	include	includes
NNS are often RB JJ to form crystal twins .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP meter that VBZ whenever the JJ fields in a room change ( one of many supposed signs that JJ activity is present ) .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the first one takes place in washington ( state ) and is followed by a trial in india .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the lake is also home to NNP lake sailing club and the NNP lake steam railway .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the remaining links are CD errors .	2	3	VBP	are	is
opinions certainly have their place in an afd discussion .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the soil is JJ limestone on a base of rock and NN , with NNS lying around above sea level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the player defeats NNP a second time , you will earn the crown and end the game .	2	3	VBZ	defeats	defeat
the base NN of NNP is the JJ pepper `` NN de FW '' ( NNP NNP NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
copyright violation is a clear policy violation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their team for 2009 includes former national rugby league player sean NNP and former international player NNP NNP .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
the leaders usually organize and maintain the social integrity of the village .	1	3	VBP	organize	organizes
the NN VBZ a source .	1	2	VBZ	converts	convert
people come to the mathematics pages looking for answers and they come away confused with even more questions .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
the capital of NNP is NNP , which has about 16 , 000 inhabitants ; the whole island has about 40 , 000 inhabitants .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
JJ evidence supports the hypothesis that NN holes are feeding traces of NN , however , the occurrence of NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
the subject itself lacks significant media coverage and is not notable .	1	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
this model indicates that it can arise from a strictly JJ system .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
graves from this period indicate that the settlement had been continued .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
not only that , but they backed up all of the console technical specifications released by CD , and said that the console is indeed more powerful than the xbox 360 and playstation 3 .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the figures in the NNS appear to be families , but in every case they are families that are divided .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
the only NN of physical development that can be applied from birth through mature NN is bone age .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
we do n't know what your assignment is , or what your essay focuses on with NNP hughes ( NN , JJ , et NN ) , and we do n't want to know .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
back with david , on his last day in juvenile NN , a man comes to speak to him .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
a right NNP m or mr is defined similarly , only the ring acts on the right , i .	12	13	VBZ	acts	act
this area supports the largest urban pressure NNP township which adds to its proximity to the cities of NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
NNP 's quote is JJ JJ , might be VBN as JJ JJ , and probably amounts to `` VBG for .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a major problem is the sexual exploitation of children , many of whom work as NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the drink , like other products , supports the use of NNP as a parody of other NNS or musicians who become NN NNS .	1	7	VBZ	supports	support
the NNS are olive green , the NNS are grey becoming NN on the lower RB , and the throat is NN , VBD with black .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
this type of activity is harmful to society in many ways .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
google pages on person seem to also be created by him .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
these early variants are JJ from the later ones by having a curved NN NN , while the later ones ( NNP onwards ) featured a flat NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the 30 NN units are part of NNP 's NNP family of trains , which also includes classes CD and CD .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the most fundamental and critical stability issue for magnetic fusion is simply that NNP NNS often limit performance at high beta .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the current NN for the NN of the united states national master title is a NNP rating of CD .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
and more than anyone else , a woman in the role of his wife , who knows the man from the inside , has the upper hand to witness him at his most vulnerable and then use the knowledge to her advantage .	7	23	VBZ	has	have
the original section is a parallel route to the NN union NNP , which was a JJ street .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for english NNS , the service not only provides clear and simple news and information , it also helps them improve their use of american english .	5	8	VBZ	provides	provide
the locality nearest to the glacier is puerto NNP NNP , which is located on the western shore of general NNP lake .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
take the citations used ( plus more that are independent of the subject ) and write a piece about the NNS and why the media ( JJS ) has said the NNS are noteworthy .	31	32	VBP	are	is
the NN is of various colours , mainly purple but ranging from white , through pink , to deep purple .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS range from the assertion that all NNS are VBN to the JJ belief that the claims are happening RB and separately from the consciousness of the NNS .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
the tower is in three stages divided by string courses , with JJ stepped NNS in the lowest stage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all the content , from all the faith traditions , in the spirit of NN , is deeply JJ .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
however , it is important to keep this in perspective ; not every update is notable .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
every night is the 8th studio album by a japanese singer-songwriter NNP NNP , released in december 1980 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most known place for catherine wheels is NNP , where they fill a whole road with them , from small wheels to large , complex gear work .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this rather JJ death is in fact a ritual sacrifice , and NNP uses parts of NNP 's body to build herself a new house .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think that half hour is way over .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the next morning the family decides to leave for NNP corners .	4	5	VBZ	decides	decide
however , in many gardens , the damage caused by NNS to NNS is mostly visual , and it is also possible to simply remove the earth of the NNS as they appear , leaving their permanent galleries for the NNS to continue their existence underground .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( fortress ) ( or NNP NNP NNP in korean ) is a pov fork of NNP mountain city ( or NNP san NNP NNP in korean ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP put it much more RB than i ever could , but the fact of the matter is that i would only have a conflict of interest if i put promoting the NNP above contributing towards wikipedia .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the area surrounding the monument tower makes up the main central business district of the NNP district of NNP city and is the most prominent NNP in the NN of china .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make
the perception of NN and NN is already prevalent and increasing in the user community .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the student body population is CD students .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these forests have some JJ tree species such as golden NN tree , flame of the forest and VBG NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the winning party from the lower court , however , is now the NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
this image is from the cover of the story collection the NNP league by NNP anderson , published by NNP books in june 1981 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a chain is a larger unit of length measuring 66 feet ( 20 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
railways station code of NNP is NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the pass first appears in history as the route taken by the celtic tribes of the NNP and NNP in the invasion of italy of CD bc .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the mission of NNP is to promote research and education in the biology of marine organisms ; to foster understanding and preservation of the environment ; and to advance human health .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
most governments consider that those of any age lower than the chosen threshold lack the necessary capacity to independently decide how to cast a vote .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
if a player moves his king , then he may move any enemy piece except the enemy king .	2	3	VBZ	moves	move
ships follow the london convention principles , as opposed to NNP regulations , as the ash is intentionally taken on board for discharge at sea , as opposed to ash generated on passage from the ship 's NNS .	0	1	VBP	follow	follows
JJ theory is a way to VB NNP post 's ( 1963 ) claim that NN should be deemed JJ `` right from the start .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
students participating in the french NN program attend NNP secondary school , windsor secondary school , NNP park elementary school , or dorothy NNP elementary school .	0	7	VBP	attend	attends
these publications have more critical weight than NNP .	1	2	VBP	have	has
this question is a study in JJ properties of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the stakes get high as they battle to save one of their own .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
instead , the information belongs in the body of the article , or in the articles about the book , or in a separate article about names , or all three places .	3	4	VBZ	belongs	belong
one example of an island formed by a salt dome is NNP island in louisiana .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
NNS progress to more advanced knowledge , and more advanced NNS , as they go along .	0	1	VBP	progress	progresses
the school has a fight song set to the tune of the washington and lee swing .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as can be seen now , the typical NNP diagram in figure 1 uses a JJ representing a partially VBN feed .	9	13	VBZ	uses	use
nearby NNS include NNP , NNP and NN to the north , NNP to the northeast , NNP NN to the northwest .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the car is currently on display in the NNP museum in stuttgart .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a banking NN becomes a turn because of the natural NN stability of the wing .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the first album 's notes reveal the NN with which the group assessed its own role in taiwan 's musical development .	4	5	VBP	reveal	reveals
the wyoming state legislature comprises a house of representatives with 60 members and a senate with 30 members .	3	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
an understanding of the term JJ ratio is vital to understand the mechanics of any NN system regardless of the exact type used .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
its long summit ridge has three NNS , the summit being the south-western one .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NNP musician NNP NNP VBD that `` although NNP invented JJ music while ill in bed - NN ' is actually an extreme NN NN that demands that the NN produces a doctor 's note before being allowed to purchase .	29	30	VBZ	produces	produce
please let us know , NNP , if your NN receives a response .	9	10	VBZ	receives	receive
this compilation album is part of `` the number one project '' , a music based charity event in liverpool , to mark its status as european capital of culture for 2008 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in addition , some classes also require the use of a special item .	4	6	VBP	require	requires
his image is on spain 's 1974 1000 NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
flowers emerge between them , each roughly one NN wide , the rounded NN NN to deep or bright purple with a white margin .	0	1	VBP	emerge	emerges
the band consists of NN jeremy barnes , who was previously the drummer for neutral milk hotel and NNP , and VBP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
JJ NNS are fine NNS that are suitable for capturing birds in NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i do n't see what `` theft '' has to do with it .	6	8	VBZ	has	have
rides are also a main attraction of the carnival .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this link suggests 7 NNS a day in germany , hope that VBZ things a little .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
native telugu people call him brown NNP ( ) , which means lord brown in english .	2	3	VBP	call	calls
instead , the railway receives other benefits in the form of free equivalent VBG days from the NNS of the locomotives .	3	4	VBZ	receives	receive
besides , the plot is full of NNS , including the reason for the island setting and the crime itself .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP , in law , is any domestic animal found VBG at large or lost , particularly if the owner is unknown .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the books also VBP NNP NN to life as a NN on NNP , and RB watching over luke .	1	3	VBP	portray	portrays
hearing loss with JJ NNS is a common occurrence .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN ; NNP asks for improvements to wikipedia , which in the end is only judged by consensus ( of course whether the consensus system is the best solution is a very different question ) .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
both from a while ago , no idea what the current progress is on it .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
thousands of rock NNS VBP ships , most probably representing JJ NN built NNS for warfare , fishing , and trade .	0	4	VBP	depict	depicts
in the NNP article , the first part of the article appears at the bottom of the page , as do all the NNP links .	7	11	VBZ	appears	appear
application of the rule of the shorter term is such a discrimination , as it results in granting domestic authors longer copyright terms for their works than foreign authors from other eu countries .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
many farms take the view that 13 or even 14 month cycles are more appropriate for this type of cow .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the eponymous NN ' answers refer to correct answers that none of the 100 NNS were able to guess and thus have a point value of 0 .	4	5	VBP	refer	refers
i can not do it , because i do not know what those arguments are and could not represent them .	13	14	VBP	are	is
NNS include jerry reed , NNP travis , NNP NNP , les paul and mark NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
that would be much more in line with what the school article guidelines call for .	12	13	VBP	call	calls
that guy looks like strong bad from NNP runner .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
market participants include individual retail investors , institutional investors such as mutual funds , banks , insurance companies and NN funds , and also publicly traded corporations trading in their own shares .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the story begins with NNP NNP VBG the original NNP legend ; long ago , the great spirit NNP NNP descended from the NNS to an island paradise , bringing with him the NNS known as the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ , JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the essay is not a wikipedia policy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
variations of the show include NNP squares and hip hop squares .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this category is for the seat automobile NN of spain , owned by the automotive industry concern NNP group .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
due process is a powerful concept at common law , so it was important for the lexington principles to be VBN in those terms .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the text makes a radical claim , some supporting detail is required .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the NNP hospital will be the last to close once the new hospital is fully functional ; it will then be demolished to make place for additional buildings .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NNS include krishna as NNP ( NNP in hand , in a standing NN ) , NNP saints , NNP NN in JJ style .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NNP high school mascot is the NNP with the school colors of purple and old gold .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i believe those last five or six comments are the NN for a NN to shut down this thread as well .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the program also VBZ with NNP 's view word processor , allowing mixing of NN data and word processor text within the same NN .	1	3	VBZ	integrates	integrate
currently the highest VBN legal tender NN issued by the central bank is 100 , 000 NNS ( about u .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
the player controls a girl who VBZ in a NN in a JJ room .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
in total , the NNP council international founding members represent approximately 9 , 000 indigenous peoples of NNP descent .	8	9	VBP	represent	represents
with the NN of li , NNP NNP practitioners respond to criticisms by RB VBG outside media offices seeking NN against perceived unfair reporting .	8	9	VBP	respond	responds
the two nearest cities are NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
rather than trying to VB apply a guideline like a policy , i think we should consider if this article is useful and if it VBZ a NN - which i believe it does .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population ( 2011 ) of 2 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
delete , per above ; this article is pure JJ speculation .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some art highlights from that period include viking glory a 96 page graphic novel for dc comics , legend of NNP hollow for NNP publishing and NNP a horror story JJ and painted for NNP publishing .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
NNS mostly ignore the items of future profits .	0	2	VBP	ignore	ignores
clients include NNP , NNP , NNP , bbc worldwide and the NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
and if positive criticism is JJ , i think the article should be named something like NNP of judaism .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it shares the black and white VBD patch on the side of its neck , but the breast is less pink , and the JJ wing NNS of turtle NNP are replaced with a NN NN , and darker centres .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
now make a judgment over which editor is more JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
to me , even just the name alone seems to be bias .	6	8	VBZ	seems	seem
this station has two JJ island platforms each 10 cars long .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the oldest part is the JJ du NNP , which began in CD as a planned NN called `` the officials ' housing '' , allocated from part of the NN estate .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the three women end up VBN when monica goes into labor .	2	3	VBP	end	ends
this movie follows joseph ( NNP NNP ) from his final days living at home with his mother ( NNP NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
language is really rough in spots in the united kingdom the event was be broadcast live on the bbc 's channels and via it 's website .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
on this view , a society can easily be thought of as an NN , the parts functioning together as do the parts of a body .	16	20	VBP	do	does
nicolas NNP 's catalog consists of more than 60 works , ranging from solo instrument to JJ orchestra , through electronic music ( fixed sounds or live ) , stage music for theatre , dance .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the interior features an oak wood NN ceiling that is supported by JJ NNS and columns with hand carved stone capitals .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the members are NNP and NNP from NNP , raja ram and NN artist chicago .	1	2	VBP	are	is
keep , there is nothing wrong with his being present ; the article certainly needs to be edited , but the subject matter -- price , himself -- is certainly ( imo ) notable .	12	14	VBZ	needs	need
the first course of action is typically an attempt to discuss the changes on the talk page .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in contrast , recent estimates tell us that there have been 12 or 13 so-called honour NNS in canada in the last decade .	4	5	VBP	tell	tells
two rare australian species are NNP NN and NNP NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this day VBZ the victory of the god krishna over the demon of NN , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
keep - the topic is verifiable , as sources for the episodes are out there and easy to find , which brings into question whether the nomination is being made in good faith .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these servers operate over the included NNP networking functionality , allowing one to connect the NNP to a wider network through a pc .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
japanese newspapers are JJ to start with ( see freeman , closing the shop , princeton NNP press ) and the NN articles that they do post on their websites are rapidly removed thereafter .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the short story the meaning of the act NNP explains to NNS that the secret of his success is to `` take a drink with anyone , and pick your NNS where you find PRP '' .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
since the late 1970s , the central part of NNP is its washington square campus in the heart of greenwich village .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
business VBZ but tang NNP calls the NNP and they VBP his NN NN .	0	1	VBZ	improves	improve
communication services include a telephone with personal voice mail and VBD ' internet access .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
personally , i do n't think i violated 3rr , but i can understand if an admin feels i should have just walked away instead of responding .	16	17	VBZ	feels	feel
currently , all us and at least one chinese synthetic fuel projects , include NN in their process designs .	11	13	VBP	include	includes
the name of the square is , `` the derek NNP square .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
surgical specialists who commonly treat specific aspects of facial trauma are oral and JJ NNS .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the star is slightly more massive , slightly more JJ and slightly JJR than the sun .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the issue here is that while delete is perfectly JJ ( click a button and NN ) , merge is not .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
for visits to rural areas the president uses an armoured toyota land cruiser 100 series .	6	7	VBZ	uses	use
the NNP global scholars program ( NNP ) is a program of global learning , study and service abroad .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
unlike most NNS , which walk on their NNS with NNS held off the ground ( NN ) , fossil NNS show that VBZ stood with the entire foot in contact with the ground ( NN ) , in a manner similar to humans and bears .	20	21	VBP	show	shows
appears creator has been VBG to merge ( reading summaries only , i 've never edited ) so deletion seems the only alternative .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem
her son NNP NNP is the producer of her JJ `` NNP NN NN '' ( you did let me alone ) and `` NNP im NN '' ( my sweet sister ) albums .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
summers are hot and dry followed by NN months , with approximately of rainfall followed by mild winters in the months of december and january .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the vehicle has a maximum range of 60 NN with 12 NN NN , and maximum speed is 6 NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the habitat consists of NNS , NNS , NN valleys and JJ NNS in JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the infobox reviews need pov spread .	1	2	VBZ	reviews	review
similar to the classic card game war , the player with the higher number wins the battle .	9	14	VBZ	wins	win
i think the articles themselves are focused on aspects of the controversy over iraq that are designed to put the JJ side in a good light , ignoring other aspects , which i think is the reverse side of what your real objection is about this article .	42	43	VBZ	is	are
i wrote , with the result that your responses are irrelevant .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the demand buses have a JJ capacity , and have a NN lift in the rear .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the current director of the museum is dr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in such a case , the reliable sources needed are for individual entries showing they meet the criteria .	7	9	VBP	are	is
VBN gold comes with withdrawal or delivery options , i .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
yes , that NN is just the problem i 'm describing .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
all of these are routine revisions , the discussion of which is the reason why article talk pages exist .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the goal of NNS is to perform , while the goal of NNS is to more of a personal NN .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
the foreign service is not officially part of the regular civilian service , but a substitute which VBZ its participants from the civilian service .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a man approaches her , asking if she 's been sent by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	approaches	approach
character lists are the way to deal with these articles .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this album continues the heavier sound that was introduced in their previous album dead again , and also marks the return of the NNP and JJ JJ themes which were prevalent during the band 's first incarnation .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
if all seats are filled in the first count , the count is over .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN schemes are JJ by design .	2	3	VBP	are	is
our article on the tests is kind of a mess in terms of different tables and all .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the school occupies ground on the side of a hill in the NNP area of perth , and is within the perth and NNP council area .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
one of the reasoning behind using the term was that `` the [ advantage ] of using the term open source [ is ] that the business world usually tries to keep free technologies from being installed .	27	29	VBZ	tries	try
the NN of the new NNP has a JJ theme at the front and rear , while the interior remains JJ .	18	19	VBZ	remains	remain
the marriage gap describes observed economic and political NNS between those who are married and those who are single .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
a related function makes an image of an object NN , so that all sides can be examined .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
also court orders are available to prove the above is true and balanced not VBN like the present one .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the traditional technique requires a NNP exposure unit and involves photo exposure with film NNS and chemical NN of a NN plate .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the JJ couple continues to spy until they see themselves on the monitor and look behind themselves to see the same camera they use to spy .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
per npov , these two significant issues must be treated in one article , and the reliable sources on this subject are abundant and JJ to do so .	17	21	VBP	are	is
the route , which is long , is a JJ freeway for its entire length .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
a short sequence of NNP is available on the cd that VBZ oliver NNP 's autobiography , and a dvd of the 18 episodes is also available from the dragons ' friendly society .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
first , the genetic structure of the strain is quite different from other NN variants .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
one argument is that too much of riverside 's talent is concentrated in a few players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new NN frequently makes mistakes .	2	4	VBZ	makes	make
for example , several fictional characters , not notable for their own article , may share a name with people and characters that do have an article ; assuming that the character is a likely search team , it usually is included on the disambiguation page .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
this article is ( or was , if someone took NN themselves to move it already ) at angel hair .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another place where NN imagery is produced by NNS is the laser NN , where a small rotating mirror is used to VB a VBN laser beam in one axis while the motion of the NN provides the motion in the other axis .	32	36	VBZ	provides	provide
also this article is about two JJ organizations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category is for american football at saint xavier university in chicago , illinois .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this document is extremely rough and not of any use for anything .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the long stretch of empty beach serves not only as NN for NNS and NNS but also as a NN for beach NNS .	2	6	VBZ	serves	serve
the player also talks during the actual game , VBG commands and VBG with the NNS .	1	3	VBZ	talks	talk
NNP ) , many scholars think that NNP was the elected chief of a tribal NN .	4	5	VBP	think	thinks
the JJ consideration of being is a JJ pro FW .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this theory , originally introduced by eric NNP , NNP li , and charles NNP , argues that nations with a high level of capital NN are able to avoid conflict with each other and maintain a lasting peace .	1	16	VBZ	argues	argue
as NNP 's network has turning NNS at all NN , the cars are JJ ( have a driver 's cab at only one end ) and have doors on only one side .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the video features guest appearances by das NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP though none perform on the song .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
because of this , there is no need to detect the NN error before it has happened , and the NNP bus actually VBZ it a few cycles later .	21	23	VBZ	detects	detect
as a result of this active transport , JJ concentration inside JJ cells of JJ tissue is 20 to 50 times higher than in the plasma .	9	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP berry NNS and NNS are common , especially among older people .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the JJ explanation is that the term was derived from the JJ use of colors for the four cardinal points of the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP river flows through the city .	2	3	VBZ	flows	flow
burning hydrogen is nothing new ; if anything , this whole video is just an JJ way of making hydrogen .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ dishes are popular in the spring and summer , while fall and winter sees meat from hunting and black NNS from NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the subject is notable , but the article is unsourced so it 's better to start again .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the earliest JJ jewish chronicle preserved in the hebrew language , the NNP NNP NNP , compiled by jose ben NNP in 160 ad , dates the creation of the world to CD bc while the later NNP NNP NNP to CD bc .	4	25	VBZ	dates	date
the NNP river enters the district in the southeast and leaves to the northeast .	2	3	VBZ	enters	enter
just thought it should be brought to your attention ; i 'm not sure what the best course of action is here .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
absent that , i suggest parents make use of blocking software for pages that have certain key words .	5	6	VBP	make	makes
evidence favour of an intact NNP deposit comes from analysis of rare earth elements ( NNP ) in the NN bones .	1	7	VBZ	comes	come
this road proceeds north until it reaches the NNP gate at the entrance to NNP national park .	1	2	VBZ	proceeds	proceed
however his attempts to get into more episodes end with someone ( mostly NNP ) telling him to shut up .	2	8	VBP	end	ends
the rifle is available in .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in its lower reaches , the river at NNP supplies water to the NNP river , a artificial channel created in CD for king charles i to supply the water features in NNP park and the rectangular lakes in hampton court park .	6	9	VBZ	supplies	supply
it has plain NN on plain NNS ; the NNS are JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the predicted sizes of NN and JJ planets are similar within a few per cent , which makes it difficult to interpret the interior composition of NNS based on measured JJ masses and NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is
this movie that came out in 1977 seems to be clearly inspired by the english classic that released a year before .	1	7	VBZ	seems	seem
it is an unfortunate fact , '' martin wrote to NNP , `` that any hostile criticism of the present russian regime is JJ to be taken as propaganda against socialism .	16	22	VBZ	is	are
the other main leader is NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN was completed when NNP , in 1974 , showed that quantum field theory VBZ that black holes should VB like a black body with a temperature proportional to the surface gravity of the black hole .	14	15	VBZ	predicts	predict
blp , i have VBN that all references are reliable sources .	7	8	VBP	are	is
every village has a field for NN ; NNP stadium in NNP is one of the kingdom 's most prominent NN fields .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
people associated with NNP include the JJ john NNP , the NN lord randolph churchill , the poet t .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the show begins with the band being rejected by a talent agent , only to have his nine year old daughter , NNP NNP , played by NNP NNP , assume the role of the band 's manager .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
some versions have a hole in the centre of each of the NNS , thereby allowing restricted forward vision .	1	2	VBP	have	has
i am not sure a ) whether this question belongs in this section nor b ) whether it belongs at the reference desk at all , but i have n't been able to figure it out anywhere else .	8	9	VBZ	belongs	belong
his edits are really not that JJ , but he makes no attempt to discuss and instead NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other NNS are very rarely accepted in iceland .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for the purposes of wikipedia , some publications , including many scientific papers , are partly a primary source and partly secondary .	7	14	VBP	are	is
in the event that the NN uses the money for any other purpose , it is held on trust for the NN .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
i want to get it out as soon as possible , for our people need it so much .	13	14	VBP	need	needs
for example , when discussing abortion , JJ NNS differ considerably .	8	9	VBP	differ	differs
the implications of such selection are clearly that , though much has VBN , much deserves to remain .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the transaction is RB smooth ( but JJ ) if the father VBZ that the child will be returned , but a NN VBZ for the NN if he VBZ that the child will not be returned .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
programmes like something special can only help bridge the gap that sometimes RB appears between able and not so able JJ people in our society and help VB the NN that disabled people sometimes face due to NN .	32	34	VBP	face	faces
JJR people have a higher death rate .	1	2	VBP	have	has
november 2008 ( utc ) adding in that way makes sense only when the events involved are RB exclusive .	14	16	VBP	are	is
the demon NNP '' , these acts feature original american indian NNS which have been in use since the 1920s .	6	7	VBP	feature	features
his composition involves a large cross whose NN is supported by two soldiers .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
in rock physics and NNS , the NN line , also called NNP 's equation or NNP 's relation , is an JJ linear relation between JJ NNP velocity and NNP velocity in JJ JJ rocks ( i .	14	20	VBZ	is	are
this exhibit displays NN of NNS and NNS of early NNS , arranged to show the timeline of human evolution .	1	2	VBZ	displays	display
the medal is one of the highest honors the president can VB upon a civilian , second only to the presidential medal of freedom .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
k NNP NNP kit - complete NNP contain full size pattern and whatever NNP materials are necessary ; such as NNP , NNP , NNP , drops , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP , etc .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the resulting notes reflect only the horizontal positions of the stars , and not all stars are used , because the maps used a variety of colors , and cage 's chance operations limited the choices every time to specific colors .	2	3	VBP	reflect	reflects
the JJ NN package also VBZ the average JJ cycle , though the JJ events during a NN cycle are significantly different from those of a normal JJ JJ cycle .	14	19	VBP	are	is
if anything , the two greatest NNS are potentially unreliable sources and VBG ( with which i can assist , to some degree ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is
we follow reliable sources , not what people know .	7	8	VBP	know	knows
this category comprises templates used by wikiproject manitoba .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
these devices exist at the boundary between JJ chemistry and NN , and NNS have been demonstrated using JJ concepts .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the result is two articles with different names , each with an identical edit history , for proper NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the canadian experience is JJ of the potential benefits to the indian economy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a prehistoric relative , NNP NN , has been described from fossil remains .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
this is the sense in which a gauge theory `` extends '' a global NN to a local NN , and closely resembles the historical development of the gauge theory of gravity known as general NN .	8	10	VBZ	extends	extend
if his NN is one of guilty , then there is provision for the proceedings to continue to NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these periodic visual NNS ( NNP ) occur at a frequency dependent upon the level of threat to the environment , the security classification of the data , and the access control to the area .	3	7	VBP	occur	occurs
the NNP family claims direct descent from king james i of scotland .	3	4	VBP	direct	directs
the death chair is a term for a seating device used in the NNS of criminals who have been condemned to the death penalty .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
npov here , but as i see it , potentially controversial views need to be cited ( i .	11	12	VBP	need	needs
he criticized reagan for his conduct in the NNP affair , VBG that reagan let his emotions take over his judgment and RB paid for NNS via arms .	16	17	VBP	take	takes
the use of the common names `` frog '' and `` NN '' has no JJ justification .	1	13	VBZ	has	have
other NNS include percussion ensemble , NNP and brass NNP as well as jazz NNP and numerous small NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
legend has it , that NNP NNS would often play with real life guards as their NNS .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the formal flower and JJ garden leads RB into the woodland garden , and provides a fine setting for the JJ JJ garden and NN , created in the 1960s by the countess of NNP and peter NNP .	2	6	VBZ	leads	lead
numerous management programs are working to combat the JJ species spread .	9	10	VBP	spread	spreads
other schools in NNP include NNP east central school , NNP NNP , NNP elementary school among others .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
in particular in france the modern order of mutual benefit , in its NNP version , becomes republican and JJ if not always clearly JJ .	6	16	VBZ	becomes	become
although the film is in parts faithful to the book , brooks created a fictional character , `` the reporter '' ( played by paul stewart ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the young man still trying to find a place in the corporate world puts up an innocent NN to a young girl he chances upon .	2	13	VBZ	puts	put
the amount of development along the overlap remains low until the highway crosses the NNP NNP west shore subdivision , at which point the fields that had surrounded the route are replaced with homes and businesses .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain
this template is not mandatory , however , and the information may be `` hidden '' within template NN ( example ) , if present at all .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other NNS of the code include JJ , JJ final NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
his style of writing is calm , and at times RB .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
not all authorities agree on the exact NN of NNP .	2	3	VBP	agree	agrees
the clubs grounds are NNP NNP NNP NNP ( NNP mccarthy park ) and the team wears a red and white strip .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the house bought in CD by william berkeley , eldest son of NNP berkeley ( JJ ) of NNP , was owned and lived in by the berkeley family for nearly 350 years , but the manor is over one thousand years old .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
the champion award is a designation give to a horse , NN of age , whose performance during the racing year was deemed the most outstanding .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the authors specify that knowledge of JJ NN in the hispanic culture is especially relevant for organizations that may require NN job NN .	1	2	VBP	specify	specifies
block says editors who repeatedly insert unsourced or poorly sourced contentious biographical material about living persons to articles or talk pages may be blocked for disruption .	0	1	VBZ	says	say
the target audience is the NN market ( primarily france ) , which is considerably smaller and largely independent from the mainstream NN market .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep every entry in the list is backed up with reliable sources , and the list is a convenient and NN introduction to all of them .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
also , if your goal is to VB computer graphics , and you have a large budget , then multiple NNS set up to do parallel processing is the way to go , not VBG ( at least not to the extent you want to push it ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the southeast front has a JJ NN running the length of the front , which leads to a conservatory at the northeast end of the house .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the line is open , being VBN between NNP junction and NNP south junction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
moreover , the VBG officer may rule on a `` point of order '' ( a member 's objection that a rule has been VBN ) ; the decision is subject to appeal to the whole house .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
in software development , the core of the NN is the JJ team .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the state of california is home to CD of these landmarks , expressing the diversity of california 's heritage , including JJ peoples , the spanish and mexican periods , maritime activity , space exploration , and many other themes .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a vessel arrives at the coast to bring the king to the NNP ' .	1	2	VBZ	arrives	arrive
so the copyright is the one that applies to the original .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this model is JJ for its ability to design and market products more easily and effectively , yet is VBN by its small size and scope of operations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however our article on the subject is at 2012 phenomenon .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his other notable works include an opera rebecca ( 1983 ) , based on NNP du NNP 's novel , a ballet NNP ( 1991 ) and the NNP dances , based on newcastle folk songs ( the title is a reference to newcastle 's roman name .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the site of the NNP junction rail crash of 1910 is near to the station which was originally known as NNP junction , as it was the junction of a branch line to .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
these cells are usually JJ to VB because they are not VBG , and VB best targets rapidly diving cells .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he was buried in NNP church , where his memorial NN still exists .	10	12	VBZ	exists	exist
your article lacks a separate research and NNP section .	1	2	VBZ	lacks	lack
the section of the NNP from NNP to springs is a dual NN and is a national toll route .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
it is a form NN created for JJ fruits whose precise assignment to a genus is not possible .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
RB the limited adminship idea is interesting , but JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the library is also open to the general public in the law school 's new facility .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
strange how people call me the NN queen when you are the one comparing a simple proposal for better NN with the holocaust and the JJ witch NNS of the [ [ house JJ activities committee ] ] .	2	3	VBP	call	calls
VBN journal , about the journal it is also used to refer to VB , `` the sense that all things are VBN and not separate , while at the same time all things retain their NN '' .	33	34	VBP	retain	retains
a NN wall is a retaining wall made of JJ JJ NNS tied together with wire .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
she notes that wikipedia VBZ itself on being built by groups of lay citizens , and experts are unlikely to contribute anyway because they would expect to be paid .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the NNS of the owners of the organization regarding this article are not at all relevant .	1	11	VBP	are	is
in NNS , the term usually refers to small , JJ , JJ NNS found on the head , neck and throat , with larger structures particularly at the bottom of the throat .	4	6	VBZ	refers	refer
the front of the cap is decorated with the NNS of the school , the base of the cap is black , the sides are white and the top of the cap features the french NN .	23	24	VBP	are	is
the following pages contain lists of notable publications and important historical works in different areas of science .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
the albanian diplomatic mission to the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization ( unesco ) consists of the embassy located in paris .	3	17	VBZ	consists	consist
the NN in its current incarnation is a NN , with NN , NN , and VB all NN from NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the facility comprises classrooms , recording studios , a library , private NN rooms , a performance hall , a student NN , and video viewing and practice areas , and digital practice rooms .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the school offers basic , as well as advanced secondary courses .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
in addition to their team responsibilities , community members also take full part in morning prayers , community worship and other activities .	8	10	VBP	take	takes
good editors RB make good admins .	1	3	VBP	make	makes
the proportion of portland cement in the NN must not be too high , so that as the wall NNS and moves tiny distances in settling , the NN gives rather than the brick .	28	29	VBZ	gives	give
the cage of death is combat zone wrestling ( NNP ) 's biggest show since 1999 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
lost river is an unincorporated community in warren county , kentucky , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS of fiction from african-american writers are eligible .	0	6	VBP	are	is
on may 5 , six large NN drums lead eight NNS to a temporary holding area .	7	8	VBP	lead	leads
the article is about a specific model of a railway locomotive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the football team does not have a permanent ground therefore the team has to play in a open field behind NNP street .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
extensive scientific research demonstrates that `` the NNS ' of a child includes having [ both ] a mother and a father .	2	3	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
i wrote in detail why i feel my edit is much more valid than the other way NNP feels is equal .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the german category has now 4 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the recorded history of NNP dates back to the ninth century , as seen from a NNP inscriptions in the NNP temple in NNP .	2	5	VBZ	dates	date
but the current content of quantum theory looks rather weak .	3	7	VBZ	looks	look
finally , when the NN is used as a vehicle for NN for the NNP system , the ceiling necessarily has NNS or JJ returns .	18	20	VBZ	has	have
i brought it up here , and VBD a similar response to what i expected - edits are fine , therefore not a problem .	16	17	VBP	are	is
probably the most important responsibility of married women is the management of their children 's education .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the company presents on three staged productions per season largely from the standard JJ repertoire .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
these theories work from the central NN that effective NNS are active agents who construct knowledge by setting goals , VBG tasks , planning strategies and monitoring their understanding .	1	2	VBP	work	works
an iranian actor named NNP who is trying to be a serious actor instead of the NN everyone considers him to be .	2	18	VBZ	considers	consider
while similar in sound to later CD releases , this collection stands out as having more electronic beats , and a heavy use of sound samples in several tracks , in particular `` this '' .	10	11	VBZ	stands	stand
though the summer climate is hot , with limited NN and no water sources , there were no fires in the NNP for 110 years .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these rings have now been removed as the games are officially over .	8	9	VBP	are	is
a JJ boat ride is also available to NNP de NNP ( NNP island ) , a small beach island that features the NNP de NNP lighthouse which was built in 1887 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
places along its banks include NNP , NNP , NNP , the hague and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
in 2000 , year 10 also became part of the senior school , and girls now usually enter the school at year 10 level .	14	17	VBP	enter	enters
the NNS usually occur RB with those in the main sonic the NNP comic book , but typically take place in different locations .	1	3	VBP	occur	occurs
the gardens cover roughly .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
the north shore towers community also has many social activities , including day and evening trips , cultural events , book clubs , walking clubs , photography clubs , VBG clubs , concerts , guest speaking events , and holiday dinner dances .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
legion 1818 is the official supporters group for the team .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the basketball team primarily uses the gym at the school campus , but can also utilize clark field house , located directly to the north of NNP stadium .	2	4	VBZ	uses	use
the village has a population ( 2012 ) of CD , which gives the village a population density of .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNP `` mountains of hawks '' are `` arms '' , a reference to the sport of NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the breeding season starts in october and VBZ for almost half a year .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
bet 's former JJ program `` bet NNP '' often featured explicit music videos that RB would not have been shown during the day , and many contain partial NN .	13	27	VBP	contain	contains
commercially available newspapers include the lancaster guardian ( a popular NN , having changed from NN in may 2011 ) and the visitor ( a JJ newspaper mainly targeted at residents of NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
through a humorous narrative , the author tells the story of her childhood days and her NNS with her three younger sisters NNP , NNP and NNP ( NNP is the childhood NN of the author ) .	6	7	VBZ	tells	tell
the player , assuming the role of `` the master '' ( `` god '' in the japanese version ) , controls a floating palace to VB the people of the world below .	1	21	VBZ	controls	control
jacob campus now serves as NNP middle school , which serves the sixth through eighth grades as a JJ school to NNP high school .	1	3	VBZ	serves	serve
early NNS and NN NNS bear fruit even where nights are cool , which usually VBZ fruit set .	1	5	VBP	bear	bears
the passion comes through like a JJ wave .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
this band is now defunct , with little or no chance of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
members try to put these aims into practice in their individual communities .	0	1	VBP	try	tries
by this method , its color is further improved and brought NN to that of gold , probably by removing any particles of copper that may have been on the NN surface .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
recent examples include an exhibition of NNS produced by women in iraq , open NNPS ; and programme involving artists from refugee and JJ communities in uk , linking with artists from their country of origin , imagine art after , exhibited at NNP britain in 2007 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
specifically , the NN is one access point for revolutionary NNS of women .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the outer atmosphere is generally JJ and lacking in contrast , although JJ features can appear .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
physically , JJ equilibrium connects the NN of the potential , the density , and the NN of the pressure , whereas NNP 's equation connects the potential with the density .	24	25	VBZ	connects	connect
the leo program 's maximum age of membership is 30 years of age , though it is at the NN of the lion 's district to enforce younger JJ limits for NNP clubs .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
an organic system of VBG human NNS to natural phenomena was RB developed and remnants of these appear in everyday albanian folklore and tradition .	14	17	VBP	appear	appears
the name is sometimes also applied to the whole valley , which connects NNP in the south with the vale of NNP in the north .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fourth , magazine articles containing statements of george lucas are not primary sources , because they were not written by lucas , but by somebody else who , presumably , did some fact checking and such .	3	9	VBP	are	is
professor IN the NN school instructor is about to teach his students `` how to stuff a NN in one easy NN .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
he takes the elevator to the surface and sees that a nuclear war really has occurred , and the world is in ruins .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the team plays its home games in the stadium on the campus of NNP high school in sacramento , california .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
examples of purely JJ literature are the works of NNP NNP and NNP NNP , who spoke only NNP , and the NNS and NNS of NNP NNP , who chose to write only in NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is
common causes of head injury are motor vehicle traffic NNS , home and JJ accidents , falls , and NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
fair use for image in the new NNP and phillip movie IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
his son in law is congressman robert NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
on a closer look , NNP airport page has one of the highest number of citations which rarely any other similar page have , which proves its validity .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
only those items which i notice shape my mind - without selective interest , experience is an JJ chaos .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a new academic year begins at the ancient and prestigious trinity college , NNP university , and among the new students is charlotte arc ( NNP NNP ) , whose father richard arc ( nick NNP ) was formerly a student and then professor at the college .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP and to the extent that the policy is applicable to his post it is based upon a NN of my words .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
he can create it as slowly as he likes in his user space , and when it says enough to demonstrate that the subject is JJ , can copy it into an article .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the exercise is the world 's largest JJ command and control implementation which mainly focuses on defending south korea from a north korean attack .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when flown RB , the usual aim is maximum flight duration .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
episode 5 kevin tells his NN that he is no longer legally bound to support her ; NNP VBZ out on a date .	0	3	VBZ	tells	tell
however , the JJ injury he VBD during changes has not permanently VBN and he continues to have use of his legs only as long as he possesses the NN of the winter knight .	4	9	VBZ	has	have
in the original context where it was used , it is quite similar to popular literary devices ( commonly found in journalism ) where a piece of prose begins and ends on the same topic .	25	28	VBZ	begins	begin
third-party software components also offer automatic collection and display of data .	2	4	VBP	offer	offers
a traditional puzzle ring is a type of ring made up of four , six , eight , or twelve JJ rings .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the juvenile resembles the male , but is less JJ than the adult , and has brown rather than dark red eyes .	1	2	VBZ	resembles	resemble
note that NNS are cut on the bias ( RB ) , so the stripes on the source cloth are parallel or JJ to the NN , not JJ .	14	19	VBP	are	is
i think this NN is JJ , the candidate needs to have more experience ( in life as well as in the ways of the wiki ) .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
NNS of NNP reflect earlier clearing of the NN , which is also a major breeding ground for the NNP NNP .	0	3	VBP	reflect	reflects
the church is in use , and a grade ii listed building , and the church hall is listed by virtue of being within the NN of the listed building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
chief NNS are farming , JJ NN ( iron works ) , chemicals , leather ( NN ) , NNS and food processing plants ( dairy products , JJ NNS ) , building material , JJ oil NN , and thermal power .	8	9	VBZ	works	work
owned by the NNP family , publishers of NNP 's daily newspaper , the NNP , the station maintains studios located on west NNP street in downtown NNP and is the top rated station in the market .	17	18	VBZ	maintains	maintain
in 2010 , NNP was hired by NNP university as the wide NNS coach under head coach greg NNP .	12	13	VBP	coach	coaches
the airport access road is NNP road .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the system is also in use in palm bay , florida .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
gaelic games are the main sports played in the NNP area ; NNP sean NNP 's NNP is the local NNP club .	1	2	VBP	are	is
individual NNS also have no authority to speak on behalf of the NNPS in this way , and especially not off the NNP board .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the ruins of the old reagan county courthouse are still visible just off texas state highway CD , between big lake and texas state highway CD .	1	8	VBP	are	is
it is a common NN that a welsh NN name in cornwall is less `` JJ '' than a more JJ name beginning with JJ , JJ or pen .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP installations still require a product key , which is unique to the specific edition of windows , such as home ( NNP ) , starter , home basic , home premium , professional , ultimate , server , etc .	1	3	VBP	require	requires
the point about fully professional or not is not the only case i made .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the book remains an JJ source of information on the transition from manuscripts to books that occurred in the middle ages .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
a contract is an agreement having a JJ object entered into RB by two or more parties , each of whom VBZ to create one or more legal NNS between them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP is unable to get the ultimate power , as the sword belongs to VB as per NNP 's wishes , and NNP refuses NNP 's wishes .	13	14	VBZ	belongs	belong
however , the world is post JJ and people now live inside a huge VBN city and are unaware of the world outside , believing it to be a NN , JJ environment .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN criterion only holds for columns ( 1 and 2 ) , ( 1 and 3 ) , ( 2 and 4 ) and ( 3 and 4 ) .	2	4	VBZ	holds	hold
all the JJ instruments are made of wood and use natural NN strings , wood is the rule for the wind instruments , and the brass are NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
it can also be argued that in a democracy , because the government is the party performing the act of VBG taxes , society as a whole decides how the tax system should be organized .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the song `` eight million strong '' appears on NNP ; the version on NNP is a remix .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
the main game is fly fish , black bear , deer , NNS and turkey .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
tropical forest exists in the south , while JJ occupies the northern NNS .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
yes , unless your JJ NNS are very JJ .	5	6	VBP	are	is
performance styles range from traditional block marching to elaborate productions with VBG drill patterns .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
remaining sources include links to JJ recordings of the station , a picture of the station ( which do not themselves give an indication of notability ) , and a book whose mention of the station seems to only be a JJ mention .	32	36	VBZ	seems	seem
the NN is constructed from smooth paths in u , and it can be shown that the JJ class of the NN depends only on the choice of a JJ class of paths from b to 0 .	18	22	VBZ	depends	depend
a few jewish groups concentrate on abortion issues , both JJ and NN .	3	4	VBP	concentrate	concentrates
the longest single run is the NNP NNP , which is the longest run in australia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the maximum punishment is one year imprisonment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a VBN bicycle , NN , NN , or NN is a bicycle with an attached motor and transmission used either to power the vehicle JJ , or to assist with NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
discussion is good ; VBG your opinion down our NNS without real cause is not .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
it is unclear whether this interpretation will be brought into general usage , but the underlying meaning remains the same .	16	17	VBZ	remains	remain
four times a week there are live classes broadcast from the NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in flight both NNS show a pale grey NN .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
the NN procedures are frequently JJ , with NN of the NN recurring two or more years after the operation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in the eu two `` JJ '' clips connect the seat to the lower NNS rather than the open clip style NNS commonly used in the united states .	7	8	VBP	connect	connects
this aspect also deals with the issues VBG from the integration of packages .	1	3	VBZ	deals	deal
february 2011 ( utc ) even his block log shows the history there .	8	9	VBZ	shows	show
according to the 2002 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
although aggressive encounters are JJ in the animal kingdom , with often high stakes , most are resolved through NN , displays and trials of strength .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the `` NNP valley '' project is part of russia 's ongoing effort to VB and VB its economy , one of the main programs of NNP NNP 's presidency .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the title story of the robot dreams collection VBZ NNP , or `` NNP '' , a robot who enters a state of NN and dreams thanks to the unusual JJ construction of his JJ brain .	2	8	VBZ	portrays	portray
NNS have a distinctive JJ NN that VBZ from the NN of the NN , and a JJ NN that VBZ from the top of its NN called a NN .	0	1	VBP	have	has
animals of various species live RB on an JJ archipelago called the NNP .	0	4	VBP	live	lives
while there are a number of factors that contribute to higher food prices such as global demand and JJ oil costs , JJ production is the biggest factor VBG corn demand and thereby food inflation .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the list of employees serves to associate the characters -- and such series do need such NNS to keep things RB VBP .	1	4	VBZ	serves	serve
accident management companies obtain their work from a range of sources , including NNS , breakdown companies , NNS , insurance NNS , fleet managers and NNS .	2	3	VBP	obtain	obtains
the awards they have won are n't just `` some awards .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NN is open to the public as a NN on a bed and breakfast basis .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whatever process one uses to determine the JJ NNS of a theory , that does not VB what JJ NNS one should have .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
where editors are unable to resolve NNS amongst themselves , they should turn to others for help , for example by requesting a third opinion or making a request for comment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a signature of some disney musical films is their songs ' use of nonsense words , the longest and most famous of which is from mary NNP , entitled `` JJ '' .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this act of NN is the essence of what NNP wrote about .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the platform also offers additional functionality like call progress and status information in text and automatic NN of a relay service for JJ calls .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
a condition in south africa is a term that VBZ a JJ NN so as to make its operation and consequences dependent on some uncertain future event .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some accounts claim that NNP became more JJ in his artistic vision .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
NNS are a recognition of hard work in an area from one NN to another .	0	1	VBP	are	is
however , i believe that policy is in grave error , and i will show an example to illustrate why .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
lists such as these are integral parts of a film encyclopedia , which is part of what wikipedia is trying to be .	0	4	VBP	are	is
fair use in NNP park iii ( film score ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the album VBZ the theme of female sexuality and has been described as JJ or even sad in parts .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
courses offered include biology , computer , NNP , chemistry , physics , english , NNP , history , civic , economics , etc .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
the larger municipalities rely more on loans and on internal cash generation , while the smaller ones depend more on grants and other sources of funding .	16	17	VBP	depend	depends
NNP 's best friends and allies in his adventures are his NN NNP NNP and professor NNP .	3	9	VBP	are	is
most routes are completely JJ 3 NN dc and 25 NN ac systems , usually class CD locomotives on the 3 NN system and class CD on the 25 NN system .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the policies of notability and verifiability apply to every single article on wikipedia , and unless they can be met ( i .	1	6	VBP	apply	applies
NNP has 3 components cities , 1 independent city and 1 highly JJ city , these cities are vital in the region 's existence .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the funding portal 's mission is to VB the NN complicated process for business to apply for government funding or private financing as part of their growth strategies .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP cancelled ( NNP ) order is an order to buy or sell a security which remains in effect until executed or canceled .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
fraud prevention arc fraud NNS work in partnership with travel agents , airlines , law enforcement , and NNP to VB financial losses within the u .	4	5	VBP	work	works
several people write to the local authorities and politicians to VB about how people with learning disabilities are being treated .	1	2	VBP	write	writes
NNP races involve cars identical to those used in rally events ; the races themselves , however , are very different .	1	2	VBP	involve	involves
the mall has space for 2 , 500 retail stores and NNS and also possesses a large underground gymnasium , a JJ movie theater , a top floor food court and an indoor theme park .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
such clubs are part of the japanese NN industry called the NN NN , which also includes NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the point of afd is to identify areas that need substantial improvement or make the article invalid somehow .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the american worker is ambitious to own the factory he works in .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but their plan fails as NNP is VBN down by phantom NNP .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
a NNP function is available as an NN for either edition .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category comprises articles and NNS of .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the locomotive is one of a number fitted with electric train heating .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i look forward to a resolution on this and will respect whatever the community decides .	13	14	VBZ	decides	decide
players assume the roles of NN traders in a market town , competing to attract customers .	0	1	VBP	assume	assumes
other models involve water , either in the form of spring NNS , however , any process that requires JJ amounts of water ( e .	1	2	VBP	involve	involves
the tricks NNP improved upon are JJ , but his signature pieces include NNS with love , and oil and water without NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
flower gardens are , indeed , a key factor in modern landscape design and even architecture , especially for large businesses , some of which pay to have large flower gardens torn out and replaced entirely each season , in order to keep the color patterns consistent .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the general purpose of NNP is to enable NNS to better manage their partners through the introduction of reliable systems , processes and procedures for VBG with them .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
best bin first is a search algorithm that is designed to RB find an JJ solution to the nearest neighbor search problem in JJ spaces .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
extended unemployment benefits usually lead to the higher unemployment as well but it can be good for the economy , because JJ people can VB more in gaining skills and knowledge and pursuing for the better NNS that it could be possible if benefits had not been in place .	2	4	VBP	lead	leads
for these new users , the method by which we move pages is completely unclear , and there is nothing obvious indicating how they should do it .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS are accepted , but those NNS who need a NN to enter the NNP area need a NN NN to visit NNP , because entering NNP means leaving the NNP area .	7	17	VBP	need	needs
other NN systems lie in the vicinity , including the NNP NNP to the southeast and NNP NNP to the northeast .	2	3	VBP	lie	lie
it is unfortunate that the only way to get you to communicate properly is to block your bot for several days .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
the boys soccer team leads the NNP in conference titles with back to back ( CD ) records in conference play in 2006 and 2007 .	3	4	VBZ	leads	lead
christian community is often subject to violent NN from JJ hindu activists .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a juvenile NN tells them that the girls should switch lives for a while to experience the other girl 's life .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
officially the correct title is the NNP stadium at lang park .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP ran for secretary of state on the NN that there was widespread fraud in the NN of the 2008 senate election and a requirement that voters show a photo id to vote .	26	27	VBP	show	shows
the ladies win the indoor NNP title for the third time in five years .	1	2	VBP	win	wins
the walls are mostly of NN , but number 25 ( shorter than its neighbours , with only two NNS ) has some mathematical tiles which have been painted over .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as a general rule , NNP administrators require students to take the appropriate ap exam in the course in which they 've enrolled during the month of may .	6	7	VBP	require	requires
nearest airport from NNP is NNP and kolkata a ride of approximately 3 and half hours , by train and approximately 4 to CD in bus .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
RB , when a NN reads an issue statement that is either VBN as JJ or overly JJ , the item receives a low rating .	20	21	VBZ	receives	receive
and , in many cases , those digital signals have fundamental frequencies well into the NN range , and beyond .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the name is not common , but is well known in central europe , especially in the czech republic and other countries that were part of the JJ empire .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site occupied by the current science building is on the location of the original high school main building , built by w .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
in contrast , the NNP system consists of an external NN NN NN with an internal NN that is used RB without the need for a NN .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
he acts on the assumption that many investors make their decisions not according to their own NNS of an asset 's worth but by VBG the conclusions of other market participants .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
the JJ side and NNP is one and the same .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
film NNS of a number of JJ novels capture the JJ sense of NN VBN by NNP and NNP .	1	8	VBP	capture	captures
the case for canada 's oil sands is a book written by canadian lawyer , NN host and NN NNP NNP , which makes a case for VBG the NNP oil sands and its sister projects in alberta .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
they may or may not be armed , but armed ones tend to look like actual NNS of old , with multiple weapon systems and gun NNS .	10	11	VBP	tend	tends
the breakdown voltage of a NN is the minimum reverse voltage to make the NN conduct in reverse .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS of a troubled NNP the writers who claim NNP as a strong influence are chuck NNP , author of fight club and NNP NNP iii , author of house of sand and NNP .	0	14	VBP	are	is
however , a temporary library is in use , and the construction of the new buildings has begun .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
excavations suggest that the great NN , a reception area for NNS , may originally have been a cemetery .	0	1	VBP	suggest	suggests
however , the NNS are more effective and the sky over NNP is clear , and the raid is RB successful .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
also , NNP 's chief executive , david richards , has experience as a formula one team principal '' .	5	10	VBZ	has	have
the villages within this municipality include NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the streams of NNP creek , long branch and taylor branch run through this township .	1	11	VBP	run	runs
a few steam locomotives , however , operate still from NNP .	3	7	VBP	operate	operates
the reason for this is that an JJ block , or an JJ speedy deletion , can drive a user away .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
first NNP ministry is the JJ ministry of the government of new south wales , and was led by the JJ premier morris NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the officers of this NN are responsible to maintain the assets of the electrical department in indian railways .	1	5	VBP	are	is
with shorter ranges , the range resolution gets NN .	6	7	VBZ	gets	get
the personal NNS are , in origin , personal NNS [ lewis , viii , 3 in both editions ] .	2	3	VBP	are	is
social worker , NNP , VBZ to move the family to an JJ neighbourhood hoping that the change in social environment will have a positive effect on the problematic family .	1	5	VBZ	proposes	propose
as the mass being VBN per year is a only small fraction of the total mass of the earth , it is fair to say that the earth is close to being a closed system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the world is definitely ready for these beautiful girls to hit the stage and kill it on screen .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
conversion from heat ( thermal energy ) to mechanical or electrical energy is unfortunately RB JJ , so that even a good modern JJ power station has an efficiency of only about 40 per cent .	25	26	VBZ	has	have
the call letters stand for businessman frank a .	2	3	VBP	stand	stands
there is already a healthy class of VBG users who do VBG and NN ; the only new thing this proposal introduces is the power for arbcom members to VB extra status on users in their interest .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
whilst lack of google hits in itself is not JJ , for a notable computer simulation , which by the refs is around 5 years old , to have no online presence is highly unlikely .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
ancient JJ languages include NNP ( continental ) and NNP ( british isles ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
today the line runs between terminal stations at NNP ( a short distance from the palace pier ) and black rock ( at black rock , not far from brighton marina ) , with an intermediate station and depot at NNP place ( now known as halfway ) .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
it is believed that such a use constitutes fair use , but that its use in other articles or for other purposes may not constitute fair use .	6	7	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
she grants his prayer , and the statue , NNP , has a daughter with him , NNP .	7	11	VBZ	has	have
christian churches and groups have 29 , 000 missionaries in the state including the clergy .	1	4	VBP	have	has
NNS of love , little NNS and long letters make for a JJ plot , full of observations about the psychology of women that are still valid .	0	9	VBP	make	makes
the game is essentially a home version of NNP 's arcade game run and gun , which featured similar graphics and gameplay but no nba license .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wikiproject canada , while a good place for discussion , RB needs to VB or VB its child projects .	6	11	VBZ	needs	need
the video also features actor NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
this page ( last updated in january 2013 ) says that the article is second geneva convention , which has a category for each of the 200 or so countries that VBD it .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
JJ groups , as defined in the radical right , are normally called `` JJ '' , according to NNP webb , `` radical right is commonly , but not completely , used to describe JJ organizations such as the christian crusade and john NNP society .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
almost all JJ NN NNS are JJ in water at standard temperature and pressure .	4	5	VBP	are	is
it is hard to see why a small valley in austria with a JJ name that is not mentioned in the german wikipedia is notable enough for us to include .	8	23	VBZ	is	are
both species have short NNS , RB long and broad rounded wings , and JJ bodies .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a simple twist of fate is a 1994 american NN film directed by NNP NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
dry streams and some small flowing streams exist throughout the NNP .	1	7	VBP	exist	exists
at an JJ sales meeting watson interrupted , saying the trouble with everyone of us is that we do n't think enough .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
isbn CD some NNP programs that benefit native americans are the job corps , neighborhood youth corps , operation NNP , vista , legal services and the community action programs .	4	9	VBP	are	is
the wings are variable in color , of a NN NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP code is still CD but does not have the name of the municipality on its exterior of the building .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the english section holds more than 37 , CD books including both reference fiction and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
possible complications of acute JJ NN include JJ failure and JJ NN .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
prime example - the four users edit the same pages , and in a span of seven minutes three of the users edited the page , adding false information without sources ; the NN is that the edit summary was the exact same for two of them .	5	6	VBP	edit	edit
coastal NNS play a major role in today 's society because it is a part of human nature to live near or along the coast .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
these monk seals are a conservation NN endangered species .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her reputation is already in NNS and she 's an NN in her community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and for deck the halls , the common NN is deck the halls with poison NNS VBP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the station also has a taxi stand and a park and ride car park .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP theorem , by , uses the NNP characteristic to show that such a NN must always exist .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use
since the keyboard is NNP and the mouse is NNP , the keyboard usually wins and gets in first .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one language being VBN into modern english and another into NN NN NNP is not what i was meaning either .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the faculty offers JJ research programmes in germanic and romance NN ( 6 NNS of professional NNS including writing and public defense of candidate NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the only issue i see here is that the act of NN itself could be seen as introducing original research into the article .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a JJ dictionary definition of NN , due to the NN NN , is sexual or romantic attraction to two NNS ( males and females ) , or to two NNS ( men and women ) .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
the major functions are NNP NNP , celebrating his NN and NNP NNP , a festival of six days celebrating his victory over NNP , an NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the european history is well known in general , but some parts about the NNPS , RB bosnia and herzegovina are not .	11	20	VBP	are	is
according to the 2002 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
a page on NNP , complex iii of electron transport chain , contains JJ JJ structures of complex iii which may be used to study the JJ structures of complex iii and the mechanism of the q cycle .	1	12	VBZ	contains	contain
the most important factor is the opponent 's speed .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
sources are not significant enough to demonstrate notability .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the first NN agreement goes back to CD and was drawn up during the time of archbishop friedrich i of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
NNP where the name is most common .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
canada is unusual among developed countries in the importance of its primary sector , in which the logging and petroleum industries are two of the most important .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the video ends with a phone call from her supposed `` boyfriend '' making an excuse about why he has n't called her , and she VBZ up on him , VBG .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
hospital for special surgery ( NNP ) is a hospital in new york city that specializes in JJ surgery and the treatment of NN conditions .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the town is also accessible by bus , on the line st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
recently , the building has JJ extensive NNS , both inside and out , VBG its place as one of the most attractive and productive buildings on NNP avenue .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the entrance is in the normally dry stream bed of NNP beck , midway between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP corporation , with the additional involvement of NNP NNP and the australian government , has sought to build a gas industrial complex and those in opposition believe that such a development VBZ the region .	32	33	VBZ	threatens	threaten
the JJ nerve is responsible for JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first floor windows are long NNS with decorative NNS and the second floor windows are long JJ windows .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the building is CD ( CD ) high in total ; the east tower is about CD ( CD ) and the west about CD ( CD ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP liverpool local history website shows a lot of the developments that changed NNP the village into NNP the estate with photographs and documents from CD onwards .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
the song has a very high reputation and often features in polls of the best eurovision entries of all time .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
kim 's stated goal is `` to introduce the sound of traditional korean music to a global audience .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the game starts to get difficult to call people out , the players should be encouraged to get more JJ so that it is more difficult to stop on time .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
although `` straight edge '' gets the most attention , NNP wrote other songs with minor threat describing his clean lifestyle as well , most notably `` out of step ( with the world ) , '' in which he said `` i do n't smoke .	3	5	VBZ	gets	get
the project is open to involvement from other editors , although it is important to respect the students ' need to obtain a grade for their work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most popular gauge is JJ gauge ( and the closely related JJ NNP gauge ) , in which the retained NNS are the JJ NNS VBP and NNP , which VBZ exactly to the JJ potential energy from JJ gravity .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
their own history page only mentions youth teams , and their tournaments page only JJ competitions .	3	5	VBZ	mentions	mention
the regiment consists of 23 battalions ; 15 regular units , three NNP rifles units , three infantry battalions of the territorial army and two battalion of NNP scouts .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
some are brick or wooden NNS , but on most modern walls , the material most often used is a thick NN board with holes VBN into it .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
agree with NNP that the stub needs to be better VBN out for the notability to be apparent .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
the local youth who are trained to operate the schools are social workers and teachers , teaching NN and health care , literacy and hindu nationalism .	9	10	VBP	are	is
NN was the seat of the family of william NNP who built a great house , although the original date of construction is uncertain .	19	22	VBZ	is	are
banks generally use it systems available from various NNS to record and VB the information , and these systems have VBN .	0	2	VBP	use	uses
JJR NNS ( VBN personal NNS , with charges VBN at a low level ) are a form of pension arrangement designed to be easily JJ and available .	5	15	VBP	are	is
it reads if the event is significant , and if the individual 's role within it is substantial , a separate article for the person may be appropriate .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the route heads northwest to cairo .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
climate conference in NNP begins on december 3 to reach formal decisions regarding the NNP protocol .	1	4	VBZ	begins	begin
she finds a NN book of press NNS surrounding victor 's death in NNP ' kitchen NN and VBZ that her new friend is responsible for his demise .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the reason that NNS are to be avoided is that when you have a template which calls many other templates that is used on many pages updates to the template can cause significant server load .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN is a teacher , administrator , coach , or other person in authority employed by or serving in a school for which the state board of education NNS minimum standards JJ to division ( d ) of section CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town also contains a hamlet named big NNS .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the frame incorporates an JJ NNP rail VBD to the top of the receiver to accept various optical NNS .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
NNP entered a long decline while the islands in the NNP that NNP controlled earlier seem to have become independent .	7	15	VBP	seem	seems
a real NN is not a real encyclopedic subject by itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the yield of NN in 2004 is 87 , CD tons .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this category is for college football at georgia state university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while the song is about a fictional person , it VBZ the NN of the long island NNP ( known locally as NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the bombers and fighters combined claim 37 german aircraft shot down , six probably shot down , and 20 damaged .	1	5	VBP	claim	claims
the other type of JJ information is moral NN which VBZ from the lack of information about the JJ behavior of the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it 's not clear if the author means that this term `` is rarely heard in the united states but is used in other countries '' or if he 's VBG this is a NN .	6	7	VBZ	means	mean
NNP series articles for this topic , which is comprised of one series article , ten game articles , one media list , and one character article , of which only three are fa , and three more are ga .	2	38	VBP	are	is
this mechanism is a form of plate NN where a thin , hot layer of JJ NN is VBN over NN and NN RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the influence of the NNP school is evident in these NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
his edits can be seen as essentially promoting the guru and subsequently the entry reads at times like an NN .	13	14	VBZ	reads	read
when the flag drops , the NN stops .	2	3	VBZ	drops	drop
NNS made by soil NNS ( these also break up the NN form ) allow the depth of the water to be read by the visitor to the site .	0	8	VBP	break	breaks
in NNP cells , the addition of an NNP NN or an NNP NN in excess dramatically increases the rate of NNP NN .	5	17	VBZ	increases	increase
he then joined the NNP knights , serving as NNS coach and special teams coordinator from 2004 to 2007 and defensive coordinator from 2008 to 2010 .	9	10	VBP	coach	coaches
languages differ in whether most elements of NN proper names are VBN ( american english has house of representatives , in which JJ words are VBN ) or only the initial element ( as in NNP NNP NNP , `` national assembly '' ) .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
the magazine 's american counterpart is the film comment , a journal published by the film society of lincoln center in new york city .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
rows of passenger seats and low coffee tables fill the inner NNS .	0	8	VBP	fill	fills
despite originally being blue and white , the club has adopted a distinctive blue and amber colour scheme since the 1970s , which many supporters feel is a unique and distinctive part of the club .	24	25	VBP	feel	feels
NNP 's life in brazil ; the book is titled `` indian NNP in brazil '' VBN by rev .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
whether they have a pro or JJ consumer bias is another matter , and can be dealt with in an individual case by presenting other sources that also edit the material they get , such as reliable newspapers .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
trivia sections are VBN and the note i imagine is to ward off multiple additions to the article in said south park and family guy references .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the goal of each stage is to plant all of the bombs before their collective NN goes off .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the act ends with both mr .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
of all the services , only NN is available in every country the company operates in .	13	14	VBZ	operates	operate
the company sells its services through its primary operating companies of NNP freight , NNP NNP and NNP worldwide .	1	2	VBZ	sells	sell
containing over 1500 articles about the history of NNP , the society 's JJ journal , the NNP local historian , is the major historical resource for the town and has been published quarterly since its inception in 1970 .	14	21	VBZ	is	are
this NN grows in desert habitat , such as desert NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
the code is fully uploaded to shut him down and the virus VBZ him .	11	12	VBZ	destroys	destroy
other important NNS developed in the last three decades include feminist therapy , brief therapy , NNP psychology , NNP therapy , applied positive psychology and the human NNP approach which is building on the best of what has gone before .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
since coordinates are not `` synthetic '' , one VBZ them by fixing a line and two points on it , and considering the linear system of all NNS passing through those points as the basic object of study .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the retired banner is because i have effectively retired .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the firm owns the NNP NN brand .	1	2	VBZ	owns	own
in industry , people discovered a good while ago that it is not a good idea to think you know better than the consumers of your product what your consumers need .	29	30	VBP	need	needs
this work is still in the market .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the trade body for foundation NNS and NNS VBG to ft status is the foundation trust network ( NNP ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
another proposed new feature is the addition of line breaks without requiring either an empty line or the use of html .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
bus routes are transport for london 33 , CD and CD ; all of which serve upper richmond road west .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in JJ mathematics , a NNP NN of order k is a NN of the NN 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
distribution of this NNP grass species is widespread including the eastern and western NNS of north america , parts of south america , and NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
but at the end the father reveals that he was just VBG them .	5	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the road then turns southeast , crossing the NNP NNP before reaching NNP , meeting u .	1	3	VBZ	turns	turn
the NN supports NNP NN , so the user may use the video NN VBD from the internet .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
certainly if half of what is claimed is true there should be more out there .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the body often kills damaged cells by NN , a mechanism of NN that involves NNS , but this mechanism fails in cancer cells where the NN are shut down .	1	3	VBZ	kills	kill
if the JJ section VBZ the central body , then the actual NN can only be the part above the surface , but for that part the orbit equation and many related NNS still apply , as long as it is a NN ( situation of NN ) .	3	4	VBZ	intersects	intersect
in most series this process continues until only two contestants and the NNP remain .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the portraits show that she had blue eyes .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the arena now uses artificial grass and the capacity has decreased from 19 , CD to 17 , CD spectators .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
NNP 's super NNP , '' a video features segment , was VBN with its new name `` NNP NNP '' ( the NNP poet ) , where NNP NNP goes on streets to bring information to its viewers .	7	8	VBZ	features	feature
but if their nominations start to suffer from rushed or NN reasoning , they should definitely consider VBG down .	3	4	VBP	start	starts
in lords of NNP , the players are powerful lords trying to control the city of NNP by gaining control of its NNS and resources through NN and NN or taken by force .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the town has a sense of humor .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNP is not even notable should he be convicted of murder , as murders are fairly regular in the perth area .	14	15	VBP	are	is
weak keep a google search indicates that the phrase is in wide use in many areas , not just economics .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
keep a tv show is always notable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the boy she likes only uses her for sex and other teenage girls VBP her RB .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use
at the moment , my only source says that there was a story but not where it comes from .	6	7	VBZ	says	say
since all the quantities involved are relative quantities , NN mechanics can be thought of as taking NN theory to its natural limit .	3	5	VBP	are	is
the magazine covers all levels and leagues involved in junior hockey , the politics VBG its players , families and fans .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
to VB what i 've posted before , i expect that my fellow admins respect my decisions at drv enough to offer their objections on my talk page before they take actions to VB it .	13	14	VBP	respect	respects
in a democracy , the only thing that is secret is the ballot .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the reason for wanting a less steep analog JJ filter is that the digital filter is not subject to any component variations thus always giving the filter response ( VBG function ) that the designer has chosen .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the lines of NN or NN lines are curves which are always JJ to a principal direction ( they are integral curves for the principal direction fields ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the college has a decent campus , VBN with JJ JJ facilities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a JJ finish provides a smooth , JJ ( `` NN '' ) , JJ surface .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
we note as well that whereas not all categories have the NN criteria , they all have verification criteria that RB VBP the fact and spirit of the NN content .	8	9	VBP	have	has
keep the article is JJ with reliable ( even well-known ) sources , many of which are JJ coverage of mr .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , further heating is possible ( with pressure ) if the matter VBZ a phase change into a JJ plasma .	12	13	VBZ	undergoes	undergo
NNP 's classical name is `` JJ NN NN '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
awards include idea , good design , red dot , NNP , NNP national design NNP , and the ten NNP team award .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
your NN against the artists is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the passage '' is the tenth episode of the third season from the science fiction television series NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a moderate load makes for high efficiency .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
chemical power sources work by forming and breaking chemical bonds , and nuclear power sources work by breaking ( NN ) and forming ( fusion ) nuclear bonds .	14	15	VBP	work	works
in other words , the diamond net of which NNP speaks is the logical categories according to which we understand our experience , making our JJ observations JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
not all groups accept soviet control , and the soviets deal with this on a JJ basis .	2	3	VBP	accept	accepts
the surface charge of the NN plays an important role in NN consistency .	2	6	VBZ	plays	play
the author does nothing despite multiple NNS from different reviewers .	1	2	VBZ	does	do
NNS provide JJ support in their NN direction , which can be used to keep two other components separate , performing the opposite function of a tie .	0	1	VBP	provide	provides
SYM - contract with the silver tribe contains 4 NNS .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
use of the term has since rapidly spread around the world , particularly among academics , to identify moving image and sound work by visual artists - a popular development VBG only RB recently in the mid to late twentieth century .	0	4	VBZ	has	have
for the acceptance , the essential requirement is that the parties had each from a subjective perspective engaged in conduct VBG their NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
elsewhere , metric distances are in very wide use , though not universal .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a google web search and google books search shows that no reliable source makes any reference to this NN ' .	3	8	VBZ	shows	show
in NNP 's NNP valley , NN trees tend to retain their old , dead leaves , VBG them an JJ appearance .	7	8	VBP	tend	tends
if the community has a real good reason for wanting this to end then fine - lets have that community wide conversation as was done over the user boxes .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the following list of specific uses is far from comprehensive .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are expected to be very reliable , and their lead is break proof .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the young snakes are 13 to 17 cm at birth and eat small NNS , NNS and insects .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a staff of three JJ volunteers manages and VBZ the list .	1	6	VBZ	manages	manage
but changing things round here is always a matter of being bold and talking at the same time .	2	3	VBP	round	rounds
unlike the VBN tribal traditions about NNP recorded before smith and jury , the orthodox version is precise in terms of dates and in offering NNS in NNP where NNP is supposed to have lived or departed from .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the JJ JJ theatre helps students to VB their academic and cultural capabilities .	3	4	VBZ	helps	help
the college 's website given on this page has nothing .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
the river flows through lake gardner and NNP pond , which are two of several inland bodies of water in town , including lake NNP ( which is partially in NNP ) , NNP pond , and NNP pond .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
i do n't think this sort of NN and NN that is generated by the festival of light does anything to further this move .	5	18	VBZ	does	do
the reality is that interest wise this item is very JJ and beyond romania there will be little or no interest .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the demand for ethnic foods in the united states reflects the nation 's changing diversity as well as its development over time .	1	9	VBZ	reflects	reflect
work by a staff writer on a site with editors and the like is also likely reliable .	0	13	VBZ	is	are
the discovery of an JJ egyptian tomb of this significance is a very rare occurrence .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN of city complex provided a natural NN spanning 60 meters higher than the surrounding areas while two rivers form the west and south provided protection .	20	21	VBP	form	forms
such JJ NNS have NNS of all orders .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the candy has a hard , smooth NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
dna sequences or organic compounds such as proteins are the result of atoms RB combining to form more complex structures .	1	8	VBP	are	is
its JJ qualities make it an JJ NN .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
delete other than being pushed by NNP , this person is a nobody , and the article has RB been created by her NNS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
current leader is lawyer NNP NNP who is known for human rights trials .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the hospital has 2 , CD employees , among them CD are senior doctors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the picture you put in place there is totally JJ , so i combined the 2 in what i consider the best option .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
males are larger than females in wing length , weight , and NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the event takes its name from the ritual of burning a large wooden sculpture of a man on the sixth day .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the game also has a JJ NN mode allowing JJ play for all but two missions from NNP leader .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the current head coach of the NNP is jason NNP , who was hired on april 21 , 2010 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP , the NN has been studied so extensively afterwards that the statement probably is true nonetheless , even when the pressure suit had been originally invented earlier .	12	14	VBZ	is	are
this theme is present in notable renaissance plays such as NNP , by ben NNP , and the NNP of the NNP by william shakespeare .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN is that if no one drops out of the race , and the voters are JJ to switch sides , NN can RB go on forever .	15	16	VBP	are	is
a JJ expression of lutheran views is said to have caused his departure from oxford and even his imprisonment , but the records are silent on these NNS which do not VB with his appointment as master of the royal foundation at NNP .	22	23	VBP	are	is
jefferson 's reputation as the `` most VBN town in texas '' attracts amateur and professional ghost hunters of all ages , and the `` ghost train '' is highly popular .	26	28	VBZ	is	are
a buddhist monk is the first person to be charged under a strict JJ law in NNP , introduced in 2005 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the band 's philosophy is to have a NN for the 21st century world .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
after a series of events NNP 's family accepts NNP RB in their family .	7	8	VBZ	accepts	accept
the station traces its roots to experimental television station NNP , which was put on the air by the radio corporation of america , the JJ company of nbc , in 1939 .	1	2	VBZ	traces	trace
NNP 's user page is apparently still being used like that , so i just wanted to bring that to your attention .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
currently four computer programs exist which play at a level very close to that of the best players .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
the tour of the NNP des nations - built in the 1930s for the league of nations - includes meeting rooms such as the assembly hall , the human rights and alliance of NNP room , the NNP des NNP NNP , the council chamber .	1	18	VBZ	includes	include
NNP railway station serves NNP in kent , england .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
ed community says they think NNP may be behind this NN as well '' .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the western plateau region has rivers such as the NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
one way to use the JJ NN is to first discover all the frequent items in a JJ fashion .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
e-mail addresses are very easy to get and use , folks .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the original NNP and NNP stories , superman 's personality is rough and aggressive .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
in particular , JJ JJ relevant ideals of k [ v ] are JJ with lines through the origin of v .	6	12	VBP	are	is
each military district has its civilian counterpart among the regions of finland , which VBZ the JJ cooperation in total defence .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
though officially VBN , the northwestern portion of the span is a popular platform for bridge diving and jumping into the water below '' bridge jumping VBN on cape NNP '' , cbc news , july 22 , 2003 .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the main deity , shiva is in the form of NNP NNP facing east .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
other NNS and formats are optional .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the cooperative education department at bear creek offers a NN of placement opportunities for students .	3	7	VBZ	offers	offer
cast member '' RB leaves the house .	1	4	VBZ	leaves	leave
i do n't see how the claim that `` all NNS are either NNS or NNS '' is important to the article .	6	17	VBZ	is	are
the shell is often VBN with spiral lines of minute NNS , and textile bars are absent .	14	15	VBP	are	is
i fully agree that , VB , if an anon is responsible for a single act of vandalism but reverts it , he can go without a warning .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it is not VB i think that all the big JJ NNS seem to be approaching it in the same JJ way .	11	12	VBP	seem	seems
the idea for a NN festival was originally started by nato ( north american NNP organization ) at mad river glen in vermont and organizations such as net ( new england NNP ) and others now run festivals all around the u .	24	36	VBP	run	runs
i hope this editor is not an editor at NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the ward includes the JJ city centre community around the NNP , as well as many new city centre apartments .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
its smooth cap features a particularly thick layer of flesh , and often has an VBN margin .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the final movement , the last verse of the NN `` NNP NN NNP JJ NN '' ( when my hour is come ) by NNP herman , VBZ the desire to die , to follow jesus in NN .	2	28	VBZ	expresses	express
i originally thought it was a simple case of edit warring ( see the JJ noticeboard discussion here ) , but this user appears to be VBG ips rapidly to restore their version of the article ( which contains multiple grammar , spelling , and style errors ) .	22	23	VBZ	appears	appear
his most infamous team is a few dangerous NNP , a squadron of his three ( well sort of ) most powerful warriors .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
what is important here is whether those publications make enough of an impact to make the author notable .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
the other team then makes a bid on how many right answers they can give .	2	4	VBZ	makes	make
the building sits at the intersection of 4th and centre streets , across from another historic court house ( c .	1	2	VBZ	sits	sit
NN rates also depend on the type of apparatus used for the process .	1	3	VBP	depend	depends
since the NNP NN project covers several miles of the NNP river 's bank , it is increasing the total length of the river .	4	5	VBZ	covers	cover
the album is a fusion of classical musical techniques with country , folk and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
perhaps you should VB that section until better sources come along .	8	9	VBP	come	comes
so if the question is keep or delete then i say NNS on the side of NN and keep .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
however , a hero named NNP sets out to destroy the machines and save humanity .	3	6	VBZ	sets	set
the island 's ancient names are NNP , NNP , NNP NNP and NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
his daughter , NNP , is a NN at NNP 's establishment , and is VBN by her favourite client , NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , NNP texts document that people other than JJ men , such as NNS and women , did NN , even if this mention is only one of NN .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
all publicly funded primary and secondary schools are comprehensive .	6	7	VBP	are	is
until you know that the sound level is safe , you should wear hearing protection while VBG .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
more people want to find out more .	1	2	VBP	want	wants
american NNP NNP '' ) this JJ feels that every article needs a good NN to make it complete .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
the subject of the bio seems to VB some of the statements made in regard to her ( despite appearing in reliable sources ) - i propose deletion of this bio as a solution .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
creation date of this NN is unknown , even the creator itself does n't remember .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP path control is via RB VBN NNP style NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film ends with NNP ( who had never learned to read or write ) VBG harry to write to a mail order company to order the red NN they had set their hearts on .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
a minor storyline occurs when a JJ man accidentally leaves his NN on a bus .	7	9	VBZ	leaves	leave
the school has an JJ enrollment of 2 , 800 students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
romance town VBZ around a girl named NNP .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
their leader is an JJ man called priest who is helped by a NN student called NNP in his plans .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as a NNP , the game starts in the NNS , where a NN is proving himself strong and fit enough for the rank of elite .	5	6	VBZ	starts	start
however , sometimes some endangered historic properties are harder to sell than others and VBG , VBG and maintaining them takes money out of the fund .	6	7	VBP	are	is
following her rescue , there remains a close and JJ friendship with the two , most notably when NNP arrives to his hotel room for comfort following her father 's arrest and her sad NN when she believes cooper is leaving twin peaks for good .	7	19	VBZ	arrives	arrive
west of the south NN ( 1830 ) half of an NN CD NN is still visible .	8	14	VBZ	is	are
that decision lacks historical perspective , if it is not outright pov .	1	2	VBZ	lacks	lack
indigenous politician in NNP , most of her article appears to be copyvio [ 2 ] .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the advanced JJ NNP design is unlikely to have been able to VB this problem .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the third part resembles the first one , but deals with the statue becoming a world symbol .	2	3	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the song is a piano ballad , that features NN and steel guitar NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
han han said that NNP NNS live in the area between NNP desert and NNP river , north to NNP , NNP .	5	6	VBP	live	lives
the town hall continues to serve as the administrative headquarters for the government of NNP , massachusetts .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
today , JJ steel tracks and NN wheels allow NNS to travel over , while even NN , faster , and more complex roller NNS continue to be built .	4	8	VBP	allow	allows
there is absolutely no reason to suspect sock NN here ; the edits from both users look substantially different .	12	16	VBP	look	looks
an official video release is currently available via the criterion collection .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
whenever one or more editors are willing to providing reliable sources and maintain the article , they can be VBN or recreated .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the reason is that , VBG , a loop is proportional to the NN constant ( following the example above ) of one of the NNP ( 2 ) groups .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if another editor wants to put up the page as a `` proposed guideline '' to get either a decisive NN or acceptance , that would perhaps be reasonable in my opinion .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the principal example is the NNP NN , named after NNP , massachusetts where they were introduced .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
note that JJ licenses are not suitable for free use of an image .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the centre of NNP village has a bowling green .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
inside the old part of town , which is quiet and JJ , the principal building of note is the church of st .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
the scholarship includes a number of JJ opportunities such as several summer programs , among them a JJ international study program for language NN and academic or professional advancement and `` JJ '' NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
in the event a language name is also the name used to refer to the people ( i .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN VBZ them from rain and predators .	1	2	VBZ	protects	protect
palestinian testimony is a unique contribution to scholarship on the creation of the state of israel and the refugee crisis '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this page attempts to organize and keep track of the articles on poland and polish related subjects on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	attempts	attempt
this JJ [ [ lake ] ] was so named by [ [ united kingdom antarctic NNP committee ] ] ( NNP ) because the lake slowly changes shape and size as the retaining land ice gradually VBZ .	25	27	VBZ	changes	change
pain scales are available for NNS , NNS , children , NNS , adults , NNS , and persons whose communication is VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the whole site now covers .	2	4	VBZ	covers	cover
however , not all people agree with him on this , so here are some passages of relevant biblical NN ( from the new international version ) , and it is left to the reader as to whether the teachings of JJ ethics are biblical or not .	4	5	VBP	agree	agrees
the history begins by describing how NNP approached NNP with a proposal to write a book on the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
in summers , many metropolitan residents drive to their NNS in NNP and further west .	5	6	VBP	drive	drives
VBN quotes are ok by me .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a NN makes a good focus aid .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the article definitely needs NNS , probably these NNS .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
new evidence found by members of the public in response to the appeal appears in the oxford english dictionary .	1	13	VBZ	appears	appear
move under ground is a horror novel NN by nick NNP which combines the beat style of jack NNP with the cosmic horror of h .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
many NN species he discovered carry the NN NNP .	2	5	VBP	carry	carries
in the case of JJ systems the NNS are terms built with logical NNS and the only NN rule is JJ NNS .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the birds mainly VBP dense NN in the interior of the islands , particularly above CD .	1	3	VBP	inhabit	inhabits
now i live in NNP portugal , maybe my work is something for the users of wikipedia and the young ones !	9	10	VBZ	is	are
currently , the only news broadcaster in english is media plus .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
as in other NN fish , males are one tenth the size of females and , after a NN and JJ JJ stage , spend the rest of their life RB attached to a female .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the entire route offers scenic views of JJ VBN mountains in western north carolina .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the game also features JJ comedy .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
established in 1997 through the transfer of functions and staff from the former higher education quality council and the quality assessment divisions of NNP and NNP , this independent agency works to ensure that higher education qualifications in the united kingdom ( uk ) are of a sound standard .	29	30	VBZ	works	work
the NNP section 's selection process is currently arbitrary , little understood and poorly participated in .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
references use wiki NN , not html .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the general idea behind green echo 's music is solely based on NN and NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire as an example , he VBZ how the form , NN , and presentation of any writing necessarily shape the way a reader receives the facts .	32	33	VBZ	receives	receive
NN cables are dirt cheap from NN , but the CD version only comes in NN .	11	13	VBZ	comes	come
a RB concrete structure , the lighthouse VBZ on a stone foundation .	3	7	VBZ	rests	rest
the NNP pistol is an example of this as it was developed in NNP and later produced in south africa , being intended for military and police duty .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the user argued that blogs are not reliable sources .	4	5	VBP	are	is
other sources that you provided are JJ and radical sources .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the album VBZ JJ music and features coleman 's JJ approach to NN with his band , which he originally introduced on his 1975 album dancing in your head .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
the JJ NNP exhibits display the areas fossil history .	3	4	VBP	display	displays
this problem is a case of NN of JJ NN NN problems with NNS without limiting the number of the moves .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
district judge is the title given to two different categories of judges .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such an observation led him to the conclusion that neither NNS nor NNS , located in the outer NN , are necessary for JJ NN and that a third class of NN exists in the JJ eye .	10	20	VBP	are	is
households are able to generate their own electricity and use the electrical grid for support and reliability .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the nearest main towns are high NNP , windsor , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP 's next mission involves NNP NNP , a dutch male JJ star who is found by los angeles police VBG naked with a bag containing fifty JJ magazines and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
when symptoms VBP beyond several NNS and NNS , other forms of therapy may also be needed .	1	2	VBP	persist	persists
city leaders are proud of the fact that the national problem of juvenile NN has not affected the city .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the bordered box around the translation makes it JJ even in NN .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
if your readers do n't know what these words mean , they should take lessons in basic english .	8	9	VBP	mean	means
for example , the JJ rules that VBP lgbt clergy in some NNS come from interpretation of the epic NNP .	5	13	VBP	come	comes
because of the arrangement of the mountain ranges VBG the NNS , the upper end of NNP inlet is only about from the nearest waters of knight inlet , but much RBR from NNP inlet .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
the only person who could VB on whether he considered his NN to be primarily english or british is tony scott himself and RB he is no longer with us so we will never know .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
in british television , `` serial '' is also JJ with the american term `` NNS '' a JJ series with one title and plot .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP manuscript is a generic term and i 've said it over and over .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several theories suggest skull NN created an ethnic identity , formed the individual into a social being , or may have illustrated social status .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the film depicts the willie and martin VBP companies and their struggles and witnessed NNS as they travelled across the plains to salt lake city in 1856 .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
some students qualify to take a JJ study hall instead of music .	1	2	VBP	qualify	qualifies
waste is also a prevalent issue because of the NN amount that is generated annually by the guests and the resort itself .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
portrait of NNP NNP is an oil painting by italian artist NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , that same election saw seven such NNS pass ; these seven included an amendment in virginia which banned civil unions as well as same-sex marriages .	8	9	VBP	pass	passes
the women 's team plays in the turkish women 's third league .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
the school has a large football and soccer field .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most crowned JJ combination is italian duo NNP NNP and NNP rode and brazilian duo robert NNP and bruno NNP with three titles each .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a gaming computer is a standard desktop computer that typically has NN hardware , such as a more powerful video card , processor , and memory , in order to handle the requirements of demanding video games .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
nowadays the most famous and quality products producers are `` m .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the page , nick NNP , needs to go back through drv before it can go back live .	1	6	VBZ	needs	need
the biggest advantage in using NN in NNP is that NN does not leave any JJ chemical like NN leaves or NN leaves .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP version of the game is also a beat PRP up game , but closer in style and gameplay to the double dragon series .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
their new name in chinese , NN ( NNP ) , is a NN to their new home county .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
as for the question whether my statement about his past behavior is correct or not , i might be wrong about that and i maybe confused NNP with one other user .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the subjective assertion of NN advanced by editors supporting deletion is insufficient to VB this NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
apparently , an image control acts as a submit button .	4	5	VBZ	acts	act
the components known as serial attached NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) facilitate communication between large numbers of NNP devices .	1	12	VBP	facilitate	facilitates
the JJ aspects of this are the complex concepts present in the game .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the phrase `` god helps those who help themselves '' is a popular motto that VBZ the importance of JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the industrial kind is also that found in chemistry labs .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS , but i fail to see how JJ events are different than monday night football games or friday night fights .	9	10	VBP	are	is
tibetan NN , but the content is really minimum .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
he is among the NNS and loved ones attacked by the legion of doom , a similar character named howard NNP appears in the squadron supreme series as the aged husband of power princess ( taking the NN age difference even further ) .	17	21	VBZ	appears	appear
newer JJ NNS with the same mechanism of action include NN , NN and NN .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
this template VBZ how a NN animal is essentially a set of JJ tubes , with a gap between the NN and the outer tubes .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
little now remains of the old lock gates , wooden as they were , although the infrastructure is still evident .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
vampire NNS are the only mammals that feed exclusively on blood .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the change in temperatures has a major effect on the tropical NNP ; some say more negative then NN .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
i think the rank NNS are as they are simple JJ shapes .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this adds a star next to the language link on the NN so editors can see that it is featured and may have lots of useful information ( a project exists to identify NNP in other languages , wikiproject echo ) .	29	30	VBZ	exists	exist
all rooms have windows facing east and west .	1	2	VBP	have	has
similarly , NNS are often organized by their surname in JJ order , a JJ yet still arbitrary method , at least in cases where NNS are irrelevant .	25	26	VBP	are	is
one example is the NNP family of NNP , specifically NNP has been found to VB several factors involved in NN , NN , and NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the language is unclear ( `` pollution '' and `` NN '' are VBN and VBN , `` gets '' and `` gains '' are VBN and VBN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this division has JJ origins as does the division into two municipalities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this church has the largest intact JJ ecclesiastical interior in its original location in america .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the system operates the georgia virtual technical connection , a NN for online technical courses .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
NNP ( NNP table songs ) are also underway .	4	6	VBP	are	is
its mission is the tracking of shipping by receiving broadcasts from their automatic identification systems .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
dragons , NNS , NNS and giants are just some of the exotic residents of this world .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the event provides opportunities for visitors to learn about JJ issues and to sample JJ foods from diverse NNS .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
it is up to the editors of articles to determine , through careful examination of the sources , how notable the views of these parties are and whether they are relevant to articles on scientific matters .	21	25	VBP	are	is
NNP is a busy road junction where the NNP - NNP , NNP island - NNP and NNP - NNP roads meet .	20	21	VBP	meet	meets
it states that he was from NNP , while literary historians suggest other possibilities about his home , including NNP and NNP .	10	11	VBP	suggest	suggests
the answer is likely to be that more complex systems ( than single NNS in dna or electrons and NNS in NNS ) can not be maintained in quantum NN states for long enough to have biological significance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN has shown that the castle sits on an artificial NN platform , up to JJ thick .	5	6	VBZ	sits	sit
the article you are looking for is NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
armstrong clearly states that NNP is not a chronicle of aim ( american indian movement ) from the aim point of view ; rather , the text provides a JJ account of the origins and growth of native NN since the 1960s ( NNP 22 and jones 51 ) .	26	27	VBZ	provides	provide
old images need to be checked .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
response times of well under one second are common , and are required by many JJ test cycles .	1	7	VBP	are	is
one explanation for the JJ reaction is that the sound is similar to the warning call of a NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
their permanent residence is at NNP , hyderabad , andhra pradesh .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these members in VBG JJ order are the NNP , the NNP , the morgan trail , the camp run , the NNP creek and the NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the party is a member of the committee for a workers ' international and the european JJ left .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school has a student exchange program , with various nations .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNS around the ears and head are also common .	0	6	VBP	are	is
figures such as NNP and NNP are thunder gods who now interact with NNP and NNP , whose ritual sacrifice and NN , bearing testament to his JJ roots , were still enacted in classical greece .	0	6	VBP	are	is
their home ground is london road and the club nickname is the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when drawing NNS for firms , this condition is satisfied if the equilibrium is at the minimum point of the NNP curve .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the article is simple , to the point , and deals only with the facts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am aware that types of honey vary RB from location to location .	4	7	VBP	vary	varies
the bridge carries 2 lanes of railroad , and 6 lanes of auto traffic .	1	2	VBZ	carries	carry
yet the war technology and instruments suggest that society is not properly VBG the new technology that has created .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the next chapter , `` the federal government NNP '' argues that the federal government is too busy involving itself in the business of the states , causing it to abandon its JJ responsibilities .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
characteristic NNS often consist of JJ JJ NNS , in which NNS of meat and various vegetables are eaten in a JJ NN , with bread or other JJ food .	1	3	VBP	consist	consists
both definitions are the result of lengthy discussions and multiple revisions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the company also operates NNP CD airlines , performing charter flights for cargo and passengers .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
with the synthetic NNP , if credit events occur , JJ NN payments are required to the short investors via the NNP and its portfolio of cds .	7	8	VBP	occur	occurs
keep as above - anybody who can build up this list and an oscar nomination is notable enough for me .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
these issues lead to the team being in danger of falling out of the top 35 in points NNS for much of the year .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
the hotel features a dramatic JJ NN , one of the highest in the world .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
when traditional deep JJ boats travel at high speed in rough conditions , they jump from wave to wave and land with high vertical NN or NN .	4	5	VBP	travel	travels
the NNS lie on a bed of JJ rock .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
in the county seat of NNP county , morgan , the route takes a turn to the southeast , passing through baker county , and its seat , newton , before entering mitchell county .	11	12	VBZ	takes	take
NNP systems that make use of wireless communications link have a much larger attack surface and can be subject to various types of VBG including NN of the communications network and VBG with safety critical messages that , in the worst case , could result in a safety NN .	1	8	VBP	link	links
a JJ assumption or JJ assumption is an assumption that includes the underlying agreements or statements made in the development of a logical argument , course of action , decision , or judgment that are not explicitly voiced nor necessarily understood by the decision maker or judge .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
other songs that were used in NNS and NNS such as `` NNP '' by massive attack and `` JJ soul '' by NNP also are n't present on the soundtrack .	1	25	VBP	are	is
the north NN has a JJ NN on the north-west corner and two on the north side positioned between the three JJ windows .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
unlike in united states , most canadian television stations have license requirements to offer JJ NNS in some form .	8	9	VBP	have	has
NNS , NNS of NNS are also available for common NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is
a famous example is the NNP search data scandal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although this enzyme is able to VB numerous types of NNS , such as JJ and JJ NNS including the NN and VBZ RB , VB , etc .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are all coloured gold ( or .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the frequency of updates varies according to when new NNS are available and how often the NNS can produce them .	9	10	VBP	are	is
perhaps the most JJ weight loss benefit from drinking large quantities of water , at any NN , is that this will VB your NN and make you less likely to drink JJ soft drinks , fruit NNS , milk , etc .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and the JJ plateau , as well as the course of the rio grande , are the result of spreading along the rio grande NN , that VBZ JJ from colorado to mexico .	1	17	VBP	are	is
then again , in large companies nobody may even notice that a new employee from a merger is a formerly fired employee .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNP article has what appears to be the original NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
it has been referenced in other adventure games , such as the similarly JJ NNP 's adventure , in which a `` NNP NNP box '' appears as an item .	24	26	VBZ	appears	appear
the article is totally JJ and gives no NN of notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mrs chan 's husband has an affair with a younger girl and she is thinking of divorce , yet unable to take the definitive step to break with her husband .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
although the hope is that all facts in wikipedia should be sourced , the truth is that the NNS would be VBN if we removed every single unsourced fact in it , so we utilize a kind of NN to VB those that need sourcing the most .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NN made a deal to be the official start of the trail for a NN of land , making the mile NNS change from the previous start .	21	22	VBP	change	changes
this board is to find a resolution rather than creating a new dispute .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a second man , NNP NNP , arrives to view the apartment and shows an instant NN with the princess .	2	7	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the rise of JJ NNS , NNP , leads to a decline in popularity for american folk music , JJ NN NNS and other fields of music .	1	8	VBZ	leads	lead
this category is for lists related to the west midlands county of england , and its NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its members serve 95 percent of the ultimate customers in the JJ segment of the industry , and represent approximately 70 percent of the u .	1	2	VBP	serve	serves
a chance to prove reality of the community is more than enough , and for that matter , if NNP turns out to be a hotel , NN or NNS crash space , well .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the magazine 's JJ content continues to remain focused on english cultural history and NN , chiefly from the period of about CD .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
if the very last page of the log file is only partially filled with data and has to be written to permanent storage in this state , the very same page will have to be VBN during the next write operation .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
while the wp NNP NNP article is mostly the work of editor `` NNP '' , the NNP archive is the JJ work of `` r .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP stated at the seasons NNP that he thinks the sources are all right , so i 'm willing to go along with what he says .	10	11	VBP	are	is
opinions vary widely as to whether this is true .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
granted comments like the ones shown have the potential to drive good users out .	1	6	VBP	have	has
an NN computer performs logical operations all day long .	2	3	VBZ	performs	perform
award NNS include the performers , directors , and producers associated with the winning videos .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the impact ranges from supporting women 's homeless NNS that also provide job training to helping JJ families have healthy NNS .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the new , RB inclined surface of the tomb derives from a rectangular base , which is aligned by the four cardinal directions of the NN .	5	9	VBZ	derives	derive
every VBG algebra is a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the track also hosts the legends of NNP and historic NNP racing series , and is the winter home of the NNP barber racing school .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
these tests included `` NNP '' tests where the NN 's legs raised on different heights of blocks so the attitude is off vertical .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the witnesses are called to share their memories of the murder night and one after the other they do .	7	18	VBP	do	does
while NNP works on an NN to the NN , joshua VBZ to VB , but the revelation of his NN of NNP 's memory leads NNP to VB her love of him shortly before she realizes her pregnancy .	17	25	VBZ	leads	lead
a small mound of NN and silk covers the entrance hole .	2	7	VBZ	covers	cover
the 43 , 5 km long NNP river flows through the village .	7	8	VBZ	flows	flow
notable monuments elsewhere in the city include the alan NNP memorial in NNP park VBG the father of modern computing .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's anglican parish church is st ann 's .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
christ 's NN consisted of the good news that the kingdom of god is within you .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
notable speakers previously hosted by the forum include former president george w .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
several attempts recently have been made to make this method JJ , but other methods are much more favorable .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the reason for this is that the court described a need for a class of offence that had a lower standard to VB than true crimes but was not as harsh as absolute liability NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this pair is unstable , and quickly VBZ to produce a NN like the one which was previously absorbed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
east of NNP parkway and the river is an area of larger houses , with a more JJ population .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the main character is max NNP , who moves away from the JJ jewish culture he is born into and becomes a successful NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN is not the work of a single author , but of different authors at different times who are generally thought to be of eastern origin .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
awards are usual industry awards that everyone has in that sector .	0	1	VBP	are	is
serves the station at CD st and a route that travels through NNP , florida and NNP NNP dr which every bus passes every half hour .	21	22	VBZ	passes	pass
its seat is the village of NNP NNP , which lies approximately south-west of NNP and north-west of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the harsh nature probably comes from people doing lots of things at one time .	2	4	VBZ	comes	come
more generally , if two RB presented groups are JJ then their NNP functions are equivalent .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the diet of the fish is rich in NNS such as the NN NNP NN , as well as NNS and NNS , and it is known to prey on juvenile blue NN ( NNP NNP ) and VB NNS ( NNP NN ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some versions of the NNS describe them as spirits who had died JJ or JJ , or had VBN themselves following an JJ love .	1	5	VBP	describe	describes
it has been VBN that the VBN figure in the background at the far right is a NN of NNP as joseph of NNP .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the external link in the signature is RB not ok .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the island is an indian reservation of the native american NNP island tribe .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
there is practically no VBG at this point that the subject is a very JJ and notable british company .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
it is believed this image is eligible for use in the articles NNP and box set ( NNP ) under american NN law because it is a JJ image used only for educational purposes and VBZ no threat to the copyright holder 's ownership of the product .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the ram NNS and the NNP NNS are parallel to each other .	2	7	VBP	are	is
behavior - the basic function of a network is to evaluate the truth of its NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
a main academic practice by all NNP students is service learning .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
this NN VBZ in two streams side by side , the eastern one being the larger , but both quite small .	1	2	VBZ	descends	descend
if the pole strikes any JJ objects such as bridges , overhead signs , or power lines , the truck or convoy can be VBN and stopped or VBN long before an accident occurs .	32	33	VBZ	occurs	occur
ironically , and speaking of JJ cultural things , your user id seems to fit this topic perfectly .	10	12	VBZ	seems	seem
during the pit stops , gordon dropped from the lead to 20th after a very long pit stop .	2	3	VBZ	stops	stop
to the west , in the winter time , the highest mountains of NNP experience lake effect NN when the winds turn from the NNP .	11	21	VBP	turn	turns
JJ methods are good at VBG RB JJ interactions and not very good at VBG rare specific interactions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a go NNP gauge is a measuring tool that does not return a size in the conventional sense , but instead returns a state .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the goal is to prevent continuing problems , not to be JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the computer VBZ alex sector and bruce NNP in NNP as well as gloria baker in shark .	1	2	VBZ	selects	select
half of the farm is commercial irrigation land , the other half is allocated to 82 JJ farmers .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
variations of this NN process include VBG the arms one above the other across the NN or crossing the arms to form an `` x '' shape across the chest .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
user pages have no need to be VBN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
this article fails to assert notability for the NNP format much less provide verifiable evidence of it .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
in my view , we should do so quite readily if either editor continues this kind of behaviour , because edits of that nature are RB JJ .	12	13	VBZ	continues	continue
chart hills top 100 golf courses review top 100 golf NNP with other NNP owned courses , chart hills regularly plays host to high profile VBG events .	5	6	VBP	review	reviews
advocates of VBG indian point include current and former new york city NNS michael NNP and NNP w .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
merge a format whose time has passed and only needs JJ treatment at this point because the current sources are few and far between .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the military logistics page includes only one brief comment about NNP and you provide one source .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
this version differs from the version released on in the court of the NNP king .	1	2	VBZ	differs	differ
in other words , these wikipedia pages seem to assume it 's fine to add an NNP to any article , which , on the face of it , makes little sense ( to me ) .	6	7	VBP	seem	seems
davidson 's account , an action is just something an agent does with an intention -- that is , looking forward to some end to be achieved by the action .	10	11	VBZ	does	do
the name is the same as that of the eighth NNP , who was victor in eight battles , VBD eight male and eight female children , left behind eight thousand slaves and VBN during eight years , eight NNS , and eight days .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP theatre has a good reputation in sweden and has been named national youth theatre by the swedish government .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this NN is most commonly seen on NNS palm trees .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this list includes JJ templates for the 50 states of the united states of america and the district of columbia .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the song `` NNP '' is the death metal parody of the pop hit `` NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this event is the only critics ' awards in mainland china .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an exotic star is a compact star composed of something other than electrons , NNS , and NNS balanced against JJ collapse by NN pressure or other quantum properties .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a talk page is the same as a discussion page .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the most renowned ones are the five windows made by canadian artist NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
not only that the book gives a date of around first century b .	4	5	VBZ	gives	give
during the school year , these days may be consecutive or spread over five weeks ; teachers use JJ material to VB learning during regular school days .	16	17	VBP	use	uses
the NN supports JJ NN , which is a mode of NN where the NN is able to access data from a sample run of the program across a representative input set .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a precedent is extremely well set in terms of other redirects of the same kind .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school has a number of student clubs , and VBZ many fund raising activities such as relay for life .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
numerous NNS for the treatment of NN are available , but JJ evidence for the NN of these strategies is limited .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the claims made in the previous NNP that the template is `` necessary '' because of changing structure of the official site no longer is relevant as many of those articles have been or are being merged into more appropriate character lists and there are no individual episode articles .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i 'm pretty sure , and our article says also , that was by executive order so there was n't much voting .	7	8	VBZ	says	say
these two stages contribute to the chemical process of NN , which breaks down the main components of the body .	2	3	VBP	contribute	contributes
it is NNP type CD the maiden in the tower , of which the best known variant is NNP , and it is the earliest recorded variant of this tale known to exist .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's NN goes from NNP grande to castro NNP square , in the town centre ; NNP 's NN , goes from NNP da NNP to NNP , along the coast ; and NNP 's NN goes across the NNP .	36	37	VBZ	goes	go
however , lots of new editors get over the initial shock of having their articles rejected , and gradually learn the RB complex rules .	2	6	VBP	get	gets
the exceptions are for teams such as the marx brothers or the wright brothers .	1	2	VBP	are	is
regardless , an article needing fixing is almost never a valid reason for deletion , it is a reason for improvement as long as the NN is valid .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
each NNP channel port is capable of multiple JJ data NNS ( a maximum of 32 ) in full JJ mode .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the tone of the story is both sad and sweet .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this started him thinking about what the subjective experience of an NN is like .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
it would solve a number of other issues , but for NNP i suppose the only practical solution is a list of ip ranges that are JJ from VBG .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
one can never quite VB the turns which this NN , VBN melody is likely to take '' .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
as a recent college graduate , JJ NN , and son of a NN hero , NNP begins to experience increasingly JJ thinking , JJ thoughts , and physical NN .	7	17	VBZ	begins	begin
it is one of the species to which the agreement on the conservation of JJ NNP NNP applies .	9	17	VBZ	applies	apply
those governments provide the majority of funding to their public JJ institutions , with the remainder of funding coming from NN fees , the federal government , and research grants .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
this list is not an organized , linked list of people in a common category who have wikipedia articles , but is rather listed RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the work describes two meetings between archbishop NNP of canterbury and the native bishops , the first of which occurred at a place known to NNP as `` NNP 's oak '' .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
donald is standing near the cliff , and the explosion of the NN causes a large part of the cliff to fall away , and donald falls into the water a second time , VBG as he does .	9	13	VBZ	causes	cause
no evidence that the company described in this article exists .	1	9	VBZ	exists	exist
throughout the year the school holds a variety of class specific and school wide events .	4	5	VBZ	holds	hold
the stadium is the home of the NNP house rockets who currently compete in the british premier league .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it should be noted that former JJ government schools ( commonly referred to by the defunct term `` model c '' ) are , in fact , government schools .	8	22	VBP	are	is
that NNP 's wife ultimately ends up pregnant with him is a reference the NN of the role of women in JJ succession ; the roles of wife and mother were often JJ .	3	5	VBZ	ends	end
gender roles make an important part of human identity as we conduct our NNS through our historical and current social actions .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
this means a NNP NN has a region of negative differential resistance .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
also , this article is just plain short on factual information - including , for example , that victor NNP is the pseudonym of scott NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some internet providers are JJ NNP NNP NNS ( snow by NNP , .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP is known for its pottery and famous for the church bells made in the town , the town is right next to the NNP mountain range in VBG syria .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP village has no cinema theatre .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ technology is the array of new devices created to enable sports NNS who have disabilities to play .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site is no longer on the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after the frame is removed by VBG , the old version of the image ( which is not legal to VB ) is RB JJ , while leaving the NN username and upload date intact .	10	22	VBZ	is	are
at some schools , the NNP rally ends with a NN ( in which old wood structures , the rival school 's NNS and other items are burned in a controlled fire .	6	7	VBZ	ends	end
mountains dominate the north , northeast , west and southeast , especially the JJ mountains .	0	1	VBP	dominate	dominates
according to NNP , humans have a habit of making narrow interpretations , but such limited interpretations only serve to VB the NN of the past .	4	5	VBP	have	has
as the novel begins in the late 19th century , NNP acts on a long VBN plan for world NN , and VBZ london to begin his reign of terror .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the gateway of NNP is at the crossing of diamond harbour road and NNP NNP lane .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
at times an article is quite simply NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
people often start arriving several hours before the performance .	0	2	VBP	start	starts
year of the dragon is a new york crime drama and an exploration of NNS , the illegal drug trade , ethnicity , racism , and NNS .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the sense that JJ creatures have that the various objects of our universe are is commonly referred to as a person 's sense of `` meaning '' .	4	5	VBP	have	has
an JJ ring is NNP , and its JJ is the JJ JJ ideal of the ring .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this is the top level of assessment available within the project , and the standard is deliberately high .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
to the north lie the rich plains round NNP town , VBG up to the JJ NNS of the NNP , which form the northern boundary of the NN .	6	7	VBP	round	rounds
NNP notices that the children have NNS taken from the NN NN in `` boys of summer '' .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the site also contains two NNS as well as two JJ style VBD heads .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the orange also had 12 players combine for 71 .	5	6	VBP	combine	combines
the NNP schools system also contains two elementary schools , canyon NNP academy and NNP NNP academy , both opened in 2002 .	3	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the main hall of the convention center is the largest in all of NNP prefecture .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's essay argues against traditional literary criticism 's practice of incorporating the intentions and biographical context of an author in an interpretation of a text , and instead argues that writing and creator are unrelated .	2	3	VBZ	argues	argue
one way to gain such an ability is by learning JJ methods .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the `` NNP '' ( `` coach '' ) option means players call the plays , but the computer runs them .	9	10	VBZ	means	mean
NNP VBD up that , `` with NNP ( a soviet satellite ) , other four satellites one each from [ pakistan ] , malaysia , morocco and the united states are to be mounted on the bigger russian rocket .	16	31	VBP	are	is
all king arthur 's knights suspect a trick , but seeing instead a VBG NN if none of his knights has the courage to accept this strange NN , king arthur himself agrees to these terms .	4	5	VBP	suspect	suspects
the NNP class of survey ships is a series of eight vessels built by garden reach NNPS and engineers ( NNP ) , kolkata and NNP shipyard , ltd .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this attack is sufficiently powerful enough to punch an opponent clear through JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for this reason many audio practitioners prefer it to its alternatives , though the meter indication does not reflect some of the key features of the signal , most notably its peak level , which in many cases , must not pass a defined limit .	5	6	VBP	prefer	prefers
a judge has NN to increase the credit to 1 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a cloud hosted website may be more reliable than alternatives since other computers in the cloud can VB when a single piece of hardware goes down .	21	24	VBZ	goes	go
the museum includes displays on the history of the kent county NNP which started in 1857 ; in all fourteen earlier police forces were VBN to form the force by 1943 .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP ( short vowel marks ) the , which literally means NNS ' , are the short vowel marks .	4	14	VBP	are	is
research indicates that when a boat has a higher frequency the NNS rapidly swim away from danger .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the neighbor leaves , and NNP VBZ up into an NN to continue his preparations .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
the proof essentially uses the lower bound NN of the NNP constant , which we defined above to be the operator norm of NNP ( where NNP is the projection operator on NNP ) .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
this software category includes NN horses , NNS and other NN .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the medical school requires NN of human NNS as a compulsory part of the course .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the geographical NNS say that this mighty hill is the first hill to come to view when seen from the bay of bengal .	2	3	VBP	say	says
SYM - continuously rotating weapons are popular and varied .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the cartoon follows mickey mouse as he tries to teach his dog NNP to be a NN dog during a NN hunt .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the NNP as essentially JJ NNS and historians , most notably , until his death in 1986 , NNP , maintain that none of the events in homer 's works are historical .	5	20	VBP	maintain	maintains
research shows that members of racial and ethnicity minority groups drop out at higher rates than white students , as do individuals who have a low JJ status , come from a JJ household or whose parents did not complete high school .	3	10	VBP	drop	drops
the material is firm but JJ and allows direct NN of muscles to VB without VBG or extra steps .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the subject has only 5 peer reviewed papers according to NNP , and has a very low NN of 4 as per NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this is not a legal question , i do n't even live in south africa , just curious about how their laws compare to america 's .	21	22	VBP	compare	compares
notable prizes for the 2012 competition include the right to make a pitch before NNP capital ventures , VBG by NNP executives , and an invitation to VB in a JJ program at university of toronto NNP school of management NNP centre of excellence .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the main rivers are NNP NN the south , the NNS in the north , and the NNP in the east .	2	3	VBP	are	is
JJ NNP 500 winner NNP claims his fourth pole in the race , VBG him for second on the all-time list .	3	5	VBZ	claims	claim
maybe the most important contribution to the modern cuban guitar technique and repertoire comes from leo NNP ( b .	4	13	VBZ	comes	come
moore ( NNP hunter ) access this area has a boat NN that offers access to the mississippi river .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the border then follows the river then crosses NNP 's road and follows the border of NNP park .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
their two other children , who were also on a number of NN NNS , have been moved to foster homes and the department of social services reports the parents have a history of being abusive and JJ .	29	30	VBP	have	has
delete - this album is unlikely to take off as originally planned after the death of greg NNP , and we already know that NNP has other immediate plans in 2010 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the source is available online , definitely VBP the title to it so others can go check the source as needed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the bands ( you need to VB on the image to see them ) , are about JJ NNS high , and stick out about half a brick .	1	4	VBP	need	needs
the movie opens with an assassination of a us senator , played by dick mel .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
this board VBZ the joint requirements panel ( NNP ) from the previous system , with expanded responsibilities and membership .	1	2	VBZ	replaces	replace
parks and NN located there include sue NNP park ; justin herman plaza , which is the current location of the city 's new year 's NNS , and NNP NNP park .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
this NN was probably seen as criminal at the time of the story 's setting , but the poem also presents NNP as a violent NN .	18	20	VBZ	presents	present
the term `` senior high school '' or just `` high school '' generally means `` secondary school '' .	5	14	VBZ	means	mean
i believe in diversity , not one size fits all .	7	8	VBZ	fits	fit
however , in europe , NNS are all managed differently for each country and data is not RB processed .	5	6	VBP	are	is
according to the hindu NNS like NNP NNP , the goddess NNP is JJ to NNP ( NNP ) , who was actually a son of shiva and NNP .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
in order for the NNS to breed , beaches need to be at least 100 m long and 2 m wide , JJ being the JJ width .	8	9	VBP	need	needs
industrial uses include the production of drugs , JJ NNS and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
former owners include NNP valley broadcasting company , inc and cherokee broadcasting company .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
my point is that adding every player in the organization would be JJ , making the pages useless , as it would be hard to find the more notable individuals in the sea of hundreds of , RB , NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in november 1824 , the state congress , provided that the people of NNP NN have title of town and also became the head of department and including NNP NNP el NNP .	11	15	VBP	have	has
it is only after being given the NN that it will be determined if the admin is able to use the it appropriately , in part or general .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this category contains the governors of the JJ prefecture of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
some important stubs belong to that template .	2	3	VBP	belong	belongs
notable databases and tools that the group has developed include the database of NNP NNP , which VBZ JJ JJ change ; NNS , which VBZ block variants in the NN .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
some petroleum industry experts believe that of natural gas reserves reported by NNP stands for gas in place volume and consequently NNP 's JJ gas reserves should be about to .	3	4	VBP	believe	believes
by VBG these platforms for advertising purposes , businesses are now able to connect directly with consumers to form lasting relationships .	8	9	VBP	are	is
i believe the comment that tom made is correct .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
in order to make the NN process work it is necessary to ensure that it is not making an JJ NN ; that vision is an image of the future shared by a whole community ; and that the vision is JJ into reality .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
arabic plural ] [ 10 ] this phrase begins every NN of the NNP except the ninth .	7	8	VBZ	begins	begin
those NNS do n't meet the building code , '' the inspector says , pulling out a tape measure , `` and by these measurements , they will collapse when anyone over 50 NNS .	11	12	VBZ	says	say
the image is of the subject of a wikipedia page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
every google hit is a social networking link or vanity page .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
humor magazines are an important part of finnish NNP night , and students in NNS selling them are a common sight in university cities in finland in late april .	12	17	VBP	are	is
the neighbourhood has several historical buildings , some of which are historical museums like the NNP do NNP NNP and the NNP NNP NNP de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP syndrome is a JJ mental state .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP acid VBZ the reactions of JJ acids and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	undergoes	undergo
july 2008 comments call for speedy keep .	2	3	VBP	call	calls
the accounts are now blocked as socks .	1	2	VBP	are	is
riders in this section are mainly able to walk without support , with moderate NN on one side of the body , moderate NN in all four NNS or severe arm NN .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNP construction has gone ; countries now have force pools for NNP , which are built each turn like any other unit , and NNP units are larger .	5	7	VBP	have	has
NNP 's lyrics draw upon the indirect language of traditional NN and NN ( NNP poetry and NNS ) to VB contemporary political and social issues and invite listeners to identify their own solutions .	2	3	VBP	draw	draws
their notability rules are obviously very different from NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
length of show and number of characters does not equal character importance .	0	7	VBZ	does	do
the prize recognizes candidates from the shipping industry that have made an outstanding contribution to the environment .	1	2	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
another key factor in the field of islamic ethics is the belief that NN has been granted the faculty to VB god 's will and to VB by it .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
an enemy officer tries to arrest him but ends up VBG the book for him ; the second officer recognizes its author as his own grandfather , who was a captain in the NNP guard .	18	19	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
nevertheless , i still do not understand why women tend to look so RB plastic and JJ .	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
the copyright holder VBZ the usage of this photo on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
when a national flag is used , the left side of the aircraft is often the back side of the flag as it is normally flown .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the highway starts on the northwestern outskirts of ho chi NNP city , near NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
today the area belongs to the municipality of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	belongs	belong
after his NNS refuse to go along with his plan , the cemetery owner decides to do it himself and ends up falling into the acid NN , burning himself to death from the inside out .	13	14	VBZ	decides	decide
the article is a NN of NN as it stands .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name is a play on `` JJ monk '' , the famous jazz pianist .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN sites include electric , water , and JJR service .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
both sides are edit warring , but it seems as though adding that particular piece about the delaware girl is a blp violation , since there are no claims of any JJ messages sent from NNP to that girl .	1	2	VBP	are	is
legs are clean and well VBN and the cannon bone NN is larger than that of other horses .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this autobiography reads like a NN piece .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
some NNS , such as some NNP species , members of the NNP ( NN NNS ) mate while the female is still JJ , during which time she is unable to eat the male .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
our hub NN article specifically answers your question .	3	5	VBZ	answers	answer
the most JJ musical venue in NNP is the NNP NNP NNP .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
marine farmers usually look for VBN and JJ waters rich in NNS .	1	3	VBP	look	looks
the writing style is that of a JJ english speaker , with JJ use of language on talk pages , though RB not on the article content itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the site is ideal site for artists and people wanting to enjoy the NNS of an outdoor setting .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in mathematics , effective dimension is a modification of NNP dimension and other JJ dimensions which places it in a NN theory setting .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
afd was properly closed , and the album is clearly notable enough for an article .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the participants recognize that their efforts have value and that these activities provide a special way for them to expand their knowledge and skills while contributing to community conservation efforts .	1	2	VBP	recognize	recognizes
i post a lot too and i think NNP also has the right to post as much as she wants , every editor does .	22	23	VBZ	does	do
the trunk is very heavy and very dark red in colour .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the jobs they have are very specific , and most of them are very famous in their fields , be it music , game design , etc .	1	4	VBP	are	is
current ref 38 ( stephen thomas NNP ) has its publisher in the link title , it should be listed separately .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
given two points ( NN , NN ) and ( UH , NN ) , the change in x from one to the other is ( run ) , while the change in y is ( rise ) .	31	34	VBZ	is	are
any digital NN scheme uses a finite number of distinct signals to represent digital data .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
hungarian king stefan ii VBZ belgrade and used the obtained stones to build a fortress in NNP .	1	4	VBZ	destroys	destroy
the following list is a translation of names and minimal personal data for 8 , 500 people included in jewish encyclopedia of russia ( NNP NNP NNP ) ; first edition ; 1995 , moscow .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
photo shows the town of NNP on the shore of NNP NNP lake .	0	1	VBZ	shows	show
the female VBZ JJ eggs 30 days after VBG .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
there are several types of trout in the region 's streams and lakes , and a few lakes also support JJ bass , a JJ fish .	17	19	VBP	support	supports
an evolutionary psychology view is that the more unusual primary NN without panic attacks may be due to a different mechanism from NN with panic attacks .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles relating to argentine football team , NNP de santa fe .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
if the section ever becomes big enough that it needs to be split off ( i highly doubt so ) the redirect can be converted to an article again .	2	4	VBZ	becomes	become
assume each bid amount is equally likely to be chosen .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think the issue of how do we keep from having a vfd for every street in the world is best addressed by being more specific on the information we provide new users when they are curious about starting articles .	3	19	VBZ	is	are
where NN is legally justified all , of course , agree that the killer is free from all responsibility .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this redirect is n't very useful , as NNP NNP can be a common chinese name .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
october 2010 NNP NNP , which VBZ the NN from the eastern rim , is a popular twenty minute NN from the park visitor 's center where rangers often take groups on short talks .	27	29	VBP	take	takes
this type of NN is quick and convenient and usually the most JJ method of VBG .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the various entries are all extensively VBN through text and the small amount of material does n't warrant a category .	2	3	VBP	are	is
today the NN market tradition is the JJ in the state , according to historian NNP NNP NNP , attraction about 3 , 500 merchants for the day .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the result is a game that - if played well by all players - will result in a very close contest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of course nothing much can be seen without subscription payments , so it is hard to judge where the articles give substantial coverage or passing coverage .	19	20	VBP	give	gives
the `` life for a life '' memorial NNP in 1999 , this plantation allows people to pay to have a tree planted in the name of a loved one .	13	14	VBZ	allows	allow
jerry NNP 's comic NN NN to harold NNP , the episode features a character named `` NNP '' .	11	12	VBZ	features	feature
since the base is 16 , there can be three leading zero bits in the binary NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
reference 17 completely covers NNP NNP school , m .	0	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the board 's membership includes the three deputies and a maximum of seven other JJ directors , intended to represent key sectors of the economy .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
all these programs are pretty much equivalent when it comes to features and high end animation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP is blocked based on suspicion ( not proof ) of NN and can not defend himself in this case , so your accusation looks more like a JJ party .	23	24	VBZ	looks	look
NNP , NNP 's scientists combine dna samples retrieved from the NN of history 's most notorious NNS ( along with dna from current g .	4	5	VBP	combine	combines
more NNS are available in the internet .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP is right , our threshold is verifiability , not notability .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this NN from chapter 11 of shirley is her description of NNP hall .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this list is also useful in other ways .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
extensive image editing was performed to create the uploaded illustration , but all rights remain with the copyright holder .	13	14	VBP	remain	remains
loyalty is practical in that it is practiced .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
all materials exhibit some JJ response .	1	2	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
when looking at the help desk i found that this anon had posted some NN information about a JJ as seen here , the personal information also contains what appears to be a legal threat against this JJ .	25	27	VBZ	contains	contain
god finds NN in the soul but not in the body , as the soul resembles the JJ soul , whereas the body is not worthy to be allied to the JJ NNS , although the image of the body is part of the JJ NN .	36	40	VBZ	is	are
now , the server is ready - assuming no NN issues .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the island has a lighthouse at its highest point .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
green waves roll in behind her , and the shore curves around into a rocky NN , overlooking the JJ sea .	1	2	VBP	roll	rolls
garden website is its gardens NNP ' NNP blog , a daily NN of garden news , pictures , tips and information maintained by NNP smith , who is the magazine 's web and magazine editor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN needs help to supplement biased biography .	0	1	VBZ	needs	need
i think he is not a real athlete , and this event is not comparable to the olympics .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
with relations to VB , a NN in NNP a leads to VB NN .	6	10	VBZ	leads	lead
as of 2007 , banking in india is generally mature in terms of supply , product range and NN , though reach in rural india still remains a challenge for the private sector and foreign banks .	21	26	VBZ	remains	remain
the central image depicts the `` NNP in her NN '' , a christian symbol of christ 's sacrifice , popular with spanish missionaries .	2	3	VBZ	depicts	depict
another NN is the lack of commercial availability of the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP survey maps of the mid 19th century indicate that the area was farming land NN of marsh , NN , or NN , however the area in 2010 is as stated above .	3	9	VBP	indicate	indicates
NN ; however , the company remains private and maintains very low debt .	5	6	VBZ	remains	remain
some students from NNP also choose to attend NNP high school of the NNP school district .	1	5	VBP	choose	chooses
also , one document , the `` JJ buildings '' of or and NNP document , provides NN of design work of this one group as opposed to that of other forest service regional offices .	3	16	VBZ	provides	provide
for the main reason being that most readers and editors especially have no idea that an article has `` special rules '' .	7	11	VBP	have	has
neither club plays in leeds city 's traditional colours either , both playing in white NNS with a NN of blue trim along with shorts and socks in the same NN of blue .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
it also creates the impression that songs played by picking NNS are fast even when they 're not .	6	11	VBP	are	is
they resemble western NNS in appearance , but most chinese chef 's NNS are relatively JJ and designed for VBG , NN , and VBG vegetables , fish , and NN NNS .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the entire book is also now available in hard copy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
individual development , even of highly JJ traits , such as eye color , depends on a range of environmental factors , from the other genes in the NN , to physical variables such as temperature , oxygen levels etc .	1	14	VBZ	depends	depend
however , many bicycle sharing systems offer daily or weekly NNS which permits their use by tourists , visitors , and other occasional users .	5	6	VBP	offer	offers
the boundary crosses the NNP at a subway across the road , just south of the NNP camp .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
this category contains those who have held the position secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs in the government of the united kingdom .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
these NNS are JJ from ocean waters by barrier beaches ( barrier islands and barrier NNS ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
area code CD is a telephone area code serving the JJ portion of illinois .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the origin of the JJ association remains uncertain .	1	6	VBZ	remains	remain
the obvious cause of NN is that it VBZ the species .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the book ends with a NN of praise , calling NNP now the new king log ( from NNP 's JJ ) .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
in order to show that shared innovations are from a common descent it is necessary that they do not arise because of language contact after initial separation .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the principle chinese sources vary on their account of NNP 's origins .	3	4	VBP	vary	varies
in place of this , budget decisions are largely made by committee , and committees are less likely to go for JJ NNS of dubious value to their NNS ( and tax NNS ) .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the length of river is approximately and its basin area is .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
popular in inquiry education , JJ questions allow students to explore different NNS and create many different variations and alternative answers or NNS .	6	7	VBP	allow	allows
as of march 1 , 2007 , its population is 1 , CD .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
if the cell needs energy or carbon NNS for synthesis then VBP NN is targeted for NN .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
i 'm sure many scientists get people making claims which are made up , NNS or simply the result of poor NN so it 's hardly surprising that many scientists will VB such claims off hand without any evidence .	4	5	VBP	get	gets
the family tree in question is highly problematic .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP uses known signal NN sequences to VB and VB what an input sequence is most likely to cause a NN to .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
a NN opinion is the opinion from a group of judges , often in an JJ court , in which no single opinion received the support of a majority of the court .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film is a remake of the 2004 NNP movie NNP , the role of jr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN NNS are more affected than the older NN ones .	2	3	VBP	are	is
you do have to check that the article is correct , though , and not something else with the same name , but a different meaning .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
isbn CD all species are JJ of a wide range of soils and ph levels but , with few exceptions , demand good drainage .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NNS , young leaves , young NNS and young NNS are JJ .	1	11	VBP	are	is
but the above activities are just those of a JJ blp NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
however , through the use of NNP , digital television NNS display NNP 's virtual channel as 2 .	10	11	VBP	display	displays
if the destination address is n't available then the center stores this message and tries sending it later .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , the NNP kids tell NNP that NNP can only be killed by another JJ , meaning that kenny is seemingly the only one who has the power to stop NNP 's NN .	4	5	VBP	tell	tells
the only linear functions which are periodic are NNS , which you rule out , so no .	3	7	VBP	are	is
a typical NN in the region is the NN , which is obtained by combining NNS ( the milk of a soft NN ) with the famous grape NN called NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the town is heavily JJ on agriculture which mainly consists of JJ growing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what the state of the evidence actually is ( avoiding NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
i have made a proposal for what to do with the page , but i think this needs to be decided upon before the sad event happens .	25	26	VBZ	happens	happen
long term plans call for us and other coalition forces to hand over most existing NNP to the iraqi security forces and operate from the NNP .	2	3	VBP	call	calls
wikipedia states that they are credible secondary sources , `` the `` secondary sources '' in the criterion include reliable published works in all forms , such as ( for example ) newspaper articles , books , television NNS , and published reports by consumer NN organizations '' .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the only case i have ever observed this is for 3rr .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the comment notation is same as it is in c language .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
whether or not linking to such images is in itself a bad thing is unknown to me .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
while the article does in many places mention that bush has been criticized for his views , NNS of criticism need to be made in respect of the aforementioned civil rights and religion sections .	2	3	VBZ	does	do
the as low as reasonably JJ ( NNP ) principle is a legal requirement intended to ensure JJ safety .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
however , industrial and agricultural NNS flow into the NNS .	5	6	VBP	flow	flows
in particular , as the nominator says , the paragraph on the inquiry itself is surely inadequate , and the section about the report is not brilliant prose .	5	6	VBZ	says	say
these facts do not mean the image is in the public domain , but do indicate that no evidence has been found to show that restrictions apply .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the us mason 's manual notes , `` a JJ body can not by its own act or rule require a NNS vote to take any action where the constitution or controlling authority requires only a majority vote .	29	33	VBZ	requires	require
georgian forces attack surrounded rebels after an NN VBZ .	1	2	VBP	attack	attacks
boston NNS as a redirect ; neither NN needs a NN article .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
regular bus service is available to many ukrainian cities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when the young man 's NN objects to the wedding , the young couple has to decide if they can make their relationship work .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the law of li ho , the man of physical skills NNP is determined to learn more about this tournament so when the opportunity arrives to gain such information from mr .	23	24	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the fruit is a brown berry containing a few seeds within a clear JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my view is that a change in approach after the template had been written to a fair standard would have helped avoid some of the problems we have seen .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the song , butler 's voice RB grows NN while keyboards play during its chorus .	11	12	VBP	play	plays
when the player runs out of credits or has attempted all 100 questions , the game ends and the player 's level of star trek knowledge is ranked on the basis of how many questions were correctly answered .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
the NN areas are particularly rich in plant life , while the JJR inland plateau is less so .	2	3	VBP	are	is
hence the abortion debate here in the us - which ( from a scientific perspective ) is a completely JJ argument because it is entirely about the meaning of a word that has no meaning in this realm of existence .	3	16	VBZ	is	are
this idea is motivated by the fact that JJ groups are JJ , and for finite JJ groups , two elements having relatively prime orders must VB .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the NNS do not change during the backup process so the database is in a consistent state when it is returned to normal operation .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the company , now a part of NNP group , operates as equity office management , llc .	1	10	VBZ	operates	operate
thomas reveals that the reason he has helped harry is that they are half brothers , sharing the same mother .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
examples of this are damage control ( comics ) and secret six ( comics ) .	0	3	VBP	are	is
academic programs include the traditional chancellor 's welcome ( an event specifically aimed towards NNS ) school and major orientation NNS , a NN open house , and ongoing campus tours .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
all other episodes in this season are simply using the NN and next navigation , and the list is redundant to the complete list presented in list of the cleveland show episodes .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the association supports its members in advancing the state of the art in computer graphics and related fields such as multimedia , scientific NNP and NNP interaction .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
you still fail to explain why perth , north dakota is ok , even though it has the problem you incorrectly claim this school does .	23	24	VBZ	does	do
i think you are asking why representative democracy is almost RB practiced over direct democracy .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the city of NNP has the largest number of idea stores at 37 , followed by belgrade with 24 .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
foreign missionaries representing numerous religious groups continue to VB in the country .	1	6	VBP	continue	continues
she is VBN , but time takes its toll on her , RB and RB ; eventually , her owner VBZ her in .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
these stones contain `` the love of iron '' , which attracts all iron to them , preventing any iron from passing through .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
also driving NNS make a big difference , the harder you press the gas , the worse the NNP will be .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
NNS in any of these genes prevent the proper production or assembly of the type iv NN network , which is an important structural component of basement NNS in the NN , inner ear , and eye .	0	6	VBP	prevent	prevents
the village has a population of 7 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the third order NN in the NN then connects to the JJ NN of the JJ NN .	3	8	VBZ	connects	connect
the story follows a boy named NNP NNP , who is a keen player of the monster NNP video games .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
in 1883 the mansion house of gabriel chase in NNP near london is under the control of the mysterious NNP samuel smith , who has VBN the NNS via some form of NN .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the program includes training from experts , providing business with the support they need to manage their inventory .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
before the song 's audio begins to play , the video begins with a view of NN , before it cuts to what appears to be the interior of a NN .	10	11	VBZ	begins	begin
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's NN is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the NNP center .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
it is clear to me that the evidence here seems to be somewhat along the same lines , and that NNP 's programming NN caused him to VB the valid NNS of his bot .	7	9	VBZ	seems	seem
further , let me point out again that these images are available elsewhere on this website .	9	10	VBP	are	is
my understanding of NNP is that what you call unacceptable articles must be carefully written so as to cover the topic as a npov while avoiding being JJ .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the article makes it sound like a bad idea , but provides no explanation .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
for then the NNS , being large and RB , are hard , the NNS that once were soft are rough and covered with NNS , and the JJ NNS are as it were VBN with NNS .	3	10	VBP	are	is
this result shows part of the important connection between NN and large cardinals .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
scholars VBP that he wrote the main part of the clerk 's tale in the later part of CD or the early part of CD , shortly after his first trip to italy in CD .	0	1	VBP	speculate	speculates
largely a NN cooking contest , funds from the event benefit the maintenance and operation of the museum .	6	10	VBP	benefit	benefits
the proposed ban here is for violating the civility restriction .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the gulf of NNP is to the south of the NNP hills , NNP town is to its north , and a river flows between the two hills .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the civil service is also sometimes incorrectly referred to as the administration , but , properly speaking , the administration is the compound of public NNS and public administrative NNS , not their employees .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the actual message is stored in the data area , so the header area contains the fields with more relevance to the protocol .	13	14	VBZ	contains	contain
bus routes that go through NNP are the number CD and CD .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the cd only edition includes all of NNP 's hit singles , promotional singles , as well as some NN tracks from previous albums .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
another agent which can be applied either RB or taken by mouth is JJ ( trade name NNP ) ) , an JJ .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
i think when people say NNS have to be NN , they mean rest mass .	3	4	VBP	say	says
the first element is the JJ case of NN which means `` JJ '' or `` JJ '' and the last element is JJ which means `` field '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
minor minerals include NN and aluminium NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
previous examples show many times where he as termed the edits of other editors `` vandalism '' .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
each island map has its own initial situation or VB that the player can deal with however one sees fit .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the other high schools in the city are harbour view high school , st .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the function of these NNS is unknown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP and luke , the pair connects the fifth season , the song without you by harry NNP .	5	6	VBZ	connects	connect
the national roads allow the operation of various bus and NN operators in the city of NNP and neighboring towns and areas to transport passengers and cargo to any point of NNP , making the city of NNP one of the transport JJ points in the NNP valley .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
NNS and NNS generally do have similar NNS ( molecules just less organized and a little less RB attached to each other in NNS ) , whereas gases are generally orders of magnitude less dense ( molecules highly VBD ) at normal pressures and temperatures .	27	28	VBP	are	is
other local rivers VBG the town are the river NNP and the river NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the JJ NNS ( diamonds , NNS , NNS ) belong to the familiar tiny NN designs seen in many NNP NNS .	2	10	VBP	belong	belongs
he was the author of JJ NNP , ' london , CD , CD , in which his name appears as NNP .	18	19	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP machines in NNS in the uk , however , are not a threat to children , as children in NNS are constantly being VBN either by parents , staff , or other NNS .	1	10	VBP	are	is
my objections are roughly identical to those listed above by lord NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this is the politically correct way of saying white , JJ culture is bad .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
often a JJ or top operation is also implemented , returning the value of the top element without removing it .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
when a person applies for the loan , NNP checks for the loan history and VBZ the NNP NN with the credit reports .	2	3	VBZ	applies	apply
the CD JJ NNP hiking trail , which follows the NNP mountain range , starts ( or ends ) at the NNP NNP ( consisting of a railway station of the same name and the NNP youth NNP ) ( NN .	5	14	VBZ	starts	start
the beam is JJ , but it has a JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
keep based on the new information but it needs more sources and some explanation of what the company does .	17	18	VBZ	does	do
brian NNS if a JJ external viewer of the simulation would feel VBN by what was ultimately a `` dream sequence , '' but NNP argues that a computer simulation is totally different .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
her eldest great grandson , son of NNP NNP , NNP NNP , is a member of uttar pradesh NNP NNP from the NNP constituency .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
on earth , one way that is done is through the interaction between animals and plants , with the animals getting energy out of NN of carbon and the plants using energy from the sun to reverse that .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP bank , whose full name is NNP bank limited , is a commercial bank in zimbabwe .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this scheme VBZ distribution accuracy by VBG for delivery NN across the network .	1	2	VBZ	improves	improve
the town gets a mention in the family NNP theme song , you 'll never find a NNP in the zoo , in the NN `` you can go to NNP and to NNP too , but you 'll never find a NNP in the zoo '' .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the word numbers are the same as in am CD CD .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the dimensions of the flag are 2 .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , NNP and executive director of the alternative museum wrote in 1985 , `` NNP cruz , is a brilliant and JJ artist whose current paintings are JJ , VBN with intelligence , NN and an JJ sense of NN .	27	28	VBP	are	is
launch models include NN , NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
if mediation is not accepted and people feel that the rfc should be reopened , that can be done .	6	7	VBP	feel	feels
source is movie , licensing is JJ , but image has border on left side and top NN with either .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
maybe they all go to afd , but only some languages agree it should actually be deleted .	10	11	VBP	agree	agrees
the local schools are quite successful in state sporting competitions , especially mt NNP secondary college who are back to back state hockey champions .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the last remaining operating system distribution to use it is NNP , which still ships some platforms with 4 .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
this episode uses a story element from `` death is a NNP '' , an episode written by ricky NNP , in which NNP discovers a NN on peter 's breast , thinking it would be cancer , whereas the opposite occurred in this episode .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
related matrix operations two related matrix operations are the JJ and NNP products which operate on VBN NNS .	2	7	VBP	are	is
outside paris , all the large cities have a museum of fine arts with a section dedicated to european and french painting .	6	7	VBP	have	has
intelligence activities include collection of information of political , financial , scientific and military interest .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the two NNS of life are `` as a person '' and `` as an artist '' .	2	5	VBP	are	is
NN is that you assume that the statement is false and it leads to a NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the northern half of the town VBZ into lake NNP , which in turns VBZ west via the sugar river into the connecticut river and NN to long island sound .	2	6	VBZ	drains	drain
the person dressed as NN will use one hand to hold his head , while the other hand carries a NN or pig NN , used to VB children or young women .	17	18	VBZ	carries	carry
mature males have an NNS that VBZ black and blue .	1	2	VBP	have	has
this young man is quite controversial .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
family members often take turns to keep watch on the fire overnight , telling each other stories about NNP of past years .	1	3	VBP	take	takes
the medieval castle stands in a dominant position in a cliff , over a cove which constitutes a natural harbor in the NNP peninsula between the NNS of the NNP river and the NNP river , a few miles from cape NNP .	2	3	VBZ	stands	stand
although NNP NNP is found safe and the NNS of the NNS are treated and VBN of the virus , the squadron ends in NN with NNP 's apparent death and the arrest of NNP as the apparent NN responsible for his death .	21	22	VBZ	ends	end
in addition to population and changes RB , comparing damage historically is subject to changes in wealth and inflation .	9	11	VBZ	is	are
NN to explain his problems and such , but it is the typical norm that bot accounts remain as bot accounts , do not make any edits other than bot edits .	16	17	VBP	remain	remains
the VBG face of the staff god is another NN that VBZ explanation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP CD this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
chapter 12 , tan and NNP the fourth part contains NNS on the previous chapters and on the literature .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP node NN cells have very low levels of expression NNP .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the photographer changes NNS or film speeds or whatever and the picture comes out looking exactly the same .	1	2	VBZ	changes	change
the song contains the NN `` look inside america , she 's all right ; she 's all right , '' which was said by NNP to `` RB VB the traditional NNP song , complete with strings .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
sebastian 's NN 've been asked to write about my experience , and i think the best place is here .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the climate is arctic to JJ with cool summers and cold winters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
african dance has to be viewed in close connection with african music .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when NN occurs ( which can take 1 to 2 weeks ) , treatment is with JJ NNS ( NN ) , NNS , NNS , and NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the film depicts a night of fraternity NN ( `` hell night '' ) set in an old manor , during which a JJ NN NNS and murders many of the college students .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
another popular variation is JJ replacing the meat with fish as the main NN and often served with NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP also has a NN yellow NN , and its NNS are in the shape of what looks like blue shorts .	10	11	VBP	are	is
for your information , NNP is ( or was ) leader of NNP NN , now a banned slovak JJ political party ( now it is an association ) .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
the electrical NNS replace the feeling of pain with a NN or VBG NN , reducing or eliminating the need for pain NN in patients who are candidates for this treatment .	2	3	VBP	replace	replaces
the idea , really , is to allow NNS to be written with purely JJ NN , VBN after the fact with NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
on 26 january he said , `` the reality is that the threat of terrorism can not be VBN completely in the near future .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
wolves , rockets agree to NNP trade ; espn .	0	3	VBP	agree	agrees
three rectangular NNS , containing NNS , rise parallel to the central shaft .	2	7	VBP	rise	rises
the fa criteria have two items that may be a problem at fac .	2	3	VBP	have	has
NN claims he VBZ seeing people suffer and later is seen as someone who VBZ violence .	5	6	VBP	suffer	suffers
according to its website , the group 's goals are both scholarly and professional .	8	9	VBP	are	is
electric NNS are now manufactured in indian VBD kashmir JJ product is new and thus has been VBN under indian intellectual property law .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the people have very dark NNS in contrast to the lighter NNS of NNPS and new NNPS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the game plays like a regular platform game set in JJ space , but with the touch of a button the player can exchange one of the dimensions with the fourth dimension .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
examples include NNS like NNS as well as NNS like NNS , possible NNS , and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
nevertheless , most traditional NNS rely on household members or local fish merchants for the disposal of their catches .	4	5	VBP	rely	relies
JJ NNS are common in advertising and product placement .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a ridge on the NN is also present in NNP that runs across its entire length on one side .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although imaging techniques are essential for cancer diagnosis , imaging the structures and NNS within NNS has been a challenging task .	2	3	VBP	are	is
instead , her aunt VBZ with her own logical problem .	3	4	VBZ	responds	respond
a wireless keyboard is a computer keyboard that allows the user to communicate with computers , NNS , or VBZ with the help of radio frequency ( NNP ) , VBN ( NNP ) or NNP technology .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as a result , there can be a silent period where the baby displays no symptoms of NNP followed by the development of frequent NNS .	12	13	VBZ	displays	display
historians differ on whether the conflict could have been avoided or the colony saved .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
medical services available in city are , rural health center NNP , NNP JJ , e .	1	5	VBP	are	is
after the shows ' producers try to explain to NNP that no one besides the contestants and crowd are allowed into the building , NNP VBZ , `` well i 'm not everybody .	4	5	VBP	try	tries
these books are available both in tamil and english .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the total population now is CD , made up of CD males and CD females .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the result is a html document that contains the whole novel in regular html which can be printed out as such .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the front entry of the mansion features a pair of VBN NN doors with windows , JJ panels , and brass NN in the shape of a dog 's head .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
my own NNP NNP laser mouse is indeed a class i device .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
one user thinks it should be NNP , while the other says gene NNP .	1	2	VBZ	thinks	think
while other folks RB take their articles off and work on them , this one just keeps coming back .	2	4	VBP	take	takes
house seat , and 3 ) controversy VBG from position on iraq war ; article seems like a vanity page .	1	15	VBZ	seems	seem
many NNS are t NN in that they can deliver both of the signals to the b cell .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the general theory of standard NNP spaces contains very strong results about JJ JJ spaces , see NNP 's theorem .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
VBN by mary ann , whose men are about to take him away , NNP is able to escape with NNP after NNP VBZ NNP , who claimed her after the auction .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the crew is almost always at a considerable NN , owing both to the frequency with which the NNP green things grow to replace their losses , and to their own relative NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the township comprises the communities of NNP ( main village ) , big cedar , glen NNP , rose island , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
i have no doubt whatsoever that the page is a violation of multiple wikipedia policies , but csd was denied on the original page ( though it will be deleted unless copyright issues are resolved ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the four remaining NNS perform live cooking NN on a miami morning show .	3	4	VBP	perform	performs
i mean people are RB concerned with the gains of the JJ movement being JJ by racism and nationalism .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP was originally made with horse meat but today it is almost always made with beef the town of NNP , germany has a long horse NN tradition , and NN is one of its JJ NNS .	17	22	VBZ	has	have
this system functions similarly to the JJ JJ acid VBG system , however it uses JJ JJ acids as NNS instead of JJ acids .	1	2	VBZ	functions	function
a world comes into existence when the first being in it is born , and VBZ to exist , as such , when the last being in it dies .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
this category includes musical instruments invented in russia , or by people from russia outside russia .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the energy of a JJ boundary is dependent on the degree of NN between the neighbouring VBZ up to the transition to JJ status .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
medical evidence indicates that singing at too high of a pitch level may lead to the development of vocal NNS .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
in fact it would be quite JJ as a home as the towers have little useful space and various parts of the castle have exterior connections which are not particularly JJ for the wet basque weather .	12	13	VBP	have	has
his work also includes the promotion of sustainable energy for poor households , as an alternative to forest destruction for NN , through the development of JJ NN NNS , a new industry that is projected to create 30 , 000 jobs in JJ areas of eastern NNP .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the `` limited edition '' features the professor NNP JJ NN NNP as a bonus .	3	5	VBZ	features	feature
a tribute to black flag is a tribute album to the defunct american hardcore punk band black flag .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the application server comprises the first JJ software designed for grid computing .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the album forms the second part of his intended `` NNP trilogy '' which began with the release of NNP in 2008 .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
here souls are in a state of rest and beyond experience .	1	2	VBP	are	is
after the judge 's wife offers her tea she becomes JJ and confused .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
investors include first round capital , NNP group , august capital , focus ventures and NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
photograph is my own and used with permission of anne NNP NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
such a distinction might be valid for subjects where one clear and factual topic is more or less accurately or RB referenced or depicted in popular culture .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the name NNP refers to the fact that the font family contains three variants , each with different lengths of NNS and NNS .	10	11	VBZ	contains	contain
his JJ stories about NNP the dog , published by NNP books , are humorous and NN .	2	13	VBP	are	is
also resident in NNP is the regional tv station NNP , a subsidiary of the deutsche NNP and the NNP am NNP former home of first league football club 1 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP cruz ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
originally the JJ switch blades were connected to the fixed closure NNS with loose NNS , but since steel NNS are somewhat flexible it is possible to make this join by VBG a short section of the rail itself .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the characteristic feature of the chapman NN is a long JJ NN combining a NN spring and shock NN , with a JJ drive shaft itself forming the lower link of the suspension .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
students take a preparatory course in the fall , which VBZ them for the research and studies they will carry out in the caribbean .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
the females , however , are smaller than the males and wear an NN NN , showing no arms or tail .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the username shares the same spelling as an author that we have an article about , and while contributions are welcome from everyone , the drama is not welcome .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
in addition to blake 's notes on the painting , a letter written to NNP NNP provides a description of the various images within an earlier design of the last judgment .	11	16	VBZ	provides	provide
his cousin is chelsea midfielder frank NNP and his father is portsmouth manager harry NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
outside of panama city and david , NNP services drop off dramatically .	8	9	VBP	drop	drops
if admins want to bring in material from other websites and post it , or remove comments and !	1	2	VBP	want	wants
standing jump competitions are no longer held , nor are the various modified throwing events which were VBN with in 1908 and 1912 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ shape of NNP town limits results in numerous municipal boundaries .	2	6	VBZ	limits	limit
examples of problems which have been addressed by atmospheric chemistry include acid rain , JJ NN and global warming .	0	10	VBP	include	includes
clearly its original purpose was to provide information ( in this case ) on a product , and the press often uses such illustrations directly in their own articles in the same way that they might use a quote .	19	21	VBZ	uses	use
the city has its own `` physical culture and sports center '' with stadium , swimming pool and indoor arena .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNS and NNS are slightly lighter than the back , and the RB darker .	1	4	VBP	are	is
key qualities are good judgment and NN , and he has both .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the image i have in my mind is that of the NNS by NN around the time of the french revolution .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the part of the article in question is about a controversial aspect of the subject , which a reliable ( not JJ ) source says the group is `` most famous '' for .	23	24	VBZ	says	say
as the money supply is increased , the real stock of money NNS VBZ the NNP ' level , and thus NN on goods is increased to VB the JJ balance .	9	13	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
after NNP , the trail turns more toward the dry side of the island .	4	5	VBZ	turns	turn
his favorite creation is the NNP NNP , a JJ , JJ NN of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are JJ diamond runs that are usually only open at the end of the skiing season due to VB danger .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the uk , retained NNS are responsible for VBG community fire safety work alongside their full-time colleagues .	5	6	VBP	are	is
another goal of the NN is to attract the best of the best teachers to the college and to enhance development of existing teachers .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other bodies within the solar system have extremely thin NNS not in equilibrium .	1	6	VBP	have	has
current NNP editions are available based on a medieval french translation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
but the dictionary definition of a fruit is JJ for things that are RB fruits - and only difficult in JJ terms when things like NNP is considered to be a fruit .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
unreleased material ( including NN , NNS , NNS , JJ recordings ) is in general not notable ; however , it may be notable if it has significant independent coverage in reliable sources .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
due to their RB coloured flowers , these NNS attract birds and insects ( such as NNS ) that feed on flower NN .	8	9	VBP	attract	attracts
this information is perfectly legitimate on a personal blog , just not on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN and long crown is almost identical in both the NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the hall has a seating capacity of 2 , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the uniform is a NN of those worn by general george washington and his staff during the war for independence in the late 18th century .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia users , like myself , find that association extremely problematic for such a huge JJ presence .	1	6	VBP	find	finds
democratic candidate is jay NNP beating out dean NNP and mike small at the convention .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
things linking to darwin , australia and port darwin are JJ to darwin , northern territory .	0	9	VBP	are	is
if you see the article on [ [ eye color ] ] , grey eyes are just a variant of blue eyes .	14	15	VBP	are	is
in the future , i think people need to understand exactly why we do n't , as a matter of practice , RB delete hoax articles , especially well written hoax articles , without discussion .	6	7	VBP	need	needs
this route takes 4 days in total .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
to this day , the towns of NNP and west NNP remain by far the most JJ , RB populated , and RB , RB , and NN in the west essex area .	5	11	VBP	remain	remains
the women go to the old world village restaurant in NNP beach , where they will celebrate in their very own NNP .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
the rules describe a highly variable set of pieces , which will often change every turn .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
some muslim scholars argue that the gospel of NNP has been modified , thus NN is observed .	2	3	VBP	argue	argues
the collections and services of the research libraries group , which consists of columbia , harvard , and yale universities and the new york public library , are also available to students .	1	27	VBP	are	is
another version tells that the brothers josé and NNP NNP de NNP were the first to arrive .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
comment if he is not a professional footballer playing in a major league then he is not sufficiently notable to be included here .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
a binary search tree is a special case of the binary tree where the data elements of each node are in order .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the heavier NNS also lead to higher NN loads than for those of a higher frequency .	2	4	VBP	lead	leads
the novel tells an alternate history of planet earth in which the extinction of the NNS never occurred .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
shell stars , like NNP and gamma NNP , are blue NNS with irregular variations caused by their RB high speed of rotation .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the section of this chapter dealing with the NN of christ by NNP is RB the best known and most studied portion .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
but as a person gets more important , it 's right for our coverage to get deeper .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get
run in early february , the race is the third leg of santa NNP park 's NNP series .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this category is for metropolitan police f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in larry NNP 's short story `` NNS make me nervous '' , from NNP series , the protagonist , speaking in the future , describes his apartment as containing `` eddie jones NNS '' .	5	25	VBZ	describes	describe
NNP 's key industries are forestry , dairy farming , and NN farming .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the commune covers an area of 110 square kilometres and as of 2002 had a population of CD , CD people .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
his best friend NNP always helps him .	2	5	VBZ	helps	help
that final warning is from 28 june .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that would be inappropriate because the topic of civil war era war democrats is RB notable since it is discussed in great detail by historians and political scientists .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
all board members are volunteer and receive no compensation for serving on the board .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the house , which has two stories and an JJ , is basically rectangular with an VBG side wing extending to the west .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
it is VBG then to say that this function has a limit as a partially defined function on r .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the song contains the line why forty thousand NNP boys shall VB the reason why .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the thing will be built , and five incidents have to all NN before anyone admits to it .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the NNS produced are about in diameter , and contain four seeds .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the protagonist is the JJ dr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
admins are well within their rights to VB problematic editors who refuse to follow the rules with blocks .	0	1	VBP	are	is
on june 21 , 2011 NNP announced in their annual report that the NNP film project is now officially cancelled .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
window '' appears in the 2009 bbc documentary , NNP NNP in milton 's heaven and hell .	0	2	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP writes , `` so many stories ( bad ones ) end with ' .	6	11	VBP	end	ends
the town is at the north border of NNP county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since the NN point VBZ freely , the NN is very difficult to VB .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in canada , the venue is the queen elizabeth building at exhibition place in toronto , ontario .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP ward is to the east of NNP town .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS railway runs alongside the town , providing convenient communication with NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the JJ NN is up to 10 cm ( 4 in ) high and 2 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the idea which follows the presentation of the first theme is JJ in NN .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
redirect to mlb NNP series , not that i think that article is notable , but whatever .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the other suspect is NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
elizabeth NNP argued in 1976 american indian law review article that legislative history shows NNS of the bill were more concerned with NN of individual water rights against the united states , rather than claims against indian NNS .	12	13	VBZ	shows	show
furthermore , the clause only permits protection of the writings of authors and the NNS of NNS .	3	5	VBZ	permits	permit
built over 130 years ago , the barn remains intact .	7	8	VBZ	remains	remain
males are larger and bear JJ NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the sources seem JJ to me , so you need to clarify exactly how the new NNP , ny times , wall street journal , and other sources are not in fact acceptable .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the reactor itself is usually in a JJ room with doors that can be closed , and cooling NNS that can be filled from any water source .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
twin suicide NNS kill at least 40 people in NNP , syria .	2	3	VBP	kill	kills
this short article is about an event celebrated by the nation of islam to honour its founder wallace NNP muhammad .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is either a JJ or yellow dwarf ( the line is arbitrary and the colour difference is only from classification , not real ) , slightly JJR and more massive than our sun .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the objective of the game is to score goals by shooting a hard JJ rubber disc , the NN , into the opponent 's goal net , which is placed at the opposite end of the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
of more concern is the fact that the group he may represent is powerful , organised , fairly good at pr and has in the past been JJ .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
a justification is not the same as an excuse .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of this NN is useful in controlled NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i know too little about his field to judge his notability , but a google search throws up a few NNS which suggest to me that he may be notable , such as [ 1 ] .	15	16	VBZ	throws	throw
not even the second tier is fully professional .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
he has made the claim that high rates of VBG as the ones proposed by NNP are only consistent with the JJ approach to economic NN .	7	16	VBP	are	is
importantly , the `` actual murder , '' if such a thing exists , is absent from the text .	11	12	VBZ	exists	exist
NNP kumar 's personal life is as JJ as his professional life .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
her daughter is her VBG image with the exception that NNP wears her hair in a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the same is true if the VBG gate loses power while VBG ; if the incoming gate has a NNP , it will take over VBG the gate until NN is complete .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
a mutant , NNP possesses a `` NN '' ability that allows her and objects or people with which she is in contact to become JJ .	1	4	VBZ	possesses	possess
for protocol purposes , NNP positions VBP to flag officers ( e .	5	6	VBP	correspond	corresponds
prior to the show , 100 people are each given 100 seconds to give as many answers as they can to the questions that will be asked to the teams during the show .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the two clubs still work closely together to promote ice hockey in NNP .	2	4	VBP	work	works
also , people in this so-called `` southern chinese population '' do not necessarily have to be of chinese ethnicity , ancestry , etc ( just like how a lot of `` northern chinese '' are largely descended from NNP , NNP , etc etc ) .	2	11	VBP	do	does
while abc and espn have aired college football games on saturday nights for decades , this program marks the first time that a collegiate sporting program has officially been part of any major JJ network 's NN schedule .	16	17	VBZ	marks	mark
this relationship means that pbs member stations have greater NN in local NN than their commercial broadcasting counterparts .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the type of soccer played in NNP is mainly kick and run , where teams kick the ball as far VBP as they can from the back .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the remaining small part of east NNP ( the area around NNP NNP and NNP ) is in the NNP constituency .	3	16	VBZ	is	are
since most NNS are committed by people with whom the victim is VBN or related , a NN case is usually more difficult to solve .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
on the first friday of each month , the council VBZ the art hop , in which NNS VBP among downtown businesses .	9	10	VBZ	organizes	organize
upon completion of the game , the number of stars the player VBZ is VBN .	11	12	VBZ	collects	collect
the main house contains the president 's private living quarters and personal office NNS , as well as the reception rooms .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the main character of the game is a JJ old assistant detective for the NNP detective agency .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the section of the motorway managed by the welsh assembly government runs from the second NNP crossing to NNP abraham , NNP , connecting the cities of newport , cardiff and NNP .	1	11	VBZ	runs	run
the two men who help with the color guard are homosexual .	2	9	VBP	are	is
players take turns drawing tiles from a stack and laying them on an JJ grid , representing a kingdom being settled .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
special dutch drinks include NNP ( a NN drink ) and NNP ( a chocolate milk drink ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the level of NN is excessive even at NN size .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
marcus davis NNP said of her , `` her life struggle appears to have been a severe one , having a family of four children dependent upon her for support from their childhood , but RB did she triumph over all NNS '' .	10	11	VBZ	appears	appear
edit summary usage is also low .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as i stated , chinese law should not even apply to the chinese wikipedia since i believe the servers for the chinese wikipedia are in florida not in china .	18	23	VBP	are	is
this category page includes all those that have graduated or attended episcopal high school in alexandria , virginia .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
no one particular region seems to be more JJ than any other , and in fact , there does n't seem to be any RB VBN NNS within european NNP , with samples from each region matching some from other regions more closely than ones from the same region .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the NN bout between matt hughes and frank NNP for the NNP title is current president of the ufc , dana white 's favorite match of not just ufc fights , but all NNP and boxing fights in general .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the group claims that parents are not being adequately informed of the presence of NN teachers in their children 's classrooms .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the program also operates in the RB administered regions of NNP NNP and kashmir , and the NNP capital territory .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
the references are also not in NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
every year the party holds a festival for its newspaper , NNP NN .	3	4	VBZ	holds	hold
NNP people , also called NNP and NNP , are an ethnic group VBN in cameroon and chad .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the children have to use their imagination to turn the urban landscape into their NN , turning refuse into returns .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the nearest train station is church NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i agree that this article is redundant and provides very little context .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
on january 17 , 1971 NNP was asked whether he had changed his NNS and replied that `` NNS are not like NNS , one can not easily change them '' .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NNP river flows through this village .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
all proposal NNS are JJ ( the VBG researchers may see them , but they do not see the names of the reviewers ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the district serves all of NNP county , and extends into small portions of king and knox counties .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
play consists of a personal computer game that works together with JJ figures that represent characters in the game .	0	1	VBZ	consists	consist
the repeated NNS send him into NN arrest , but she manages to VB him .	2	3	VBP	send	sends
RB the exhibition follows the journey of a designed product by socially VBG it in barcelona , specifically and more generally throughout spain .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
the oldest church in NNP , it dates from the 13th century and named after NNP NNP or st .	2	7	VBZ	dates	date
no change in form takes form in the noun .	1	4	VBZ	takes	take
the drink is JJ in the northern basque country and is also found in the rest of france and parts of europe .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN , common name the NN olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the NNS .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
support he is a good NN .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the discussions are mostly on future strategy .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the themes of hindu art are almost entirely religious in nature , and the abundant and JJ world of the hindu NNS and a wealth of mythology offer an JJ source of inspiration for representation .	1	5	VBP	are	is
rumors continue to VB that king and NNP may VB on a final novel , finishing the tale of jack NNP and the NNP .	0	1	VBP	continue	continues
the 64 meter high tower is already on NNP visible pass towards NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
on the one hand , if one editor is gone , this NN is inherently JJ .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
the interior of the house includes its original floor plan , NN NN , NN walls , doors , and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include
both sections of the park have a hiking trail .	1	5	VBP	have	has
this composite wire has unique characteristics which may VB the NN market .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
a critical feature of the NNP is that instead of thinking RB about NNS between JJ integration and NN ( i .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ) in a NNP play NNP , which bears a number of similarities to the western swan maiden legends , the legend says it occurred on the beach of NNP , now a part of the city of NNP .	23	24	VBZ	says	say
NNS come in numerous colors and varieties and have a long history in popular culture .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
the station is the terminal of the NNP line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
user pages are not strictly part of the encyclopedia .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the school 's teams are known as the blue devils , and their colors are JJ and white .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i know that deleted pages are there when i view or edit the watchlist .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the space colony 's NNP `` the center of gravity '' is also absent and the original song `` orbital move '' is present in its place .	17	22	VBZ	is	are
if those awards and merits are real , and notable , there should be some kind of source about them .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the programmes start each year in september , they last two years and consist of 120 NNP credits .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
to encourage employees to stay at the organisation , there are often NNS in the contract whereby if the employee VBZ before a specified period , they have to return the signing bonus .	19	20	VBZ	quits	quit
these players are often interested in additional challenges provided by games that attempt greater NN in their simulation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
currently , the problem is that in addition to the fact that the article strings together various NNS of a supreme being to VB an account of one above all , it cite nothing that VBZ its notability .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the inner surface of the blood vessel consists of JJ cells .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist
the book gives CD english NNS with their interpretations and NNS in NNP and russian .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
besides christmas , the church VBZ NNP .	4	5	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
NNP is a JJ NN , but the real world is a bit harsh .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the school students host them for a period of three months .	2	3	VBP	host	hosts
an NNP NNP NNP train crosses the NNP NN over the NNP river .	4	5	VBZ	crosses	cross
in the united kingdom , hearing dogs wear distinctive NN NNS bearing the logo of the charity ( hearing dogs for deaf people ) which trains and funds them .	6	7	VBP	wear	wears
the remaining fleet consists of 2 NNP golden eagle NN aircraft operated by 3 full time pilots .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
outside this genus , the giant JJ flying fox ( NNP NN ) is the only bat with similar dimensions .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
an example of this is the united states where interstate borders are open with very limited restrictions on movement .	10	11	VBP	are	is
his work mainly consists of drawings and installations .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
parameter NN takes advantage of the fact that the distance from the source to each NN in the array is different , which means that the signal recorded by each NN will be JJ NN of each other .	9	19	VBZ	is	are
the rules for the handling of the flag also vary from game to game and deal mostly with the NN of the flag after a failed attempt at capturing it .	1	9	VBP	vary	varies
often the former group lacks a standard han character , and the words are RB considered NN , intimate , NN , JJ , or more concrete in meaning than the JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	lacks	lack
an official ceremony also takes place at the NNP where there is a memorial to victims and slave workers of various NNS .	2	4	VBZ	takes	take
a particularly subtle mistake is to VB the forces that cause action and reaction with the actual action and reaction .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ structures such as living NNS and jungle NN can also be grown , and even large architectural designs such as live NNS , NNS , NNS , tunnels , and RB entire homes are possible with careful planning , VBG , and VBG over time .	18	34	VBP	are	is
the movie is available on dvd .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this style VBZ the first two albums , NNP i NNP 1 and NNP i NNP 2 .	1	2	VBZ	dominates	dominate
ad NNP attacks are not nice .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the improvements to the article are JJ and professional .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in addition , peter NNP VBD that ( if the letter is authentic ) clement may have been mistaken in his view that `` secret mark '' was a longer version of the gospel of mark written specifically for the RB elite .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
among other things that means atoms have no size or charge in relation to the universe .	5	6	VBP	have	has
VBN concrete steps lead to a concrete NN ; an iron boot NN is set in the bottom step .	2	3	VBP	lead	leads
the main translations are now all based on the NNP reference .	2	3	VBP	are	is
it seems some people think this term can be applied to any list , and many other articles .	3	4	VBP	think	thinks
however , not all hope is lost , since the NNPS left a `` JJ NN '' on earth , which was a NN in case if anything ever happens to the `` NNP NNP '' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the theoretical model assumes a probability distribution of the examples , and a function giving the exact target .	2	3	VBZ	assumes	assume
all the edits need to be thoroughly checked and cleaned .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
other important cities and towns include NNP , NNP , NNP and el carmen in the interior , NNP on the caribbean coast , and NNP on the pacific coast .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the mental age of the child that is tested is the same as the average age at which normal children achieve a particular score .	19	20	VBP	achieve	achieves
this combination of factors encourages significant wildlife movement and use .	1	4	VBZ	encourages	encourage
i that case , my vote is now delete all .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
emperor franz joseph i of austria VBD on the jewish population equality of rights saying , `` the civil rights and the country 's policy is not JJ in the people 's religion '' .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
born out of triple a , JJ , country and other formats , the NNP format is the sum of the parts that have VBN NNP music since its inception .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
in this indian name , the name `` NNP '' is a JJ , not a family name , and the person should be referred to by the given name , `` NNP '' .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
if an entry in the NN vector has a high value , then the corresponding term occurs frequently within the cluster .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
the NN continues to the southern end of town before returning to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the threat from north korea is that they will launch a NN at hawaii or maybe california , not send NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
its headquarters is in salt lake city .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS , and the newer essay VBZ the earlier work and earlier author at arms ' length .	5	6	VBZ	treats	treat
it appears that even the spelling of the word is not yet settled .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are lance shaped , VBN , and VB at tip , about 2 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some designs also make the NN NN , preventing burns that often occur when children VB into open fires .	1	3	VBP	make	makes
the basis of this method is the classical NNP reaction between an acid NN and a compound containing an active hydrogen atom , such as an NN or alcohol , NNS , NN , NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
previous name is also a password .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film features an appearance by the band NNPS for the roller coaster 's opening concert , playing the songs `` fill VBZ up '' and `` big boy '' from their 1975 album big beat .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
i do n't know where the idea that heavy metal NN is a problem comes from , and i seriously doubt it .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
recently i have populated the list of NNP NNS and i feel that the list has great potential for NNP .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
in consumer equipment , a NN plate is RB a sign of an JJ tube .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
other football teams within the town include NNP 's sports football club who play at NNP lane and pen mill football NNP NNP athletics club was founded in 1969 , and has produced many international athletes since its creation .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
this JJ collaboration among NNP , NNP and mit represents an JJ commitment to promoting engineering innovation and excellence .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent
if they keep coming , you can see if you can do something with the information the email provides to identify the person making the password requests .	17	18	VBZ	provides	provide
there are three genera in the family , although some NNS separate many species from NNP into a fourth genus NNP .	10	11	VBP	separate	separates
if you think such notability has been demonstrated , please explain how - references from reliable independent sources talking about the the subject are what we need , and the 7 days that this discussion will run for should be plenty of time to find them should they exist .	13	23	VBP	are	is
a form usually demands strict NN to the established guidelines that to some poets may seem VBG , while other poets view the JJ structure as a challenge to be innovative and creative while staying within the guidelines .	1	3	VBZ	demands	demand
the stadium holds 35 , 000 people and has an JJ hotel .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
one example is donald duck 's NN , a NN called NNP in italian , created by NNP NNP and NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the group regularly sends expeditions to the islands and would make landing on them to assert chinese sovereignty .	1	3	VBZ	sends	send
the first instance of this is in a drinking song ( NN ) dating from the late 6th or early 5th century bce .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
i think the fact that the one paragraph is a ) NN and b ) NN and directly addresses the issue says something .	3	21	VBZ	says	say
platform 3 is a bay platform at the northern end of the station that is used to allow local trains to reverse , while platform 4 is a JJ platform that is used by east midlands trains .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the first half of the domestic season ends on 12 december as NNP heads to NNP to face NNP .	6	7	VBZ	ends	end
in scientific research , exploration is one of three purposes of JJ research ( the other two being description and explanation ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
water use charges have two components , minimum and regional .	2	3	VBP	have	has
one legend holds that the mountain is a NN of NNP brought to NNP by the first NNP .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
although winter temperatures are much JJR than coastal british columbia , this area is still JJR than almost anywhere else in canada .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP is a similar game in which two players take turns placing pieces and try to VB them in certain ways .	8	9	VBP	take	takes
the `` wu '' school of NN playing currently centered in NNP takes him as a leading figure ; noted players to VB his style include wang duo and yuan NNP .	4	12	VBZ	takes	take
binary NN compounds , the metal NNS , contain NN in NN state less than iii .	2	8	VBP	contain	contains
it would appear that that study says that a JJ NN infection can be VBN with a single application of an JJ NN .	5	6	VBZ	says	say
the team currently competes in the world touring car championship .	1	3	VBZ	competes	compete
the game allows alexander to live longer than the 33 years of his actual life .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the second enlarged edition , a JJ book , also written in 17th century dutch , presents a rather complicated mixture of various texts with encyclopedic details .	3	16	VBZ	presents	present
in NNS , the JJ structure VBZ into a JJ ring instead of the more typical JJ ring ( c ring ) .	5	6	VBZ	closes	close
in fact , many contemporary flags , especially at icon size , are not JJ to most readers .	5	12	VBP	are	is
currently , five major manufacturers compete in this market ; see links below .	4	5	VBP	compete	competes
a few examples of crazy items are japanese NN rice , NN , NNS , and strange little NNS that may VB santa .	2	6	VBP	are	is
this event attracts thousands of visitors from all over the st .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
the two most popular NNS for NN houses are a small heat pump , which also provides JJ , or a central NN ( NN ) air NN with water VBG from the water NN .	4	8	VBP	are	is
unnecessary problems should be avoided and prevented , and JJ editors deserve a warning .	10	11	VBP	deserve	deserves
before the girls leave , jay asks the girls to reveal the biggest NN about the girls .	2	3	VBP	leave	leaves
however his ideas were not taken seriously and a general perception formed among NNS that only when a focused activity is performed does the brain ( or a part of the brain ) become active .	10	22	VBZ	does	do
i do n't know if the community is capable of VBG some issues by themselves , RB , and imo they depend on arbcom to do all that work for them instead of doing the collective `` NN '' themselves .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the road enters NNP , which lies on the northern slopes of the sierra de NNP overlooking a reservoir and NNP de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
a variant of this system , also defined in iso 9 , allows for NNS rather than NNS in more cases , using NNS , NN , VBP rather than NNS , NNP , NNP for NNP NNP , NNP , NNP .	1	12	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP NNP said that the game is JJ and offers little challenge and that it would have been better as a pure shoot VBZ up ; he pointed to a special password ( `` NNP '' ) in which players can enter to bypass all of the NNP portions .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
VBN sections include classified data , primarily regarding JJ figures and national security issues , with the exception of vietnam .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this NN is now under the great NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while certain biographical details are slightly different in the original television series and the subsequent book series , NNP NNP has a number of definite character traits that are constant .	3	4	VBP	are	is
listeners do the opposite , VBG sounds which are easy to distinguish even if difficult to VB .	0	1	VBP	do	does
well , you may find this hard to believe , but other people are just as sensitive and vulnerable as you .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the fact that sinclair 's wife VBD against NNP 's at his 2005 trial is a detail that has no more importance in this blp than the fact that several NNS and judges VBN for him .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
this is not to say that title NNS take no JJ risks .	7	8	VBP	take	takes
an agent shoots NNP , george shoots johnson , and NNP shoots the engineer and places a NN on the dead man 's brake NN .	1	2	VBZ	shoots	shoot
evidence suggests that at least some of watson 's work was inferior in quality .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
it is important in petroleum geology because salt structures are JJ and can lead to the formation of a JJ trap .	8	9	VBP	are	is
RB now believes that the organization is a `` school for NNS '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
an exception is NNP , which does not sound like NNP ( sheep ) , but sounds like the sound that sheep make .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in 1888 the railways of new south wales and queensland meet at NNP .	3	10	VBP	meet	meets
this foreign food aid offers an JJ supply of food for the JJ families in bolivia but is primarily wheat grain , which holds limited JJ value .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
the NNP shores are home to bass river golf course , which is owned and operated by the town of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the most widely available version of the song ( as released on NNP greatest hits NNS ) places more emphasis on the eagles ' background vocals , plus additional background vocal NNS by NNP towards the end of the song .	4	17	VBZ	places	place
another explanation for increased NN is white flight .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
all essential factors differ in NN .	2	3	VBP	differ	differs
the living nature of NNP is due to the persistent radical effect ( NNP ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a short stretch of the railway crosses the territory of kazakhstan .	2	6	VBZ	crosses	cross
the site has long standing themes of where ( NNP ) name of recording industry association of america is show that it is n't american in fact .	11	18	VBZ	is	are
the attendance area includes the NNP districts of NNP , warm springs , and part of mission san jose .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the interior has a canvas by NNP NNP , depicting st NNP VBZ NNS to the virgin NNP , ( CD ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the night is warm , the sky is VBN in pale light ; they VBP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a common method of testing change NN is the NN NN , in which a blank screen is presented in the middle of an image and an altered form of that image that may VB the NN 's attention .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
even a JJ google search indicates a massive amount of public awareness to the festival .	4	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
its municipality has a population of CD , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when the NN is complete , the surgeon has the option of immediately restoring the NN , by VBG or VBG together both the cut ends ( primary NN ) , or creating a NN .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
all the images uploaded by him are in process of deletion .	2	6	VBP	are	is
i am inclined to oppose ; while not in principle VBG to featuring product releases on NNP , the products announced are not that NN .	19	21	VBP	are	is
the construction of the NNP NN begins with a square .	1	6	VBZ	begins	begin
this new design , including also a new disney channel section , is similar to the american version of the website .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
i am not certain about how strong the position is .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the salt lake city public library system 's main branch building is an RB unique structure in salt lake city , utah .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
their task is to VB them into learning the NNP as well as reading , writing , and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i was thinking of NN as needing to remain steady , meaning if one thing occurs in space , then it needs to be VBN for in time as well , and vice NN .	14	15	VBZ	occurs	occur
the devils lake NNP station is a train station in devils lake , north dakota , served by NNP , the national railroad passenger system .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this website includes content provided by k .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
given that the craft had NNS and did not rely exclusively on steam JJ NNS , some sources VBP that the first JJ NN was the launching several years later , in 1831 .	17	18	VBP	contend	contends
its objective is to ensure that the NNP sector becomes efficient , innovative and has a JJ and competitive product range .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to correct for NN saving time , a face needs two sets of NNS or a NN table .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
another alternative you could test first is to VB with firefox .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the dress code includes a ban on NNS , work boots , VBD or JJ clothing , shorts that fall below the NNS , athletic NNS , and chains .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the mature plants produce many NN , although most seeds fall within a few metres of the parent plant .	9	10	VBP	fall	falls
currently the team plays in serie d NNP a .	2	3	VBZ	plays	play
the story appears to be centered on the investigation of the book of the silver cross , an ancient NNP magical NN , and that NN 's accompanying NNS , magical weapons with currently unknown powers .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the game environment is fully JJ , with a `` NNP '' style of play NN each player enters their orders into the computer simultaneously during NNS in the action , and then are NN to VB during the action phase .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the singer is the rapper NNP rider .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , the point is that the market over the past 25 years , and the social changes that it has reflected , have been particularly interesting .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN NNS ( NNP ) are chemicals which VBP the activity of the NN NN enzyme family .	2	6	VBP	are	is
but a deadly surprise VBZ them on the planet surface .	3	4	VBZ	awaits	await
each article is from a different new editor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , the names given are sometimes JJ , but searching the internet for the process name generally gives more information on what it does .	3	5	VBP	are	is
max instructions operate on JJ or JJ NNP data types consisting of multiple JJ NNS VBN in general purpose NNS .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
his far JJ origins are visible in the typical surname .	3	4	VBP	are	is
if the subject has a clear birth name that he used himself and that is used by other reference works , then we should avoid using an honorary title in the article name .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the interior is much different as it uses a JJ NN gas operated system in combination with improved back components .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
w ultimately became parts of the modern norfolk southern system , and the NNP 's JJ JJ tracks continue to offer a favorable NN to hampton roads .	17	18	VBP	continue	continues
although NN NNS comprise JJ percent of NN species worldwide , NNP NN is the first member of this NN known from asia .	2	3	VBP	comprise	comprises
if the cause for the high NN count remains unclear , bone NN NN is often undertaken , to VB whether the high NN count is JJ or essential .	2	8	VBZ	remains	remain
the three obvious choices for NNP 's mate are a JJ dancer , urban , a NN named NNP , and the JJ falcon NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is
former money train car CD is in the new york transit museum and is currently the only operating NNP on NNP property .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ first movement is one of mozart 's most JJ concerto movements .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a second NN VBZ this shaft with the final JJ shaft , decorated with four arches .	2	3	VBZ	separates	separate
poles consider themselves dominated by the soviet union '' .	0	1	VBP	consider	considers
the NN 's wet NN is probably a good vehicle , too .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
however , the government is developing the national health service in which a package of services is to be determined , as well as a financing strategy .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
these habitats maintain a community of plants and animals , with the site being particularly known for its diversity of JJ species .	1	2	VBP	maintain	maintains
a bottom girl , bottom woman similarly , the NNP training manual explains the bottom girl 's NNS may include handling NNS and training and recruiting other NNS .	5	12	VBZ	explains	explain
deletion is usually quite inappropriate because , even if the street seems too JJ to stand by itself , it can usually be merged with some JJ article about the locality .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this work occurs on farms of all sizes , from small , JJ businesses to large industrial agriculture operations .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
for example , the process of breeding at least two NNS of JJ animals from JJ stem cells is both time NN and complex .	4	18	VBZ	is	are
claire NNP NNS as NNP 's other daughter NNP , while timothy NNP and NNP logan VBZ NNP 's brother and NN respectively , the latter of which have secrets of their own affecting their everyday family life .	2	28	VBP	have	has
a wide NN leads into the new wing , used as a community center .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead
the victim , NN joe NNP , has several messages on his VBG machine , all from women .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
the site is secure and VBD to VB the risk of vandalism .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
getting it into the gateway system can be JJ but their tech support is helpful .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
currently the chain has CD stores across australia VBG to NNP 's business model of selling NNS in high volumes and low prices .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP , whereas its product is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are utilized to VB the overall cost of the network , and to VB the amount of data that has to be VBN through a central NN site ( or sites ) of a star or JJ network .	1	2	VBP	are	is
power rangers lists VBG ; however , i am not sure they are such that would justify a block ( the number of nominations you have is nowhere near the number that others have that i do find disruptive ) .	21	26	VBZ	is	are
the court held that an actual JJ belief that one is not violating the tax law , based on a NN caused by the complexity of the tax law , VBZ NN , even if that belief is JJ or JJ .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
IN NNS form the NNP NNP ( 180 degrees ) , 360 NNP , CD NNP , etc .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
some floors feature VBN NN gardens on their south faces , and the top floors feature two NNS of JJ NN offices with JJ NNS .	14	15	VBP	feature	features
well , the google search makes close to a million hits .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make
in JJ NNS , the situation is more complex .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ eggs are somewhat JJ and after the first divisions of the VBN egg , the produced cells are all NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this tribe contains at least three genera .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the only source i can provide is the book 1 NNP NNP NNP de NNP en NNP y NNP which corresponds to the NNS of the first international congress of mathematics in civil engineering and architecture , section in theoretical developments of applied mathematics ( madrid 2007 ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the surveys include ones on home health care , dental plans , and nursing homes .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
other suggested tests include those for [ [ calcium ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] NN , [ [ NN ] ] , and other trace elements .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
annual NNS usually attract between 10 , 000 and 25 , 000 participants .	1	3	VBP	attract	attracts
excavations in the area indicate that it has been settled in the bronze age .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
afd discussion , not whether the close was proper based on personal NNS about whether the topic is neutral .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the most common treatment for serious cases is behavior therapy several other NN treatments exist , mainly involving exposure therapy and NN techniques while driving .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the earlier name is NNP NNP , NN from the , `` small valley of love '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
regular math is much better , it makes much more sense , '' says NNP lynn NNP , a student at NNP high school in NNP , new mexico .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it will be deleted as soon as an administrator comes to end this discussion .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
to be technical , the edits are deleted from the revision table of the database altogether making them RB JJ , but the text of the edits remains in the table that holds all the text .	23	27	VBZ	remains	remain
some bulgarian scholars suggest that the NNPS became one of the ancestors of the modern NNPS .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
the noise attracts a large NN of NNS , and one of the NNS , NNP , is injured and left behind .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
the remaining issue is the status of the continental NN rights of surrounding ocean floor .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
opened in 1997 , the museum 's goal is to showcase the various doll types created by the craft factory .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
trees based on NN show the NNP as usually defined are JJ to the NNP , which may adopt similar forms .	0	4	VBP	show	shows
in latin , NNP ' means sense , '' ' means word , and all together , NNP ' means understand .	19	20	VBP	understand	understands
modules from the full-time programmes are available on a part-time continuing professional development ( NNP ) basis .	0	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS are a way to NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category is for NNS in morocco .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
see republic of france article , includes overseas territories with citizens and representation in national assembly , as should u .	4	6	VBZ	includes	include
the `` fair market NNS '' are an estimate of the average gross NNS ( NNS plus NNS ) for NN apartments of different sizes in a particular community .	4	6	VBP	are	is
a JJ reason that people are turned on by wearing rubber is its JJ abilities .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
a person from the other side sees it as `` NN '' and we all know the rest of the story .	1	6	VBZ	sees	see
NNP NNS are among the most rapidly acting of all known NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his recognised works from this period include such NNS as the portrait of NNP de NNP and his page and the NNP of saint john the baptist .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
this request is very similar to my second request , actually this request should be covered by the previous one already ; but this one is just for not getting blocked NN .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
NNP prime NN designation helps growth management and resource conservation efforts in urban growth areas to use NN and conservation NNS in order to preserve prime NN resources , maintain local economic diversity , and establish green NNS .	3	4	VBZ	helps	help
the reason for this is that this guy is a NN , and the wikipedia article is part of his campaign of NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this criterion includes published works in all forms , such as newspaper and magazine articles '' the ram NNP has print articles published in the mainstream and specialist british gaming press .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the museum covers over CD years of history , and shows the visitor the evolution of cavalry from NN to the modern tank .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
ga nomination , the user certainly has the right to do so .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
in new installations , these devices are nearly entirely replaced with JJ digital protective NNS ( numerical NNS ) that VBP their JJ ancestors with great precision and convenience in application .	5	6	VBP	are	is
shocked , the family goes in to see the body .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
it was close by the ferry boat crossing of the river and the swing bridge over the canal , a short distance from the original centre of NNP , around where the parish church now stands .	33	35	VBZ	stands	stand
other popular forms of irish dancing are for couples and group social dancing , such as set dancing and NN dancing .	2	6	VBP	are	is
its core topics are issues of language policy as well as economic and JJ aspects of linguistics .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the piece , almost entirely based on NNS , appears difficult at first due to its speed ( some NNS have VBN that NNP 's NN was VBN such that it went faster than it should have , due to extreme NNS such as this one ) .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear
students also have the opportunity to join organizations such as builder 's club , NNP , or student council .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the influence of NNP 's early interest in NNP is apparent in some of his films , such as NNP NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
certain NNS see NN in NNP as an integral part of NN where american and western cultures are firmly VBG themselves into indian culture , which is VBN , amongst other NNS , in NNP films .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
these articles are about the various individuals , not the organisation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP features include file sharing , task management , shared calendar , group discussion .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
but in practice a citizen is defined to be one of whom both the parents are citizens ; others VBP on going further back ; say two or three or more NNS .	14	15	VBP	are	is
like any other flash based product , the templates created with NNP have certain problems with mobile devices .	8	12	VBP	have	has
entrepreneur and business executive alumni include NNP NNP ( president of NNP corporation ) , david l .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the problem is that any group which `` believes '' in its purpose on wp can be just as JJ in making a false consensus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her family is one of the oldest and JJS in buffalo and she is carrying on a relationship with NNP riley , the NNP art teacher .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he states that this is not due to a change in the velocity of money , but rather the NN is due to `` fears .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
in the seventh episode POS NNP ' , kate and jim attempt a normal date on temporary shore leave but soon find out that the VBN island they are staying on is a base for local NNS .	26	31	VBZ	is	are
nursing specialty certification is available in JJ practice areas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the nearest permanently inhabited place is NNP station , an australian research station to the southeast .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
one option is to measure the NN frequency of a NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yes , to take one argument that has been mentioned on another forum , the sources are just the same academic sources as used in specific wikipedia articles on detailed subjects .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the event is quite notable , too .	1	2	VBZ	IS	ARE
then the NN begins , which represents the fourteen scenes of the passion before his NN .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
thinking RB , as the left hand side is the sum of two RB increasing functions , it is clear that there must be a single solution , and a little more thought shows that it must be between 2 .	32	33	VBZ	shows	show
the walls remain to VB level , with some traces of NN on the inside , but the roof has gone .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
most people with this disorder are JJ and often JJ , but people of a healthy weight can also suffer from it .	1	5	VBP	are	is
what you said about countries is correct because the borders are mostly artificial , artifacts of european NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
because scientists know precisely where they came from they are very valuable in VBG the movement of NNS .	1	2	VBP	know	knows
the family itself is not beyond regulation in the public interest , as against a claim of religious liberty .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
supreme court - `` an omitted fact is material if there is a substantial NN that a reasonable NN would consider it important in deciding how to vote .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
that book includes three short stories describing how NNP , NNS in the NNP and normandy , joined a NNP monastery .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NN assembly constituency is part of NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a piece VBZ an enemy piece if on its next turn , the piece can capture it .	1	2	VBZ	threatens	threaten
the condition of the area is now terrible .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ function is an entire function as it is JJ over the whole complex plane .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the image is currently only being used on the list of species of special concern in NNP county , georgia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
now , with the help of other editors ( tony being very helpful for final NN ) , the article is , in my JJ opinion , at least back at its previous fa level .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP acid is a NN JJ JJ acid , a common component of natural NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the newspaper survives today to VB a similar purpose , although its circulation is now international , both paper and JJ , and it appears daily .	1	2	VBZ	survives	survive
you have said ( excuse me for VBG you ) that text has to express opinions .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
an electron NN from the nucleus has higher potential energy than an electron closer to the nucleus , thus it becomes less bound to the nucleus , since its potential energy is negative and RB dependent on its distance from the nucleus .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
for example , the number of books and articles written about mary NNP and her literary works is in the hundreds .	4	17	VBZ	is	are
settlement at NNP green dates back to at least the JJ century , during the second world war , a camp school for disabled NNS from london was established in NNP green , run by the JJ national camps corporation .	0	4	VBZ	dates	date
a violent conflict takes place between NNP and sebastian , which ends with sebastian falling to his death from the castle NN .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
NNP ( NN case ) or JJ capitals is where a compound word or an NN begins each element with a capital letter .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the dam passes approximately of water per second , compared to the current average flow of the uruguay river at .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the disease is an example of a JJ cancer , which means that it is JJ and passed from one animal to another .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
little is known about her life before NNP xi became emperor , and although it appears likely that she might be related to NNP NNP 's empress empress NNP NNP , that connection is not completely clear .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
his writings only survive in fragments quoted by other authors .	1	3	VBP	survive	survives
other streams include NNP de NNP , NNP or la NNP and del negro .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
however , your mission becomes a life and death struggle when you encounter JJ and danger en route .	3	4	VBZ	becomes	become
these facilities provide the clinical and educational environments in which student VBZ receive guided experiences to develop the skills , knowledge and attitudes necessary to become JJ and confident practitioners .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
birth rates of people who later kill themselves show JJ excess for april , may and june compared with the other months .	1	8	VBP	show	shows
premier league teams in the uefa champions league final , since CD table shows how english clubs performed at the top level of european football since the start of the premier league era .	12	13	VBZ	shows	show
if there is low JJ reliability , it is likely that the construct being observed is too JJ , and the observers are all VBG their own interpretations .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
the NNS fall within the NNP castle and NNP river NNP site of special scientific interest .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
all are in the evidence phase , and no other articles are in the evidence phase .	10	11	VBP	are	is
unlike a conventional helicopter , this RB simple design VBZ the need for a tail NN .	8	9	VBZ	avoids	avoid
minor additions to and variations on his key system are common but the JJ structure of the tube remains almost exactly as he designed it .	14	18	VBZ	remains	remain
the story goes that NNP from NNP although was a priest , did not feel qualified enough to enter the race .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the idea is to take advantage of the way a differential form VBZ to a NN , and the fact that this restriction is compatible with the exterior derivative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
strong JJ way too JJ which means the prose is at fault , and the citations are JJ in terms of their lack of consistency .	15	16	VBP	are	is
NNP 's grandson is mike NNP , a former member of the house of representatives and u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i also removed the prod tag as i believe that an article that has been around as this one has for a while should be discussed properly before deleting it .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
his NNS are `` hide '' and `` JJ '' and he works for NNP production .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this page is a disambiguation page related to wikiproject new orleans .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sum of two NNS of a number is 13 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS find that NNP had been sleeping with the NN , and the NN had been selling private photographs of the family to a NN website .	1	2	VBP	find	finds
a password system controls the characteristics of each area .	2	3	VBZ	controls	control
historically NNP county 's largest employer the NNP piano company building is a industrial building on the northern end of the district .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP states that JJ NNS are slightly lower .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP founded the JJ practices of buddhism on the principle that the origin of mental suffering is NN , that the symptoms of NN are attachment and NN , and that attachment and NN can be ended by following the NNP path .	22	25	VBP	are	is
this encyclopedia is a collaborative effort , and the job of senior editors is to help new editors with these sort of difficulties , not VB them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my favourite though has to be andré NNP which was JJ my pet project and my most recent fa .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the machines in men 's rooms , when they are present , are most commonly for the sale of NNS , though in some locations they may be found VBG cologne , medicine , small NNS , or even NNS .	1	9	VBP	are	is
RB i would like to create a NN , in which the third variable ( here NNP ) VBZ the symbol or symbol color used to display the data points in the first two columns .	13	18	VBZ	selects	select
literally translated from indonesian , the term means `` wet NN '' .	6	7	VBZ	means	mean
because this necessary act VBZ much of their days , young girls are forced to miss school , and women have even less time to provide for their families .	3	4	VBZ	consumes	consume
this line is vertical relative to the NNP display itself , not to the physical world - if i VBP the camera , the blue line NNS in the picture .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
no oppose vote so far really explains the problem with the photo in terms of NNP guidelines .	2	6	VBZ	explains	explain
per NN NN use is strongest among NNPS , highest among women 40 and older , and JJS among teenage girls .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
oppose - NN link is bad .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the [ [ JJ ] ] age of currently serving senators is .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
in particular , if a minority pov editor is unable to recognize due weight , he can become disruptive .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
still , money is a JJ invention , and markets are more ancient than money .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the JJ songs are based on the themes of sex , VBG and different forms of NN while the pretty songs are JJ NNS that are based more on NN and love .	20	21	VBP	are	is
furthermore , the one who VBZ his words also has the full revelation of who that person is when he VBZ those words , though he may not realize it .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
his intention is not to VB RB forward to change society , but if the piece is good , one way or another it has already served its social function .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tigers baseball team weight room is over 10 , 000 square feet and has over 30 , 000 pounds of NNS and equipment .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
williams valley school district VBZ in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services , VBN to meet student needs .	12	13	VBP	receive	receives
one NN , however , is that new pages will automatically show up there as well , so maybe the third option is better , or , your preference ( though that requires more programming of course , so my PRP 's easy ' argument no longer holds .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
heath 's only writing credit is the instrumental song `` NNP '' on the 1996 album NNP , which he wrote with NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
until now the road has been in a JJ direction , but after green street green it turns JJ towards the valley of the river NNP , and it is at this point that the road pattern makes a complete change from its original route .	36	37	VBZ	makes	make
being about a controversial topic the article needs to be well cited , but it seems to have a lot of unreferenced claims and probable original research .	6	7	VBZ	needs	need
if we VBP our best ( and most popular ) articles ( and the ones NNS are most likely to see ) , we may as well VB the whole encyclopedia .	15	16	VBP	are	is
if anything , there should still be a sentence explaining why the speculation exists in the first place .	12	13	VBZ	exists	exist
road to world cup 98 ( commonly abbreviated to fifa 98 ) is a football video game developed by NNP canada and published by electronic arts .	0	12	VBZ	is	are
the first parameter is the unique identifying NN of the item .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but , it seems the larger problem is the JJ war NN , that often develops in afd .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
another redirect target option is property type ( national register of historic places ) , which is a section about u .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category contains NNS that are within the scope of the wikiproject indian cities .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP 's work is , `` inspired by the NNS of the design in nature and the environment '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the line through the station remains open and is today used by trains on the NNP northern line .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain
the section between NNP bay and quarry bay consists mainly of NNS built along victoria harbour .	1	8	VBZ	consists	consist
only one logged in user in all the edits to it and that user page has a external link ) .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
the JJ norm of a NN normally distributed random vector follows a JJ chi distribution .	2	10	VBZ	follows	follow
this route offers service during JJ rush hours only .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the name is from the old english POS ' ( cheese ) with a JJ initial NNS ' and CD ' ( special place or NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as things stand , the subject appears to be an academic doing a job , publishing a few titles along the way that do not sound NN to me .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands
person whose claim to fame is to have been `` miss NNP '' .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
for example , one NN of an JJ reader is that the argument `` i 've read it before '' is a JJ reason not to read a book .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
within NNP , gene order seems relatively VBN , and gene NNS are mostly related with NN of NN genes .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
only a few JJ examples remain , since the bread VBZ of the 15th century .	4	5	VBP	remain	remains
the college offers both undergraduate and NN courses .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
no reliable secondary sources cover these non-notable relations in the depth required for an article of any interest .	3	4	VBP	cover	covers
until then , however , the ecological balance of the lake is still on the NN , and many of the NNS that survived the peak population of NNS are still critically endangered and close to extinction .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the township consists of NNP town , which has five wards , and CD villages .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP la NNP or giuseppe NNP spa , as the bicycle manufacture goes by today .	11	12	VBZ	goes	go
that 's not anything RB a recognition of the fact that in such projects , unanimous support is rarely if ever achieved , and sometimes a clear consensus must VB even when a minority continues to disagree .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2002 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the varieties of the two NNS are ( a ) wan .	1	6	VBP	are	is
this version , JJ `` flower of the mountain '' appears on the 2011 album director 's cut .	1	10	VBZ	appears	appear
cold war passenger ships include passenger carrying ships designed , built , or operated during the cold war era ( approximately 1945 to 1990 ) .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
while some authors qualify NNP NN as JJ , others describe it as JJ .	2	3	VBP	qualify	qualifies
the degree to which diamonds exhibit body color is one of the four value factors by which diamonds are assessed .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the JJ score is a VBN score with a mean that VBZ test year to test year , and a standard NN of approximately 21 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
people who get an article are notable or famous in some way , so regular people are n't included and do n't need boxes .	0	5	VBP	are	is
on the other hand , the composition of a reflection and a rotation , or of a rotation and a reflection ( composition is not JJ ) , will be equivalent to a reflection .	6	23	VBZ	is	are
the person who VBP it is edmund NNP , a professor who shares quite a few characteristics with NNP NNP , who is now in prison because he VBD 11 of his students .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , the people and NNP 's NNP were talking about what her relationship with NNP is .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
some websites offer a NN service , where a patron pays the website owner in exchange for an online sexual experience with another person .	9	10	VBZ	pays	pay
same-sex marriage '' is not a subset of marriage , because it is not marriage .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the culture of egypt has thousands of years of recorded history .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
this subject has zero independent notability from his organization , the JJ NNP committee ( NNP ) ; compare his NNS sara NNP wilson ( not notable ) and mary rose NNP ( independently notable as a politician ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its primary focus is public policy advocacy and development , as well as , significant involvement in state and national electoral politics .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the two main contributing editors NNP and NNP are both spa editors .	4	8	VBP	are	is
agents of NNP ( 1988 ) , JJ by jim NNP wall , describes what the authors claim was a secret war against the black NNP party and american indian movement carried out during the late 1960s and NNS by the fbi under the NNP program .	16	17	VBP	claim	claims
the individual is well known in new york and playing for a JJ soccer club and tv work in the usa i thought would be enough to give that player notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the united states , some states and VBG authorities distinguish between the initial NN fee for internet access and the monthly , JJ , or JJ NN fee for actual access .	6	10	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
IN NNS are NNS of honor .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the restaurant is run by french celebrity chef , NNP NNP , while the head chef is NNP NNP .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
december 2009 ( utc ) the sources are extremely JJ e .	6	7	VBP	are	is
in private , however , she tells jamie wright ( eric NNP ) that the prosecutor does not negotiate and their plan is a NN .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the building is now used mainly by a theatre company , although a restaurant at the eastern end of the building retains the hotel 's original name .	13	21	VBZ	retains	retain
however , her attempts at NNS often end in comic relief .	3	7	VBP	end	ends
many married men wear a NN , a white JJ NN for evening prayers on NNP NNP , otherwise used by males on their wedding day .	2	3	VBP	wear	wears
the people there , NNP and NNP , are kind to him , and he has many adventures as he discovers the world around him .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the journal also has a special section for news and information , society meeting reports , book reviews , and shorter JJ articles on public policy an education .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NN VBG relies on the fact that gold is highly JJ to NN or NN by most common chemicals , whereas many other metals are not .	23	24	VBP	are	is
some NN VBG NN designs incorporate JJ NNS to allow the extent of the JJ effect to be altered by the NN or removal of NNS .	4	5	VBP	incorporate	incorporates
the village has a temple named NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the school remains a rival of kelly walsh high school , one of NNP 's other two high schools along with roosevelt high school .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
as a father , he made his children eat such egg NNS .	7	8	VBP	eat	eats
okay , but npov is not the only problem here , there is the question of whether this guy is important outside a small circle of fans .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
claiming that this edit is not in breach of your ban is an attempt to game the system .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ noise , especially when entry is likely to VB or be confused with an actual pop culture entry ( NNP ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the magazine presents complete coverage of the industry from emerging technologies to large-scale trends .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
all other atoms possess at least two electrons in their neutral form and the interactions between these electrons makes analysis of the spectrum by such simple methods as described here JJ .	2	3	VBP	possess	possesses
having money in the title does n't tell us that the song is `` about '' money .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
this property is in development and is JJ with the nature NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another reason for the prosecution of NNP was the article entitled `` the most JJ state of NNP is in NNP '' related to the defence of former NNP public prosecutor NNP NNP which was sent to the ministry of justice .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
a different approach to NN of probability NNS is JJ NN , where the NNS of the different measures are brought into alignment .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
if failure is unacceptable , then some further NN can produce something that will never fail , but simply give a rather large error in bad corner cases .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the author , in his NN , speaks against the learned and worthy disputes physicians held at the NN of the patient , and against their NN on foreign NNS in preference indigenous ones .	1	7	VBZ	speaks	speak
this type dates from the JJ period ad CD ( NNP and NNP 2005 ) .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
the site is also within a mile of the NNP national park , where many forms of wildlife can be found , including the norfolk NNP NNP , the NNP butterfly and the black swan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many people look to policy pages for help .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
this leads to a conflict with the law of NN by isaac newton , in which it was shown by pierre simon NNP that a finite speed of gravity leads to some sort of NN and therefore makes the NNS unstable .	26	29	VBZ	leads	lead
social institutions are merely NNS that individuals can use for their own purposes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i think this comment presents a valid reason and should n't be VBN as irrelevant , because of danny 's particular job in the foundation -- he dealt with NNS that often involved content on wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	presents	present
wyoming public radio was founded in 1966 , and the station 's format is similar to that of many other american public radio stations .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the iran men 's national JJ volleyball team is the national JJ men 's volleyball team of iran .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
dean at some a small college makes you notable .	5	6	VBZ	makes	make
her home in NNP beach is a national historic landmark , and a sculpture of her is located in lincoln park in washington , d .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
generally , during the first NNP in december , the resort offers a promotion called `` NNP NNP '' where , if one brings an item to contribute to a local charity , one gets his or her lift ticket for one fourth the cost of a JJ ticket .	10	11	VBZ	offers	offer
that page contains partial disambiguation and the article about the `` NNP of NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
during NN analysis , the organization determines the strategy to be used to ensure NN control by combining the JJ programmes and the NNP plan .	5	6	VBZ	determines	determine
for example , as NNP correctly notes below , the only real way to correct for differing temperature NNS is with an outside temperature sensor , which is obviously out of the question for a simple , JJ , consumer device .	12	19	VBZ	is	are
many programs require either an associates degree from an accredited college or a specific amount of related , verifiable work experience in the field they wish to study in .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
of the 42 stamps , only seven complete sheets of stamps are recorded , and with some stamps a pair represents the largest multiple known .	19	20	VBZ	represents	represent
each factor has a standard representation , which is unique up to NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
an international committee of distinguished scientists VBZ the winners from a list of nominated candidates .	2	6	VBZ	selects	select
NNS emergency services staff includes trained NNS , incident managers , emergency medical NNS , JJ materials NNS , and NNS who are on duty 24 hours a day seven days a week .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
it is on main street between pennsylvania and NNP NNPS ; the platforms are on an NN over main street .	12	13	VBP	are	is
time is JJ and eternal ; the cosmic wheel of time , called NN , VBZ RB .	8	15	VBZ	rotates	rotate
ward currently plays club cricket for old NNP NNP in the surrey championship when his school duties allow .	16	17	VBP	allow	allows
few subjects come to mind that can provide a better overall view of america in the 1960s and 1970 's than pro basketball does .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
all these roads have after the reform been converted to county roads .	2	3	VBP	have	has
land use in the NNP park is subject to the rules and VBG regulations of the JJ NNP park agency ( NNP ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this temple is the most popular NNP of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this template is used to check whether the given parameter is a month .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the fall of barcelona VBZ the defeat of the spanish republicans .	1	4	VBZ	declares	declare
the book is mostly for the experienced users seeking JJ technical knowledge , rather than for NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
empire , NNP includes many different ship types with their own NNS and NNS .	0	3	VBZ	includes	include
the key is useless , unless the NN is known , thereby the video format is useless , unless you have the NN to transform the video file back into a video .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another apparent violation that is not regarded as such is the `` very uncommon '' practice of a NN of the same NN of the field being VBN as `` JJ '' ; while well known in former times this is unusual in the extreme today .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
variations of the name include NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this event , which offers more than 200 scientific education sessions and an NN featuring CD , 000 VBG companies , regularly attracts 16 , CD , 000 people from more than 75 countries .	1	22	VBZ	attracts	attract
adults feed on the NN of various pink , purple , or white flowers , including shepherd 's NN , NN , NN , NN , and NN .	0	1	VBP	feed	feeds
NNP , and the water surface at the NNP river NNP is about CD feet ( CD m ) over NNP .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
first census of new france records CD families , VBG 3 , CD JJ inhabitants .	1	5	VBZ	records	record
the dogs go to a JJ machine and put on NNS before following the group of students , who are being led by dr .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
NNP 's chapter of the ice age park and trail foundation maintains an office in downtown NNP , with access to the trail several hundred yards away .	2	11	VBZ	maintains	maintain
these NNS describe how a man has developed in regard to how he VBZ to conflicts in his or her life ; he also said that people were never pure in any such orientation .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
in any given NN , only one JJ point is active , that being the one nearest the most JJ part of the NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in the JJ program , the assertion becomes the test , and the test becomes the assertion .	13	14	VBZ	becomes	become
the two sets of lists therefore are not exactly VB ; rather , the extant lists are a subset of the complete lists , and VBN by date .	15	16	VBP	are	is
my major project involving afghanistan is already on hold .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are light JJ grey .	1	2	VBP	are	is
only notable mixed drinks have articles here .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the moon VBZ around the earth .	1	2	VBZ	rotates	rotate
NNP has created a series of articles in this area , such as [ [ NNP death march ] ] and [ [ NNP of jerusalem ] ] , that some other editors think have npov problems .	32	33	VBP	think	thinks
since the study is non-notable , and appears likely to be a pov fork , i suggest it be deleted .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this latest move is also one of the few JJ cars available with optional side NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this topic is way to broad for focused collaboration in my opinion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
effect of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake on hong kong is extremely short compared to this article .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
throughout the film the characters engage one on one with the camera discussing their relationship to NNP and their reactions to his passing .	4	5	VBP	engage	engages
NNP 's desperate effort to twist my words in his favor deserves attention .	3	11	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the discussion of this study suggests the results may be applied generally to NNP areas .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
on the wings , the lesser and JJ JJ NNS are grey , while the rest of the wing is a slightly JJ NN .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
the band 's name comes from a saying of NNP 's son , eddie , about a toy NN .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the more recent social dances VBP from early JJ dances but are today NNS of any sacred function .	4	5	VBP	derive	derives
potential development areas for freshwater NN include CD , 000 NNS of agricultural water bodies , CD , 000 NNS of NNS , plus other areas in big lakes and water NNS suitable for cage farming .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
those kinds of JJ NNS are one of the things that VBZ JJ NN from JJ ones .	1	5	VBP	are	is
these processes cause the rock to look like it is made of layers like an NN .	1	2	VBP	cause	causes
a custom is an established practice or course of behaviour that is regarded by the persons engaged in the practice as law .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the journey towards the top of the NNP mountains , NNP asks NNP questions and their ensuing dialogue constitutes the rest of the text .	18	19	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
humans are unusual in that they have several copies of JJ JJ genes , including the one on NN 2 .	0	1	VBP	are	is
foreign brands are to this day not unknown in china , since their introduction with the advent on china tobacco and the NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
given the development focus of fair trade , related standards contain minimum requirements that all producer organisations must meet to become certified as well as progress requirements in which producers must demonstrate improvements over time .	9	10	VBP	contain	contains
this article incorporates text from the dictionary of NNP proper names by g .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the agricultural center of NNP includes JJ routes , three of which provide some form of service to NNP state university .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
the concepts and activities are abstract in this picture .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ white bar is placed just behind the eye ; the middle bar goes straight down the middle of the fish ; and the JJ bar occurs near the NN fin .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
since the tree line meets the water , the forest also provides an ideal shelter for the fish of the surrounding waters .	3	4	VBZ	meets	meet
the journalism class is responsible for publishing new issues .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
traditionally , JJ wheels are smaller than conventional motorcycle wheels and are made of pressed steel or cast aluminum NN , bolt on easily , and often are JJ between front and rear .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the competition from local schools , like west lafayette NNP high school , also demands high academic standards .	1	14	VBZ	demands	demand
these categories are some of the JJS to process - i believe this is because many of the individual articles are rather large .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NN has been editing for over 4 years , and perhaps you took some of the NN that regular editors use to be JJ in some way .	19	20	VBP	use	uses
in their article ellis and NNP state that active objects have much more potential for the development of JJ systems than do passive objects .	9	10	VBP	have	has
the player controls spider-man through six stages of JJ levels as he goes up against the JJ organization h .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the image is not needed to VB that he VBD as his NN was read and i do n't believe the image is iconic enough to qualify under that NN .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
other NN related plant structures include NNP , NNP and pearl bodies .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
as each state of india has to maintain a statutory representative and state mission house in the capital , to VB with central government on behalf of state , kerala house represents kerala .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
the song plays over the film 's end credits .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
gene loss or VB decay occurs when a gene is no longer used by the NN or when a NN attempts to VB to a new ecological NN .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
the governor of oregon calls out the national guard to break a strike on the portland NNS .	1	4	VBZ	calls	call
a group of at least 20 NNP may demand a JJ repeat of an electronic vote , a JJ which opposition parties sometimes use to increase media coverage of major votes .	21	23	VBP	use	uses
the figure distributed in europe is a NN of the g .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
without them , the article fails to comply with the verifiability policy .	4	5	VBZ	fails	fail
the township contained NNS , a large JJ works owned by thomas NNP that had a landmark NN ( which has been demolished ) , and a NNS ; there was a paper works at spring side in NNP .	32	33	VBZ	works	work
the meaning of the river 's name is unknown ( maybe 'the dark one ' ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
each player secretly throws a die and highest throw wins .	1	3	VBZ	throws	throw
proves that the NNP set is the set of JJ elements of the JJ closure of the NN preference relation .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the mormon NN `` in our JJ NNP '' employs the tune as well .	2	9	VBZ	employs	employ
the second section is of interviews with directors , NNS , actors et al .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep - internationally VBN player , regardless of how strong the team is .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
our mission is to VB kids with the rich content of internet , while protecting them from JJ content .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not notable at all , and the article is one sentence .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
most current track geometry systems only look at the condition of the track itself , while a NNP system also looks at vehicle dynamics caused by track conditions .	18	20	VBZ	looks	look
the stadium has a maximum capacity of 5 , 300 people .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the term of office for an executive council member is twelve months , after which time the legislative assembly VBZ new members to the council , although councillors are permitted to seek re-election to the council as often as they like .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the comic book is just a total NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
troops if they enter utah territory .	0	3	VBP	enter	enters
however , the main distribution points for NNS are NNP office , central depot , and the NNP plains depot all within the NNP NN area , and the NNP depot .	5	8	VBP	are	is
again this VBZ why NNS are inherently unreliable and to be used RB and largely when the original source is available .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the so-called `` VBN '' dog breeds tend to represent a very high level of NN , so probably show a low level of genetic variation .	6	7	VBP	tend	tends
both sides VBP incivility , and NNP VBZ VBG in real life .	1	2	VBP	allege	alleges
the film opens in kansas with the discovery of the dead bodies of four of the members of the NNP family by a family friend .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
the mouth is at the tip of the pointed NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many states allow NNS , convenience stores , and gas stations to sell beer .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
its purpose is to promote professional excellence and works in partnership with NNS throughout the country , to assist them to shape the future according to the changing and diverse needs of all new NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each mission is JJ , and the player does not have to worry about NN or repairs in between missions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their name means `` RB '' in the dwarf language .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
an important point is the organization and participation at NN events for victims of the national socialist regime , for example NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the copyright issues make this more complicated than you would expect .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
typical NNS of this activity include entity relationship NNP ( NNP ) , NNP NNP ( NNP ) , and an enterprise wide data dictionary .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
justice NNP 's statement in NN that `` a common defense often gives strength against a common attack '' was quoted by the majority in NNP .	10	12	VBZ	gives	give
NN NNS NN in some women , thus the practice has a rational basis .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the dialogue NN was composed for the feast of the NNP in CD , but the extant version is a NN from the early CD , which changed the NN and created a new third movement .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
NNS also sell email addresses to other NNS .	0	2	VBP	sell	sells
later releases include work by NNP and by JJ NNS NNP , who entered the us billboard top 200 chart in april 2005 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
that figure appears to refer to number of species , not of individuals .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
usually , the doctor is a man whose dedication to science takes him too far , but here his interest is to rule the world by creating a new species that will VB him and do his NN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
travel over the island is on NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the motorway connects zagreb , the nation 's capital , to the NNP region and a number of cities along the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
categories allow articles to be placed in one or more groups , and allow those groups to be further VBN .	0	1	VBP	allow	allows
its head is flat and NN , its NN pointed , with drop ears of the usual NN NN type .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the technique is most effective when the crystal contains both lighter and heavier atoms .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school finishes a week early for the six weeks holiday and VBZ the pupils back into the new school , giving them a new tie while doing so .	1	2	VBZ	finishes	finish
most days see an approximately JJ service calling at all stations , which runs beyond exeter to and from along the NNP line - more frequent at peak times .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
the subject is clearly notable and JJ , so needs editing rather than deletion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the aforementioned sources are not press releases or NNS , which is what point 1 is concerned with .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the site reaches CD , 000 unique users every month .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
another sales technique of the store is to locate NNS in the back of the store , which requires clients to pass by all the products on the floor each month in order to pay their next monthly payment .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
most NN flowers have a sweet NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
while it may be argued that the dead ( probably ) iraqi man in the photo is an JJ NN of iraqi civilian casualties , it would be as JJ to place a picture in its NN that shows u .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
the entrance is on platform 1 , which is mainly used for trains to and from exeter central and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a brunswick resident , NNP represents the 10th senate district .	2	5	VBZ	represents	represent
iron eggs ( NN , NN ) , are eggs that have been repeatedly VBN in a mix of NNS and JJ .	1	8	VBP	are	is
band , no assertion of importance , no NNS , most likely this is a vanity page .	0	13	VBZ	is	are
additionally grid references are commonly quoted in other publications and data sources , such as guide books or government planning documents .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the talk page also raises some questions .	2	4	VBZ	raises	raise
the mos wants the full stop in if it was inside the original quote and outside if the quote is a NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
however , if a foreign entity has legal personality under the law where it was established , it can be a party to english proceedings .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the new version is a soft opinion which is no different from many other JJ opinions on the JJ topic .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
three caves located near NNP at the edge of the NNP plateau , VBP the NNP age when farming , NN , and VBD stone tools first appeared .	1	13	VBP	depict	depicts
most angle NNS have a string or chain that lets the user know the set distance .	2	3	VBP	have	has
taylor explained why hot chip 's albums `` go from one mood to another so readily '' , by saying `` NNP music has been our first musical background '' and that he and NNP had different musical interests when they were younger .	6	8	VBP	go	goes
this name VBZ from the minerals from which they were isolated , which were uncommon JJ minerals .	1	2	VBZ	arises	arise
in all his work , NNP uses the characters he creates to explore the NNS of NN and identity , VBG the way in which individuals see themselves and others within cultural settings .	25	26	VBP	see	sees
though a patrol jet VBD to VB the missile is destroyed by the intense heat of its drive , the pilot VBZ a picture of it that is then transmitted to `` NNP '' , continental air defense command .	20	21	VBZ	captures	capture
and if this name format for NNP is more standard , support that format instead of my initial proposal .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
since a free particle is VBN to a surface , and unless the surface atom is highly mobile , NN is VBN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the JJ landscape covers most of the region leading the the NNP river valley .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the mascot is the tiger ( NNP tigers ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
earlier attempts to translate the russian term include `` the concept of CD close at hand , ' '' `` nearby foreign lands , '' and `` countries not far abroad .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
two updated recordings exist by the royal artillery - one conducted by its director of music major robert quinn , ( in 18th century style , albeit it scored for full modern military band ) , and a more JJ version , conducted by lt colonel NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
the video features carey visiting a movie theater with her friends , where she finds her lover with another woman .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
about 13 google results , none appear to be relevant .	3	6	VBP	appear	appears
each year in early march NNP hosts its annual agricultural show .	1	6	VBZ	hosts	host
one reason why JJ measures are so JJ in probability theory is the central limit theorem .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
JJ disease RB affects the survival of patients with JJ JJ disease .	1	3	VBZ	affects	affect
the congress is under the presidency of the bishop in whose diocese it happens to be held .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main NN contains 17 rooms .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
one well-known formula VBG from his system is the rule of succession , given as principle seven .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
transition into the NNP indicates NN has begun .	0	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
his JJ type of JJ language is sexually related .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
june 13 , 1987 ) , whose birth name is NNP NNP , is a music producer , songwriter and recording artist .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the website i 've never heard of and their NNS are apparently all circa 2003 .	9	10	VBP	are	is
v ; at the moment the only reference is a private web site .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
just the stuff since the unblock in the past six months is more than enough to determine that this editor is a NN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
artists keep their copyright and sign agreements for specific projects .	0	1	VBP	keep	keeps
through the consortium , students have access to books , articles , and other media available from liberal arts colleges in the twin cities .	4	5	VBP	have	has
i 've added , to the initial entry above , the context in which these are being considered now -- most for book reviews of books written by an author ( jonathan cook , as VBN above ) , whose wiki article is up for afd .	41	42	VBZ	is	are
glenn NNP is supposedly the only NNP member who knows the meaning , revealing only that the song is about violence .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
segments previous airing include NNP where songwriter bang NNP introduces some hit songs , and NNP drama where the hosts act out NNS .	19	20	VBP	act	acts
the three easily JJ places in the neighbourhood are jan plaza ( k block ) , NNP plaza and NNP centre ( j block ) and NNP market ( i block ) .	4	8	VBP	are	is
this estimate is JJ , however [ 1 ] , and does not point to any studies which measure the population of NNP speakers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment - if i find that the page becomes to big , i will not VB to VB this page .	7	8	VBZ	becomes	become
characters include larry NNP and `` NNP '' NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the NNS are full of dangerous and hostile creatures such as NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
including these lands , the reservation 's land area is a total of .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP members learn how marketing NN works in other regions of the world and have access to local resources for effective execution .	1	2	VBP	learn	learns
the protection of pupil rights amendment gives parents more rights with regard to the NN of minor students , the collection of information NNS students for marketing purposes , and certain NN medical examinations .	1	6	VBZ	gives	give
he wrote an account of his own life , but only a NN survives .	12	13	VBZ	survives	survive
the district consists of and is historically significant because of its association with the silver lake institute , a methodist affiliated camp facility established in 1873 .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
otto NNP showed that every JJ group VBG an JJ property is JJ to a NN of the JJ group of real numbers , .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
from NNP the roman navy goes onto NNP where the roman forces VBP the NNPS .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
preliminary research has shown NN may affect how quickly the body VBZ itself to be full .	10	11	VBZ	perceives	perceive
these efforts RB relate to the growing concerns about reducing NN gas emissions and VBG global warming .	1	3	VBP	relate	relates
the compilation features almost every artist that has released material on the label .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
comment not sure how this argument works .	5	6	VBZ	works	work
the main educational building includes office facilities , six classrooms ( including a fully equipped science lab ) , a library , and a computer lab completely updated in 2011 with state of the art computers and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the line has two pronounced curves , one to the left immediately after leaving the lower terminus , and the other to the right in the upper half of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the plasma flow appears to be sufficient to maintain the NN RB at or near the observed JJ level of ion NNS .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
i was in fact VBG NNS that were two years old ; the discussion NNP is referring to is still there .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
and the threshold of verifiability is not that NNP lists some possibly adequate sources ; it is that the wikipedia page lists them .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
once solved , use of the JJ NNP transform reverts to the time domain .	3	9	VBZ	reverts	revert
poor structure , history section really is more than that , the restoration section and much of the history section is really just about architecture .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
this type carries JJ organisms and NNS of JJ organisms .	1	2	VBZ	carries	carry
the bill also creates a stronger federal bureau of investigation presence by establishing a unit to work with the computer crime and intellectual property section of the department of justice that would have at least 2 agents investigating each case .	1	3	VBZ	creates	create
as the name suggests this style is from the county of derbyshire which is a mixed farming and sheep area .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the museum contains a nearly complete fossil skeleton of the important NN genus NNP ( similar to NNP ) as well as large fossils such as those of a NNP and a NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the first JJ fossil remains now recognized as NNS all came from england and were originally interpreted in a variety of different ways .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
their father is an JJ amateur jazz trumpet player .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in memory of the NN , the portrait of the monarch VBZ RB down in the local museum of NNP .	7	11	VBZ	hangs	hang
interests include NN , philosophy of mind , ethics , progressive economics , NNP , NNP , eastern philosophy , NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
graham used a call box to ask that a NNP emergency operator let her parents know she had run out of gas .	14	15	VBP	know	knows
all articles in the categories western football league seasons and southern football league seasons need their category keys VBN so they list correctly .	1	14	VBP	need	needs
the first frame shows the initial NNS at the time of generation .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
a fourth oil NN opens at NNP haven .	3	4	VBZ	opens	open
the project has 11 featured lists .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
my reading of it is that such language is meant to be as strong as possible .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the film shows the organized NN NN in cities , exploitation by JJ elements and sad life of the people who are initially forced into this profession and do not get a chance for a better life .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNP will serve RB as governor of virginia until his term ends in january 2010 .	10	11	VBZ	ends	end
these NNS use high quality materials and are manufactured in china , allowing much lower prices while retaining most of NNP 's quality .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
any network of voltage or current sources and NNS is RB equivalent to a single voltage source in series with a single NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
in iran , a small selection of foods is prepared to break the fast at NNP time ( just after the sunset ) and is RB followed by a proper persian meal .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the vehicle is now in a private collection in south eastern wisconsin .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the structure of these dances suggests a similarity with the en NN of lower brittany , with variations in movements or arm holds .	21	22	VBZ	holds	hold
the two VBG JJ forms are largely JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the film begins with a NN on screen providing the historical circumstances of the place and time in which the action is placed , and advancing the position of its authors .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP was most likely present at this event , as the painting carries the inscription ad NN CD ( `` from the life CD '' ) .	11	12	VBZ	carries	carry
the festival usually VBZ with a choral concert in NNP abbey , including rarely performed works .	1	3	VBZ	concludes	conclude
its powers allow NNP to turn whatever NNP NNS or sees into a snake .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
their mascot is the little giants , with school colors of blue and orange .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film starts with NNP or NNP NNP , one of NNP ray 's characters , telling some boys from his NN about NNS .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
customers of JJ internet service providers , such as NNP , use a NN to VB a local telephone number in order to connect to the internet .	0	11	VBP	use	uses
most countries also VBP the sale of alcohol to NNS .	1	3	VBP	prohibit	prohibits
your question seems to relate to JJ series .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
account has six edits , all to NNS and NNP .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the village has a large NN where a football tournament is organised every year during the independence day of india .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in modern times children use the bridge to jump into the deep river .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
strong keep he is notable in singapore and track and field is popular NN .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the current japanese term for the massacre is NNP NNP ( ) , literally `` ( the ) singapore chinese massacre '' .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the date goes RB and NNP and NNP decide to not pursue a relationship .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the center offers space to 11 arts groups in prince william county as well as NNS space to schools and other groups as needed .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
an account of the expedition is available in the NNP journal 2000 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
every sailing ship has a hull , VBG and at least one NN to hold up the NNS that use the wind to power the ship .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
per NNP , `` the authors ' statistical treatment of their obtained data appears to be VBN .	8	13	VBZ	appears	appear
this article meets all of the criteria to be a featured article and i believe it should be a featured article .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
the model is unique and built from scratch .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
let the admins deal with that sort of thing .	2	3	VBP	deal	deals
they approached the classroom with strict NN , wearing full suits and VBG that students rise when VBG questions .	14	15	VBP	rise	rises
although she is willing to help free the NNP city of NNP and NNP , NNP informs the group she will not restore NNP as king having recently discovered that his claim to the throne is illegal .	31	35	VBZ	is	are
line 2 is still in the planning phase .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the result of the debate was keep all schools delete .	8	9	VBP	delete	delete
NNP 's NNS follow him using a NN and rescue him from the trap .	2	3	VBP	follow	follows
december 2005 ( utc ) obviously the major NN is lack of edit summaries .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in NN and pitch auxiliary motors , the NN drive uses a combination of NN motors and NN JJ NNS with minor amounts of copper .	9	10	VBZ	uses	use
with so much NN from literally no NN the NN punch is wholly alien .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are pale brown NN with NN scales and few brown scales .	1	2	VBP	are	is
allow per above , the JJ block becomes JJ when a user is forced to display the notice against their wishes .	6	7	VBZ	becomes	become
the house has architectural influences indicating a transition between georgian architecture and federal architecture .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the name is a word play on NNS ( ( several ) helps in french ) and aids .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN has a camera to provide an aerial view .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
buses provide the only means of public transport , though several services are available .	11	12	VBP	are	is
though the book was considered a novel , NNP asserted that `` the facts and persons that i cited are true .	13	19	VBP	are	is
the verified author of the work has to explicitly release that under the gfdl , and that may not be enough .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
a google search for it produces a mere 2 results .	2	5	VBZ	produces	produce
that activity VBZ requests for speedy deletion and some vandal reports on users .	1	2	VBZ	generates	generate
the working song then is JJ to the merchant service , but one may hunt through the old chronicles without VBG a suggestion of its existence prior to american independence and to the establishment of a NNP marine .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the fact is that despite these differences of opinion , six separate editors reverted your attempts to VB your preferred version due to its considerable problems .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ forums and private NN make finding help and VBG with others possible within the software .	1	5	VBP	make	makes
suddenly , from out of nowhere , three mysterious knights suddenly arrive on the battlefield , one riding a lion , another riding a NN and the third a JJ .	9	11	VBP	arrive	arrives
i suggest that kim NNP assistance includes ensuring the content that VBZ the subjects website is released under wp 's licenses .	13	14	VBP	website	websites
as the race begins , ford 's men quickly VBP their way into first place .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the starting point is a JJ , JJ NN format called an NNP , which is just an NNP code VBG the data type , together with a block of JJ data .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
team kit colours are blue , red , white and black .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the fellowship comes with training and performance opportunities .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
japanese voice actor who is currently free .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
ongoing practices span the entire sourcing NNP , while NNP , delivery , and completion occur in specific phases of that NNP .	1	2	VBP	span	spans
liga NNP de NNP season is the 25th season of JJ football in panama .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
hope for life - is a NNP film starring NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP mann .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
arbcom cases are not policy , but application of policy in a specific set of circumstances to address a specific editing behavior .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other internal shared parts include auxiliary power unit , NN panel , flight control system computer , JJ collision light , and gear control unit .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
finally , the court VBZ a tension that exists between making the consumer of the parody realize that it is a parody of the original work and VBG the rights of the original owner .	3	4	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
the head has a few yellow ray NNS several NNS long and yellow disc NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
for example , JJ cells , which are not considered NNS , play an essential role in information processing .	4	12	VBP	play	plays
NNP NNS , `` NNS , '' or VB NNS are pictures of attractive women designed to be displayed , first coming to popularity in the 1920s .	9	10	VBP	are	is
there is nothing wrong with the list itself , but the title is just an invitation for pov entries .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the current president of NNP is rev .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this page [ 3 ] seems to say that NN NN cells also use the NN can construction .	11	13	VBP	use	uses
the district encompasses a portion of the former fort NNP , including a large number of historically and RB significant buildings .	1	2	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
NNS demand the resignation of NNP president NNP NNP .	0	1	VBP	demand	demands
users need to take responsibility for their edits , whether done manually or with an automated tool such as NNP .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
negative votes expressed over a dispute on a single article -- unless the matter was so RB bad that several people mention it , should not count for much .	20	21	VBP	mention	mentions
the goal of NNP is to encourage christians to get out of the NN and do something for god .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ conservative is anyone who believes in the philosophy of NN but does not necessarily identify with an official conservative party .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the organization hopes to have the site opened on a regular basis for NN tours to VB the public .	1	2	VBZ	hopes	hope
the community already has elections for some groups , such as administrators , NNS and bot NNS , but these elections are open to all registered NNS ( subject to certain restrictions designed to simply combat vote fraud ) .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
and the other ones are slight variations on other tracks .	3	4	VBP	are	is
another notable artist in this small and relatively new arena is NNP .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
canon law requires that the NN bishop NNS each auxiliary bishop as vicar general or episcopal vicar of the diocese .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
in the NNP code , inserted NN check bits are spread out in time so that an error burst is not likely to affect more than one of the groups in which NN is checked .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
in the case of an extended NN , the NN is unable to deliver consequences that would VB the NN , but they have enough in common with listeners that have previously reinforced the NN that VBZ control can be VBN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this village consists of about 60 families of different cultures .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
until further research is conducted and documented , policy is to delete .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in the peak summer period , from late december to late february , staff numbers increase to around 70 .	14	15	VBP	increase	increases
that is , the result is independent of the curve chosen .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
those NN rates are even higher in NNS with the condition due to the overall difficult nature of JJ care and an increased frequency of NN conditions .	2	3	VBP	are	is
after the NNP wars and the fall of the ottoman empire , heavy pressure leads to the muslims from NNP moving to bosnia and herzegovina , kosovo and turkey .	13	14	VBZ	leads	lead
recent developments on the issue include an article in the german newspaper der NNP VBG unfair working conditions , the reply by the mps supporting the working conditions offered to phd students , and a complaint in parliament by the german party die NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
first differences have a final NN of 1 , 5 , or 9 .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in the philosophy of alfred north NNP , one VBZ the NN of VBN NN when one mistakes an abstract belief , opinion or concept about the way things are for a physical or `` concrete '' reality .	28	29	VBP	are	is
her NN guard dogs have NNP joe surrounded and she offers to pay him double to switch sides .	3	4	VBP	have	has
when the player VBZ the shift key , the room VBZ RB down , and the opposite color becomes solid .	17	18	VBZ	becomes	become
the JJ NN is the NN , with presence of NN plant , NNS , NNS and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this production , VBN with JJ NNS of NN by scott NNP , VBZ the NN NN to new levels and VB the piece 's JJ political commentary '' .	1	13	VBZ	pushes	push
although VBN as an early NNP type , the skull bears some features found in the species VBP NNS .	9	10	VBZ	bears	bear
in addition , the whole school visits the church every may of each year .	5	6	VBZ	visits	visit
the people of the main island are of JJ ethnicity .	1	6	VBP	are	is
it is reported that at each murder scene , the killer writes the word `` NNP '' in its victim 's blood .	10	11	VBZ	writes	write
fox - fox strike cards represent JJ and JJ moves .	4	5	VBP	represent	represents
the top race NNP category sees the vehicles presented in NN form , with identical , strictly controlled mechanical specifications .	4	5	VBZ	sees	see
the association , whose patron is sir william NNP , bart .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
according to the eu , israeli actions increase jewish israeli presence in east jerusalem and VB the palestinian community in the city .	6	7	VBP	increase	increases
i do n't know how NN is considered on the JJ wikipedia ( on the french wikipedia it is not a NN , depends of the use ) , but it does n't seem very healthy to me that a person uses several NNS in a controversy .	40	41	VBZ	uses	use
venture NNS , once they choose to VB in a venture , do not give only half or a third of the amount they feel the venture needs in order to become JJ ; if they did , their money would be VBN .	26	27	VBZ	needs	need
the revelation creates a bond between the two , and they sleep together .	1	2	VBZ	creates	create
the new hampshire general court website has NNS and journals for both the house and the senate .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
today the area is a shadow of its former self with a population of less than 2 , 000 and has little to no commercial or political importance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
with the increasing availability of free and cheap NN internet access around the globe , a JJ , JJ lifestyle is increasingly possible for people to VB .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
all subsequent versions are a development of this version .	2	3	VBP	are	is
today , the NN 's former palace is a museum ; among other NNS , it contains some fine NNP NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP book seems to be largely a flight of NN , but he did dig up that diary entry by the sometimes JJ NNP claiming one of the grand NNS was rescued .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
party VBZ a society where all cultures have full opportunities to VB and develop .	6	7	VBP	have	has
the district covers 11 congressional townships , including all of the communities of NNP , hudson , normal , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
as a JJ order , the sisters rely upon faith that their prayers do good , as they can never see the results themselves .	6	7	VBP	rely	relies
the body operates in a similar fashion to the NNP for tennis .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
the trail follows a path along the north branch of the chicago river and the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
it is no NN that the beginning of the late ottoman era in NNP 's history begins with the end of the NNP war .	6	16	VBZ	begins	begin
the melody is a JJ version of an older , JJ NNP carol `` NNP NNP NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as JJ acid has two JJ NNS per NN , the ( effective ) concentration of JJ ion in 0 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the university offers guaranteed accommodation for all first year students , provided the university is their firm NNP choice .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the service connects with the NNS at NNP village tram stop and bus station .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
some historians believe that chinese did not consider VB a particularly important weapon , though in fact they were the first people to RB use NNS as weapons on a wide scale .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
typical NNS include grain , NNS , steel , coal , salt , stone , NN and minerals ( all in bulk ) , oil products ( such as diesel oil , NN , aviation spirit - all in bulk ) , NNS and passengers .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the game includes both a good and an evil ending .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
having a bot handle full protection of stuff on the admin page is a much more JJ response .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
rivers include the NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP , which are NNS of the NNP NNP river .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
when VBG a NN from developer mode , when the screen displays the `` sad NN '' image , pressing JJ produces a joke NNP screen .	10	11	VBZ	displays	display
those NNS VBP jail officials from showing JJ NN to conditions of NN VBG an excessive risk of harm to prisoners .	1	2	VBP	prohibit	prohibits
the novel , published in 1974 , deals with the events of the battle of NNP and the effects of the engagement on some of the main NNS , including generals NNP and lee , as well as colonel joshua lawrence chamberlain and general john NNP .	1	7	VBZ	deals	deal
for approximately the next , us 12 runs parallel to the border of north dakota , sometimes within less than a mile .	7	8	VBP	parallel	parallels
some monster trucks that are new to the monster nationals include NNP ( doug NNP 's newest creation ) , NNP 's beast and teammate truck NNP , and more .	2	10	VBP	include	includes
the world is full of dead people going to heaven .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the outcome of the project is a library of genetic NNS and physical NNS for every species of plant , animal and fungi on the island that will be provided as a publicly available database resource for NNS and evolutionary NNS around the world .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a RB JJ set is a JJ set of RB JJ sets .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this hamlet , au NNP NNP VBZ into two different counties , which is divided by the west branch and main branch of the au NNP river .	1	6	VBZ	spreads	spread
his goal of properly VBG the youth of america and giving children an opportunity to actively participate in society is still successfully being achieved to this day .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
your opinion seems to be that only deletion is appropriate here and my opinion does not VB with NNS .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
us , but this source clearly shows that this building in this location is notable .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
larger capacity magazines are available from other manufacturers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this is also the part of russia where the NNP population is most numerous and visible .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
consensus appears to have established that the subject meets the general notability guidelines and the notability guidelines for biographies .	7	8	VBZ	meets	meet
vocal 1903 NNP NN NNS la rose en NNP !	4	5	VBP	la	la
from then on , all the club shows were arranged and scored by NNP .	6	7	VBZ	shows	show
scoring is most commonly used in concrete work for decoration by making the NNS appear to be JJ lines from JJ work .	13	14	VBP	appear	appears
the states have a high level of autonomy when it comes to deciding how to VB tasks given by the national office , but most major programs are ultimately VBN by the national directors .	1	2	VBP	have	has
if the first set of wheels is 7 feet onto the bridge , the second set has not yet reached the bridge , and therefore only the first set is placing a load on the bridge .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the song finishes with the speaker as an elderly man , VBG on his pipe and VBG the lessons of his life , which he has no one left to share with .	1	2	VBZ	finishes	finish
if it is trying to get publicity through this , a google search will still bring up his userpage , because wikipedia pages get such high rankings .	22	23	VBP	get	gets
the nearest college to the village is NNP NNP in NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this category includes wikipedians who currently live in australia .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this image , while explicit and even offensive to some , is information .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the market has natural lighting and no NN to VB energy .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
like many other agencies , officers drive ford crown victoria police NNPS with at least one chevrolet NNP also in service as of 2008 .	5	6	VBP	drive	drives
figure 3 VBZ a derivative spectrum from a copper NN film clearly showing the NNP peaks .	0	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
their building is over and it can accommodate 1 , 200 students .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
english `` green '' fits , so the NNP word for green is `` NN .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
chapter 16 RB claims that the JJ colours of , for example , the NN wing patch of the NN and other NNS is `` JJ '' , the `` RB JJ NN '' serving to VB the NN in varying conditions .	0	3	VBZ	claims	claim
as its name implies , the municipality it covered two NNS , NNP and NNP , located west and northwest of JJ NNP .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
an interpretation of information is a NN of a pattern of information as being a representation of another specific pattern or fact .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
when the same procedure has been conducted using each segment as a starting point for the initial value of one , then a graph of final values appears .	23	27	VBZ	appears	appear
the gang gets into the plant but the driver , `` bo '' NNP ( ian macdonald ) , recognizes vic NNP as hank NNP ( `` he VBD me four years ago .	8	19	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
the common problem with deleting files is JJ removal of information that later proves to be important .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the product aluminium NN tends to be JJ , i .	3	4	VBZ	tends	tend
the remaining institution , the european court of NNP , is an independent NN authority ( due to the sensitive nature of fraud in the eu ) .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the JJ features of the NN itself most commonly used to describe a species include the number of JJ NNS , the degree of NN of the host nucleus , the size of the NN , the degree of host nucleus NN and the degree of host cell NN .	2	14	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's NNS show that the higher the JJ class of the person , the greater the NN that they had left the firm .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
this bent grass requires more JJ and maintenance than VBG bent and because of this has been VBN as a practical NN for current golf courses .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
his romance novel covers , painted for such authors as NNP steel , NNP NNP and amanda ashley , helped sell millions of books using a then unknown fellow NNP italian model named NNP .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the location features several bars as well as a large outdoor courtyard in the rear with iron tables and white and green NN NN servers .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the distribution of VBG companies is JJ towards JJ services .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
american NN to have anything JJ in it , though NN NNS and NNS often do .	11	15	VBP	do	does
the championship course is a regulation golf course measuring CD yards from the back NNS , with a par of 72 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
first battle of bull run first battle in which railroads play a decisive role .	9	10	VBP	play	plays
the plastic NNS are JJ VBN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the species range from argentina north to southern texas and southern florida , united states .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the rough plan here is that NNS may have issues which take up to seven days to fix , or more if steady progress is noted .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
although some projects require musical NN , they also VBP to make music accessible to everyone , and thus changed their name to NNP music making , from NNP festival orchestra and chorus in 1997 .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
from the way that people talk about them , i guess they are n't some JJ mass that you can just cut bits off until you get something that is small enough to just pull out .	4	5	VBP	talk	talks
if this election is closer than polls VBP , and we have to wait for the results from , say , washington state , then the final results might not be known until 10 or 11 am wednesday NNP .	6	7	VBP	predict	predicts
a separate , JJ NN is the bedford and milton NNP NNP , opening up a route for broader beam boats between the NNP and the rest of britain 's canal network .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a mother plant is a plant grown for the purpose of taking NNS or NNS in order to grow more quantity of the same plant .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
british fleet under admiral sir edward NNP defeats french at the second battle of cape NNP .	1	7	VBZ	defeats	defeat
NNP technology is organic , grown from a substance called `` NN '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , trademark means only apple can use the term because they own the rights to the term , so other companies have to come up with a different name for their form of the technology .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
other mineral deposits are silver , copper , NN , and limestone .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP conferences range in size from about 50 students to more than 1 , 500 , and have been held in locations across the united states .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
we find this inclusion is justified because these facts are sourced and we think they explain why almost all the population of gibraltar changed in a few days in CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
since each ticket number is sold only once , winners do not share prizes .	9	10	VBP	do	does
set during the american civil war , the film follows a NNP war widow ( played by rose ) who takes an injured confederate spy ( played by knox ) into her home out of NN , only to find herself falling in love with him .	8	9	VBZ	follows	follow
this shot is very commonly used in indoor sequences allowing for a visual NN of relationships between characters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the arms are similar to the old arms of the medieval state of NNP and the province of NNP within the NNP republic .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the church of san NNP is a church in central NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's clients include firms from the financial services , energy , technology , retail , and pharmaceutical industries .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this unique initiative is part of a global drive to seed the consciousness with global NNS such as love , hope , NN , consideration , NN , NN , NN , integrity , NN , acceptance , charity , NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the NN of friction is not a function of mass or volume ; it depends only on the material .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the mayor serves as the VBG officer of the city council in a first among NNS role .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the daughters of mary , mother of our NNP are a congregation of sisters founded by NN .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the book consists of 21 pieces of art from the NNP artists , likewise some selected NNS from the past four exhibitions .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
british army reports say NN had previously been captured by the NNPS when they VBD from the column , seeking the british .	2	3	VBP	say	says
NNS filled with air usually hold their size and shape much longer , sometimes for up to a week .	0	5	VBP	hold	holds
the list of distinguished scholars at the university of oxford is long and includes many who have made major contributions to british politics , the sciences , and literature .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
as well , performance art ( 1970s to present ) presented an JJ art form in which artists communicate directly with viewers , rather than through an `` object '' .	17	18	VBP	communicate	communicates
the first canadian big brother program begins in toronto .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
wp guidelines then by all means ignore them .	1	6	VBP	ignore	ignores
she does not use firearms , but can perform magic using NNP NNS , as well as use her staff as a NN weapon , though it also becomes an energy weapon when used in conjunction with the NNP .	19	28	VBZ	becomes	become
JJ NNS include , a new front NN for greater front NN and greater rear NN through a JJ floor , new NN and a boot NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
note that this version of the algorithm is not complete , i .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
best friend is the second live praise and worship album by NNP united .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that quote is from a section titled advertising and VBG JJ accounts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the epic side is not for me , NN and occasionally drama draw me away '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although having a summer cottage in the archipelago is more common among the NNP , the NNP are a small minority on the mainland , and so most summer residents are JJ , in contrast to the permanent residents .	29	30	VBP	are	is
NNS in JJ roles take the NNP case form .	0	4	VBP	take	takes
in addition to these two monthly events held at the preserve , one board member , a NN at NNP NNP hills , teaches a native plant VBG class in arthur johnson memorial park , which is adjacent to the preserve .	14	23	VBZ	teaches	teach
the mayor of NNP is NNP NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
that campaign has been successful in terms of 2000 standards , but the city 's economy is 2 .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the government places restriction on the employment of study NNS , arguing that their primary purpose of stay here is to take care of their children .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
in addition to NNP and NNP , the cast includes the cast includes willie NNP as NNP , NNP NNP as diana NNP , and NNP NNP as elizabeth burke , peter 's wife .	11	12	VBZ	includes	include
the knights women 's golf team plays its home matches at the NNP golf course .	5	6	VBZ	plays	play
the first reference to the NN in europe is made by a dean herbert of east NNP , whose mills are supposedly in competition with the abbey of bury st NNP .	19	20	VBP	are	is
google hits are necessary but not sufficient for notability .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although not clearly defined , the NN of JJ patent applications consists , at one point in time , in all the patent applications that have been filed and still remain to be examined .	6	11	VBZ	consists	consist
most of the times , the teachers win ( not fair !	6	7	VBP	win	wins
the proposed design VBZ on a feedback loop based on brain measurements of the NN NN area in the brain assuming that activation is proportional with facial NN .	2	3	VBZ	builds	build
if the only article on this NN is JJ , then there are no sources .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
keep quickly becoming a JJ term , found scattered across the internet , this article appears to be well referenced , and in no way is an NN as it is not promoting sales performance international , but simply mentioning it .	14	15	VBZ	appears	appear
the league also has teams in michigan and minnesota .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
spot is a 2008 documentary directed by adam NNP , founding member of the NNP boys .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the village is part of NNP west electoral constituency ( NNP district ) which is within the larger political district of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
from 1 january 2011 , in accordance with the NNP plan ( new administrative division of greece ) , the new municipality of NNP includes also the former municipalities of NNP and NNP .	21	24	VBZ	includes	include
the path to the peak of mount NNP is accessible by bus from the jr east NNP line NNP station in NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
keep - only if other virtual airlines articles are to be kept .	7	8	VBP	are	is
my alert about this user still stands , regardless of the JJ NN added RB in an attempt to VB attention away from the initial post .	1	6	VBZ	stands	stand
the men 's football team is now a part of NNP fk , founded in 2009 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the first section of the lead is now better .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
area maps from the 1980s show several scattered residences and abandoned buildings .	1	5	VBP	show	shows
kingdoms are equivalent to 1 and 2 samuel , and 3 and 4 kingdoms are equivalent to 1 and 2 kings in most modern english versions .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the greek mythology version is that NNP went to atlas and offered to hold up the NNS while atlas got the NNS from the garden of his daughters , the NNP which was also VBN by the dragon NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as the cells are alive and JJ , outside the body , JJ NNS are temporary in nature .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the system is an early draft and has not been discussed by the community in its present form .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS tells the story of boys finding a pair of NNS , and the chase that follows when a gang of NNS wants them , too .	19	22	VBZ	wants	want
promotional cards include `` NNP guardian '' , `` NN NNP '' and `` NNP dwarf '' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i 've RB heard that a good statement is `` no more than 500 words , and with extensive diffs '' , but if there are more detailed instructions , please provide a NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the paintings present a slight combination of the western style of arts such as the VBG method on trees , and other NNS .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
less populated states , provinces , or administrative divisions may be better represented in the upper house than in the lower house ; representation is not completely JJ to population ( or not at all ) .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the JJ results demonstrate wide mention and citation of this biography .	2	3	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
the average molecular mass is another variation on the use of the term molecular mass .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the point in having proper templates is to use them and improve the NN and NN of our content , not to retain old and incorrect versions that are more difficult to use and maintain .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
animals and most other organisms are JJ , VBG on oxygen ; those that do not are confined to relatively rare JJ environments .	0	5	VBP	are	is
several passages describe the merging of the individual soul with the absolute NNP .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
scholar community holds that NNP is equivalent to sanskrit NNP .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the name derives from the task the newest joined officers were VBN with , carrying the NN or colours .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
NNP test is at best JJ and JJ of generating any hard and fast line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the actual length and NN is a better guide .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a further JJ report tells of a male tiger shot in the NNP mountains in 1950 VBG with an estimated length of .	3	4	VBZ	tells	tell
the campaign mode in NNP of war 2 allows for a single player or two players playing RB as marcus or NNP .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow
vision 3d is an attraction found at disney 's hollywood studios , part of the walt disney world resort , and at disney california adventure , part of the NNP resort .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this list is a direct translation of the list published in NNP language .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wp policy that VBG to VB is an JJ offense .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a trigger pulse causes the circuit to enter the unstable state .	2	3	VBZ	causes	cause
the service consists of three NNS from NNP west in the morning , and three NNS from st NNP international in the late afternoon though the early evening .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the show opens with the crew of the show searching for wayne , when he suddenly flies on stage VBN and in a transportation device called a NNP .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
the topic appears to be contentious and keeping it open longer than the 7 days is probably a good idea .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
only the arabic source of abu NNP mentions the massacre , chinese sources of the tang dynasty history say nothing of the massacre and only mention NNP NNP occupying NNP and VBG after disease struck his army .	3	7	VBZ	mentions	mention
one use of the license hardly makes it notable .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make
the phrase `` from cape NNP to the NNP '' is , however , frequently used within new zealand to refer to the whole country , ignoring both slope point and some offshore islands .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
these are a list of neighborhoods with a majority hispanic population , the JJ information is the article is based on the NNS offered by .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
for instance , the broad idea that NN is the `` absence of belief in god or gods '' is not very traditional , and to some ( myself included ) much too general .	5	19	VBZ	is	are
it 's perfectly normal , though the explanation for it is n't entirely clear .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the point is that when we have a JJ intended interpretation , which we normally do , then it is not the NNS that define the truth of the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some people , such as myself , are interested in the history of golf and the world of golf .	1	7	VBP	are	is
an artist 's song is no longer eligible for NNP songs when the artist has had a song place in the top 50 of the billboard hot 100 ( or of radio songs before december 5 , 1998 ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think that unless there 's some sudden strong consensus right now to extend the trial , the original poll 's decision to end it as of december has to be honored .	21	28	VBZ	has	have
other areas of interest within the district are the NNP railway station , NNP underground shopping street , a JJ temple and the buddhist NNP temple .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the poster shows the NN VBD gilbert VBG the dark VBD taylor although that exact scene did not occur in the movie .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
originally , larry was a typical JJ NN , although on box covers he was seen as a cartoon with huge JJ head and nose .	11	12	VBZ	covers	cover
that said , one alternative worth considering is instead of VBG an editor solely to respond to a discussion at one page is to use a NN template .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
though most activities listed are local to utah we do have members throughout the u .	2	4	VBP	are	is
while this approach to treating NNP remains the current standard of care , the role of surgery in NNP is being JJ , with recent studies indicating that surgery may improve outcomes in some patients with early stage NNP and combined forms of NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	remains	remain
the section gives an ordinary NN ( a .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
apparently , the name `` NNP '' comes from the children 's NN of NNP 's name .	3	7	VBZ	comes	come
this equation of motion is similar to one originally proposed by NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a partial differential equation is JJ at a point p provided that the NNP problem is RB JJ in a neighborhood of p for any initial data given on a JJ NN passing through p .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i note that our science articles use a large NN of words that an ordinary reader would not know the meaning of .	5	6	VBP	use	uses
keep - article is notable because it happens at a notable track in a notable series of racing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
reproduction is JJ JJ as in other members of its family , with the young being born at under long .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the most notable temples in NNP u are the JJ temple ( temple of 80 , 000 images or temple of victory ) , NNP temple ( NNP NNP hall ) , the NNP temple ( temple of 90 , 000 images ) and the five NNP NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is
new editors who decide to be bold sometimes encounter the deletion process because the new article may be at odds with a wikipedia policy .	1	8	VBP	encounter	encounters
both bands also have cds out .	1	3	VBP	have	has
after VBG widespread NN in defense of the article , final vote count stands at 9 delete , 8 keep .	12	13	VBZ	stands	stand
his NN mother tries to kill her son and herself by VBG the pilot light and leaving the gas on in their one room apartment at night .	2	3	VBZ	tries	try
the response is up to you .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some psychological research is held to indicate that JJ punishment causes the NN of trust bonds between parents and children .	9	10	VBZ	causes	cause
if a page is JJ , it will delay loading of the page for 48 seconds , and then in most cases , the NN will VB before it even finishes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
singers learn the NNS of music theory and how to sing together as a group .	0	1	VBP	learn	learns
those parts of the boat are VBN in oak NN and NN NN with brass NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
route 19 ( us 19 ) is a part of the u .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
this database allows a researcher to identify which later articles have cited any particular earlier article , or cited the articles of any particular author , or determine which articles have been cited most frequently .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
only problem remaining is question of distribution .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the montreal borough articles have nothing at all to do with either of these places .	3	4	VBP	have	has
all some the keep votes are from school NNS that voted keep last time .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NN practitioners utilize both the NN and ball of the foot for striking .	1	2	VBP	utilize	utilizes
one approach to the design of NN systems that has seen wide use is collaborative NN .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the second and fourth stages are boss stages , NNP must fight NNP or one of NNP 's NNS in the second stage , and he must fight the world 's guardian in the fourth .	4	5	VBP	are	is
opponents of JJ economics argue that the NN theory of value is RB VBN .	0	4	VBP	argue	argues
his comment here is only a VBG not a NN that would suggest that he is ready to speak in terms of the subject and not personality .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
as the name implies , the primary duty of the NNS was to make a record of all the official business handled by the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
humans define the value or meaning of both his or her existence and the world around him or her in his or her own NN , and NNS between choice , freedom , and JJ NN .	0	1	VBP	define	defines
the tips of the JJ bones tend to grow more in males than females , creating a larger ( longer or wider ) nose .	1	6	VBP	tend	tends
the river drops rapidly in a 75 NN run to VB lake NNP , which is slightly above sea level .	1	2	VBZ	drops	drop
delete article has no independent sources and gives no indication of why this organization is notable .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
as NNP battles his siblings to maintain control over his followers , competition between their respective NN shows slowly begins to take over their lives .	12	17	VBZ	shows	show
since the japanese language allows for multiple possible `` NNS ( NNS ) '' for each NN , the reading of NNP family names written with the same characters varies .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
some have been RB proved to have no NNP doyle input , the composition of others still remains unclear .	13	17	VBZ	remains	remain
this category comprises articles pertaining to the 1969 big ten conference football season .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the `` official rules of baseball '' are practically as thick as the telephone book of a small town , whilst there simply VB enough details and rules to football to require the sacrifice of a good part of a tree .	3	7	VBP	are	is
his first teacher is NNP NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the original word `` NNP '' is probably more literally correct , but many NNP societies use these combinations in their NNS .	15	16	VBP	use	uses
the author , whose name is VBN , has an affair with a hotel NN , kelly .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
this record follows that of NNP 's death .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
further NNS lead to the identity of the NN , a medical NN at a nearby hospital , but no hard evidence with which to make an arrest .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
commonly the NN layer near the surface contains abundant ice .	3	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the JJ product of n copies of x means the NN of NNP , the JJ JJ product of x with itself , by the NN action of the JJ group on n letters operating on the NNS of coordinates .	2	8	VBZ	means	mean
his later pictures are his best , and are to be found in some of the JJS collections .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the boundary between the two NNS of the central business district is at civic square where the ridge to the west comes closest to the sea .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the models above are still NNS .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the city enjoys a considerable JJ presence .	1	2	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
this annual or JJ herb produces several NN , spreading stems up to 30 NNS long forming a low NN on the ground .	4	5	VBZ	produces	produce
the ticket office is open between 5 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
no one gets too RB declare a source as unreliable , not even an admin can do that .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
NNP , while the floods are a partial NN of another list and has been deleted .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this power is a legislative power and not a judicial one in that an interpretation by the NNP does not affect cases which have already been decided .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the concert band ensemble at the harry NNP music program is a course for continuing band students with a minimum of 2 years of study and experience on a band instrument either at a junior high school or through private lessons .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
however , some features of these NNS suggest it may be a JJ member of a line of NN NNS .	3	7	VBP	suggest	suggests
the hospital is the only teaching hospital in the northern province .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
today , the village is a residential community for people in the most varied of NNS , who for the most part must VB to earn a living .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this article is about town in NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at least the clock on this request needs to be VBN from now , because no NN was placed on the page .	3	7	VBZ	needs	need
while each game is JJ , they make occasional references to other games in the series and are connected in terms of their NN , JJ gameplay , visual appearance and general NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
major aims in the planning of new spaces and the NN of old ones include the integration of each classroom with the rest of the school , and the school with the surrounding community .	1	14	VBP	include	includes
while they are traditionally less capable than a steel coaster when it comes to NNS and elements , wooden NNS instead rely on an often JJR and more `` wild '' ride , as well as a more psychological approach to VBG fear .	19	21	VBP	rely	relies
while copyright is the primary legal mechanism that NNP authors use to ensure license compliance for their software , other mechanisms such as legislation , patents , and NNS have implications as well .	20	29	VBP	have	has
mary 's has the alternative where students are able to do charitable activities on spring and winter breaks .	6	7	VBP	are	is
however , other NNP factions in lebanon , such as NNPS of the NNP , in their opposition to arab nationalism , advocate the idea of a JJ racial heritage ( see NNP ) .	4	22	VBP	advocate	advocates
the page they want to delete is about to go to VB NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the processor is powerful enough to make NNS NNS with plenty of power , see [ [ cell ( NN ) ] ] .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school offers associate degrees and bachelor degrees in several fields .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
here , the route begins to curve to the JJ as it comes to the cr CD intersection , VBG back to two lanes .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
all articles of the paper are available on its website to NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
it is possible to graduate even in three years after the master 's degree , while much longer periods are by no means uncommon .	18	19	VBP	are	is
with this , the mining company loses the case and is forced to pay the women for what they suffered , in addition to establishing a sexual harassment policy at the NN .	5	6	VBZ	loses	lose
the magazine has nine international editions with NNP claiming its NN is above one million .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
contemporary film NNS seem to have a high opinion of the film as well .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
since formally real fields have VBN JJ forms ( NNS of squares ) in every dimension , the NN is only of interest for other fields .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
other gameplay improvements include fake shots , drop passes and lying on the ice to block shots .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this link enables trains operated from NNP to the west , as NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	enables	enable
the farm to market road ( fm ) that passes through dennis is CD .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
both observers notice the NN being delivered by a man with a child in school uniform , the day before school starts .	1	2	VBP	notice	notices
as the NNP for this category shows , it was a valid discussion involving several users .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
his uncle , NNP NNP is the head coach .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
its main function is to generate , or NN , a JJ image , given a virtual camera , JJ objects ( an object that has width , length , and depth ) , light sources , lighting models , NNS , and more .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS often show up in science fiction and NN game discussion boards .	1	3	VBP	show	shows
this kind of lists is many time the JJS to verified according to wp NNS , however this list do it well .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
what i find , however , is a pattern of reports in reliable sources VBG that such a phenomenon exists ( or is claimed to exist ) .	18	19	VBZ	exists	exist
any member of the shakespeare wikiproject is free to add or change the rating of an article .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
i believe this event is notable enough to keep as a NN article in wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many people believe that people who are younger are more prone to being NN and base their decision to oppose based solely upon this fact .	4	8	VBP	are	is
in older NNP displays , this JJ current ( which produces no significant VBG field ) is sustained along with the action of the heating element as long as the display remains switched on .	30	31	VBZ	remains	remain
the set includes the fast pack ( plus new shoulder and leg parts ) and a VBN NN frame for improved NN and hip NN .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
for example , criminals earn experience points based on how JJ their crimes are , while police officers earn experience points for capturing criminals .	17	18	VBP	earn	earns
very often NN will win a man NN and friendship , and then the time comes to ask for one thing or another in .	14	15	VBZ	comes	come
the course is a member of the tournament players club network operated by the NNP tour .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in other countries , such as the united states , no national health plan exists and the majority of private insurance companies do not cover NNP .	13	14	VBZ	exists	exist
the new missile VBZ capability , increases NN , and marks yet another system upgrade .	2	3	VBZ	enhances	enhance
in most cases , the more difficult the monster is to VB , the NN and more valuable the item the player will be able to take .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a third example is the amount of information on his NNS and family .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
advice pages change , and people NNP and VB their contents .	1	2	VBP	change	changes
round CD teams play home and away matches as NNP out stage .	2	3	VBP	play	plays
NNP 's hits include the songs `` NNP '' , `` we we '' , `` NNP '' , `` NNP NNP '' , `` FW '' , `` NNP '' , and her version of `` NNP '' .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
with no source to shed light on the relationship between the NNS , it is JJ to claim ( in the main article body ) that the year of the story setting is in the 7th ( NNP ) millennium .	27	32	VBZ	is	are
again , this solution is to JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
my hat goes off to you .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
when the NN looks at the `` baby '' she sees NNP duck NN , NNP NN through the NN , causing the NN to cry on the telephone , `` mr .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look
the current director is francisco xavier NNP , who replaced the founder of the NNP NNP NNP NNP in 2009 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the parish includes the villages of NNP where the church of st john the baptist dates from the 13th century but was rebuilt in the 15th century , and NNP the name of which is believed to be NNP in origin .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
each individual , group and nation is either in NN or NN ; RBR or later , all NN , rising in grade .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ teams compete in serie b in the current season .	2	3	VBP	compete	competes
through its exhibition , educational initiatives , and public programs , the museum serves as a center of cultural life for the people of jersey city , hudson county and the region .	12	13	VBZ	serves	serve
the date corresponds with NNP NNP , holocaust memorial day .	1	2	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
this NN has four hydrogen atoms bound to a pair of carbon atoms that are connected by a double bond .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
agricultural NN and water held in NNS higher upstream on the snake warm its waters as it flows through the snake river plain , so as the snake meets the NNP , its average temperature is much higher .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the film stars vincent NNP as paul , an NN on NN , and NNP NNP as NNP , a nearly deaf secretary whose colleagues treat her RB , causing her to suffer .	24	25	VBP	treat	treats
reform is an unincorporated community located in NNP county , mississippi , along mississippi highway 15 and is approximately south of NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
sources are all primary or unreliable .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the catholic parish of NNP includes the municipalities of NNP and NNP .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
this discussion is about the topic proposed ( happens to be by me ) concerning policy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , NNS are JJ particles and thus , according to special NN , they travel at the speed of light in vacuum .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these systems use NNS and NNS to move NN fluid around a JJ cycle in order to `` pump '' heat against its natural flow from hot to cold , for the purpose of transferring heat into a building from the large thermal reservoir contained within the nearby ground .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
in his book the game of logic he introduced a game to solve problems such as VBG the conclusion `` some NNS are not fat '' from the statements `` no fat creatures run well '' and `` some NNS run well '' .	32	33	VBP	run	runs
the player starts of with a standard machine gun with infinite NN and 10 normal NNS .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
one major difference from greatest NNP is that a fighter can be repeatedly VBN in the body and not fall down even if his NN meter reaches zero .	25	26	VBZ	reaches	reach
each division consists of the grand prize ( one million NN ) , the gold prize ( five hundred thousand NNS ) , and the silver prize ( three hundred thousand NNS ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the current website has equal focus on NN , football and music .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the age limit of the participating athletes is 20 years .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the sierra club VBZ building new nuclear NNS based on NN , until specific inherent safety risks are VBN by JJ political policies , and regulatory agencies are in place to enforce those policies .	26	27	VBP	are	is
this list explains why they were VBG , when they were VBG , when and where the legend killing happened and even why is the person considered on the list .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the state of other articles is not relevant to this deletion discussion .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
RB , volume 1 of NNP 's is JJ back to CD after the article , to once again line up with NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
as desire is easily the most NN of emotions , desire takes special NN in VBG those who think they are beyond emotions altogether .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
surrey 's JJ sides currently wear predominantly black NNS with CD blue ' decoration .	3	5	VBP	wear	wears
in social learning and clinical psychology ( 1954 ) , NNP suggests that the effect of behaviour has an impact on the motivation of people to engage in that specific behaviour .	14	17	VBZ	has	have
record mirror reviewed the lead single `` genesis '' , `` rather weird sound effects et al , but this is a group who have made a fine debut album `` NNS '' , and i think they have very substantial talent .	14	15	VBP	et	et
a local resident puts new flowers by the NN every day .	2	3	VBZ	puts	put
the main eastern part of the district is very cold in winter and moderate in summer .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP road connects barry to NNP cross interchange and the rest of west cardiff .	2	3	VBZ	connects	connect
in world war ii , actions of the italian royal navy ( NNP marina ) in 1940 also demonstrate the idea of a `` fleet in being '' .	5	18	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
our interest is in the scores of 55 students in a particular school who received a mean score of 96 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the waves of NN that move within a colony are apparently not VBN through NNS , but by a JJ process .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the community is a former mining town , and lies northeast of NNP mountain , and west of NNP mountain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all the society 's free and equal members live in happiness , welfare and their abilities are VBN .	7	8	VBP	live	lives
ray NNP 's 1967 house remains a landmark of JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
since the murder meets inclusion standards .	2	3	VBZ	meets	meet
JJ cake is a NN , JJ cake .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that company , swedish metro international , is the world 's leading publisher of free NNS , with 57 editions in 17 countries , including the NN papers in paris and rome .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
truth is , everyone but the JJ are already extremely tired of this discussion being brought up again and again .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
his grave is at the NNP cemetery , tokyo .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as far as i can tell , the current layout has two big paragraphs about history , one NN sentence about NNS , and everything else VBD into the first paragraph .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
granted , some cleanup is necessary , but deletion seems harsh .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
the centre has a variety of NNS and NNS , principally NNP which operates a JJ store at the entrance of the mall .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other well-known metal bands are NNP , children of NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , sentenced , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
therefore i just need to know whether NNS are a fruit or a NN .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the modern ethnic minority NNP people trace some of their origins back to the ba people .	5	6	VBP	trace	traces
ip range blocks put down , so maybe that will help , but as you will see from the huge variation in the addresses , this guy VBZ around a lot .	26	27	VBZ	jumps	jump
this edit seems reasonable as part of ordinary editing .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
this substantial defensive system indicates that this was no ordinary marching NN , and its size would have been sufficient to house a substantial force of around 2 , 500 roman NNS and auxiliary soldiers .	3	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
after NNP 's death , NNP 's fate remains unknown .	7	8	VBZ	remains	remain
people with this condition have very short arms and legs , a small chest with short NN , JJ NN bones , and unusually short fingers and NNS ( NN ) .	0	4	VBP	have	has
young girls in a child marriage are more likely to experience domestic violence in their marriages as opposed to older women .	1	6	VBP	are	is
NNP serves in asian societies as an icon of educational NN ( NNP ) ; the bell thus shows two wings , VBG the spirit of `` spreading the wings and flying high ; VBG instantly and VBG RB .	16	18	VBZ	shows	show
the NNS present were NNP NNP , sister NNP , brother and sister will NNP , and brother and sister dave mccarthy .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
NNP 's wife is not known by name .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the bishops are believed to possess the NN of christian NN ; priests and NNS participate in the ministry of the bishop .	12	15	VBP	participate	participates
in statistics , the NNP transformation is a mathematical tool used in constructing convenient NN of fit tests for JJ distribution functions .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
each panel control in the ensemble is capable of NNP NN in the host NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the next paragraph is not better .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as a new user , the first thing you need to know is that wikipedia is an encyclopedia full of articles about almost everything .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the list includes the june regular draft ( rule 4 draft ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the JJS term is that of dale e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bird life in the forests of the central region includes NNP NNP , NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	9	VBZ	includes	include
one study suggests a link between the rising rates of JJ syndrome in the developed worlds and the largely successful efforts of NNP to eliminate JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the coin depicts 15 rays above the JJ 10 .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
parade sponsors include wells NNP , NNP 's , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP bank , georgia 's own credit union , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP bros , atlanta NNP NNP , NNP insurance , southwest airlines .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the song features eddie van NNP using the sound of a power drill both in the introduction and during the guitar solo .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the chinese village that staged a rebellion last year takes part in its first democratic elections to elect its governing committee .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take
by the very definition of the term , a guideline is something that is not absolute .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this is because noble gases such as NNP and NN are highly JJ and do not usually form chemical compounds .	4	10	VBP	are	is
priests and brothers use the JJ NNS c .	0	3	VBP	use	uses
the beginning of this rivalry is unknown but it is known that la mafia and NNP would VB each other and were known to compete in who had the better live show .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
october 2008 ( utc ) the situation is a bit more complex than that .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the only original text i can see is the NN of the tv series , which i think if retained at all , it should be moved to the tv series article - although it needs a rewrite first .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the problem that i see here is that the burden of proof is on the articles creator and those seeking to keep it to provide sources that show that these were JJ NNS .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
located in and named after NNP square , the station has NNS and NNS along NNP street and NNP street .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the episode opens with jack VBG NNP , tracy , and NNP to `` season 4 , '' a fusion cuisine restaurant which serves the JJ food from the rest of america , `` NN NNS '' .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
in an JJ fixed point binary representation , this occurs when all bits are CD , but this is a simplified analysis .	12	13	VBP	are	is
although i do have some NNS as to the accuracy of the initial coat of arms ; some articles suggest that the eagle is black , which would make more sense as subsequent flags of albania have a black eagle on them .	18	19	VBP	suggest	suggests
the NNP image is about the strongest case for fair use that i can imagine .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it turns out that the only modification necessary is in the method for VBG pairs of random nodes .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
a NN criticism of inflation is that the JJ inflation field does not VB to any known physical field , and that its potential energy curve seems to be an ad FW NN to accommodate almost any data we could get .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in addition to this , a JJ goal by luxembourg against turkey allows NNP 's england to qualify for the world cup .	7	12	VBZ	allows	allow
while secondary sources are always preferred , primary sources are fine for something like this .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the commune 's economy is RB JJ , based on growing of grain , technical crops and plants .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
for a whole week before the opening of classes each fall , the new students are under the direction of faculty people who help them to learn about the university and its ways .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the village is home to american NNP community college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his NNS advise him to back off from confrontation with NNP .	1	2	VBP	advise	advises
a person controls his own behavior , JJ or otherwise , as he controls the behavior of others .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the orchestral program is one of few left in the city 's public school system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all good things come to an end and NNP ended an era .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
all profits from its documentary film NNP , officially released in january 2011 , go to the support of the project NNP center .	1	14	VBP	go	goes
list of the suite life on deck episodes is a fairly high maintenance page with editors RB adding information that is VBN and which usually is at odds with the existing citations used on the page .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
i just wonder , for example , if the fact that cloud gate is popular is really so controversial that the consensus of opinion would ever be in doubt .	9	15	VBZ	is	are
in fact these files , with the exception of certain JJ information , are open to the public after the inspection has been legally closed out .	3	13	VBP	are	is
NNP cloud provides all services needed for enterprises to VB mobile application and on a secured and VBD cloud `` mobile platform as a service '' ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
evans plays well enough on this set of JJ NN ( VBN on cd ) , but the material is generally not worth the intense NNS that it receives .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the proof is , you can reduce the [ [ VBG problem ] ] to the NNS of CD -- given a NNP machine that you want to know whether it VBZ , just decide whether JJ proves that it VBZ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the northern section is from old court road to frederick road , with the section from security boulevard to frederick road being called n .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
release CD supports the CD NNP model model 10 with all the JJ NNS and a full range of applications .	0	2	VBZ	supports	support
bath is one of only two uk parliament constituencies to be surrounded by another constituency .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
its seat is in the municipality NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many knights had tried and failed , so that many bodies lay about the mountain .	10	11	VBP	lay	lays
about 50 such `` JJ churches '' still exist in modern NNP , though they tend to hold catholic services only occasionally .	5	8	VBP	exist	exists
i could change my mind if more evidence regarding political NN VBZ .	7	11	VBZ	emerges	emerge
through the use of experimental and JJ NN and offering choice to students as to what and how they will study , such institutions distinguish themselves from traditional NNS .	23	24	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
yes , the page is CD NNS long .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in particular , the NNP rural community project provides information technology training .	7	8	VBZ	provides	provide
this article is about a building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this paper contains NNS about michael NNP and NNS of his work and contribution to game theory and mathematics NN by robert j .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
keep - it is usually well established in the show work of fiction if a fictional character is from another country .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the area 's name is after the first NN , joe king .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
besides , the group is n't anything notable - they have not VBN the history or current affairs of belgium , india , punjab , NNP or europe in any important way ( unlike the comments about muslims in europe ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's name , in egyptian , means the cat or `` he who belongs to the cat [ NNP ] .	2	7	VBZ	means	mean
the school attracts many talented students and has consistently VBN prestigious academic performances at a national level , aided by a high JJ ratio .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
the first generation generally maintains their culture rather than VBG the british social and cultural values .	2	4	VBZ	maintains	maintain
NNP size has nothing to do with notability .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
all schools in the group follow the english national curriculum .	1	5	VBP	follow	follows
depending on specific properties of the particle decay that NNS are interested in , they may desire to use a certain program for these tasks , but before the les NNP NNP , there was no general interface for VBG between the programs .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this approach is more concrete , and has the advantage of avoiding the use of the technically involved JJ product , but is ad NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
several unique JJ species VBP this layer such as the crowned eagle ( NNP NN ) , the king NN ( NNP NN ) , and the large flying fox ( NNP NN ) .	3	4	VBP	inhabit	inhabits
this channel covers news from the NNP tour , the NNP , champions tour , and nationwide tour .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
based on what i see there , the company is notable and a decent article can be written .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
n as many sites operate NNS , but do n't have wikipedia pages for them .	3	4	VBP	operate	operates
a little exchange on my user talk page where the user says that it is ok to say , that i make an JJ statement , followed by my third request to nevertheless stop doing this .	2	11	VBZ	says	say
NNP entry -- and there is none for NNP , NNP , the armor , etc .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the first long episode of the book is the festival of the NNP NNP , the NNP NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN VBG poll says it is supposed to remain open until the 16th .	1	4	VBZ	says	say
the basic NNP design is ok .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the new brunswick museum was officially incorporated as the `` provincial museum '' in 1929 and received its current name in 1930 , but its history goes back much further .	25	26	VBZ	goes	go
many vehicles have a NN control shut off switch for just such circumstances .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the most important intermediate stop is bad NNP , where the line connects with JJ services on the line to bad NNP and NNP , operated by NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
major NNS occur where it meets the NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the net position shown includes the gain by the liberal democrats of one seat from the conservatives during the JJ term , in the NNP by-election of july 2003 .	2	4	VBZ	includes	include
in fact i think that the lead section is RB short for an article this size and therefore object until that is fixed .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
fair use law permits the use of copyrighted works in other works without the permission of the original copyright holder under narrow circumstances .	2	3	VBZ	permits	permit
the school serves NNP to year 13 ( NNP to grade 12 ) .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
nonetheless , their first JJ exchange is full of desire and NN as she questions him about love and reveals that mr .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
featured articles are those that , according to wikipedia , VB the very best of wikipedia by being well written , comprehensive , RB accurate , neutral , and stable .	1	2	VBP	are	is
according to grant , variants between such NNS have a minor importance and the NNS VBG their NNS are just instrumental in supporting the interests of VBG NNS .	4	8	VBP	have	has
the doctor thinks he should be VBN .	1	2	VBZ	thinks	think
the JJ figures are based on a less accurate NN , and therefore the total is different from that for the JJ figures .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
current examples include nascar outfit NNP racing , which is currently related to NNP NNP , and formula one team NNP NNP NNP , supported by red bull racing .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
critical practice is the NN used by a critic or observer to understand and evaluate a field of knowledge .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this NN also contains a NN domain between its NNP and NNP segments .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
previous reviews seem to have found and corrected all the issues with it .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
these VBG molecules appear at the front surface of the cell and NN about , VBG NNS until they are VBN by a JJ pit and transported back , through the cell , to the front .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
not many books exist on the NNP , and none has been translated .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
an important factor here is that NN of these symptoms and the NN they cause varies between types of treatment and individual patients .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's article has no sources or real world information .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
case reports suggest that taking NN with NN or NN may VB JJ NN and decrease its NN , clinical reports indicate that interaction between NN and the NNP NN and NN may cause NN syndrome .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
finally , the last clause states that the image `` is entirely free because it is a work of folk literature and folk art '' .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
the end NNS have NNS and NNS rising to NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a trail follows the south bank of the NNP river upstream for to NNP and NNP falls , about a JJ walk .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the men are short and tan , while the women were JJ and NN came down with illness , '' and VBD at the JJ female population in the NNP region .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the mission of the NNP is to build and operate a JJ facility , to provide funding for tourism promotion in NNP county , to improve NNP league spring training facilities , and to build community youth and amateur sports and recreational facilities .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
francis , understanding jewish influence VBZ what macdonald claims are the `` background traits '' of jewish influence .	8	9	VBP	are	is
i think that the three initial reasons given are either JJ or NNS .	6	8	VBP	are	is
more recent examples of quinn 's work include park , which won the audience award at 2007 NNP , and the short film NNP , starring golden NNP america NNP .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
NNP the airport serves flights only NNP route with NNP aircraft with a capacity of 19 passengers .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
as of may 2012 the company has about 85 employees and VBZ six to seven acoustic guitars , three electric guitars , two NNS , and two NNS per day .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
another copy of the texts is extant in NNP , pp .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the natural enemy of a NNP is NNP as their only form of protection is VBG their NN heads .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the only recorded exception to this uniform diet is that they occasionally take VBN prey from a web rather than the spider who VBD it .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
mainly in franklin county , but parts of dublin extend into both delaware county and union county .	6	9	VBP	extend	extends
the party has around 6 , 000 members and has worked towards improving human rights and democracy in mongolia and protecting the environment .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
later sites in the southern part of the region show influence from the safety harbor culture .	1	9	VBP	show	shows
an aligned block of n NNS means a block of NNS aligned so that the JJ point falls between blocks .	16	17	VBZ	falls	fall
the ruins are generally open to the public , though they may be reserved for NNS or other NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the mother board i am looking at has 4 NN NNP 2 .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
this is in contrast to VB VBG analysis , where each region needs to be examined RB by VBG many NNS per NN , VBG more time .	11	12	VBZ	needs	need
it does n't matter what your name is , or what you are called in real life , or what name you have used in 20 other internet venues , etc .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP website features NNP news .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
they were also used in warfare ; the most famous example is the NNP military repeating air rifle .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
meat , NN ( white cheese ) or eggs might be added ; some people also use NN and NNS .	14	16	VBP	use	uses
the main goal of hydraulic NN monitoring is to completely VB the induced NN structure and distribution of NN within a formation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
powers include VBG herself as humans , a NN tail that can be controlled even after being detached , and wall NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
this is a stupid , page that makes no logical sense , which no one knows about .	14	15	VBZ	knows	know
however i was unable to decide what template is the best for it , so i just VBD the license given by the authors .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
notable firms based in nearby cities within the metropolitan area include arctic circle restaurants , NNP , and NNP .	1	10	VBP	include	includes
my quote is from the work cited , and is found on page 51 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
tone is both JJ and JJ .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the character appears in several stories , not just the tale of peter rabbit and there are plenty of sources that deal with the character in a broader sense , not just as an element of that specific story .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
this was followed by a clip of the exotic 1987 ad in which a NN woman in silk NN VBZ on a window NN on a NN night , VBG in a NNP bar whilst a NN NN is noted VBG over a VBG telephone .	37	38	VBZ	is	are
the guys then decide to sell it to the highest NN , starting a NN war between CD kong NNP ' and CD NNP ' .	1	3	VBP	decide	decides
comment - the subject is notable and relevant .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP risk in the young ( cry ) is a humanitarian charitable organization helping to raise awareness of JJ risk , sudden NNP death ( NNP ) , sudden death syndrome ( NNP , NNP ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
per the 2009 university NNP league official numbers , 2 , CD students attend the school .	12	13	VBP	attend	attends
the JJS man is here the most highly VBN and considered better than the others who are not so dark .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in this case , however , the issue at hand was the manufacture of cotton , a good whose use is not JJ .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
he VBZ a NN , but is forced to abandon it RB when a patrol boat comes near .	15	16	VBZ	comes	come
roberts has stated that his goals as NN are to increase the `` fun '' of NN and help encourage authors to contribute meaningful information to the sphere of NN while VBG the political NNS he considers frequently associated with the process of academic publication .	5	8	VBP	are	is
and discussion is the best way of ensuring NNP is applied .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the plain is by and large still in its original form .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he had a number of NNS and other JJ movements ; the signs described by NNP and others suggest that johnson had NNP syndrome ( NNP ) .	12	18	VBP	suggest	suggests
j NNP stalin this article should be deleted because this individual is completely lacking notability .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
i try to provide print references where possible but unfortunately , rugby books are frequently poor resources .	12	13	VBP	are	is
by contrast , the chicago NN hunt has at least a ny times article .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
tigers are strong NNS , and are often found NN in NNS , lakes , and rivers .	0	1	VBP	are	is
google news results are RB JJ , and reveal that the various sources cited but not linked in text are a series of JJ mentions in unrelated stories .	2	3	VBP	are	is
but it seems that each has a different idea of exactly what their JJ friendship means to the other .	14	15	VBZ	means	mean
critical NNS also exist for transport quantities like NN and heat NN .	1	3	VBP	exist	exists
NNP said , effectively been VBN on top , albeit by a somewhat more elaborate method ) the image looks artificial with the moon in front of the cloud .	18	19	VBZ	looks	look
an interesting letter from NNP to lord NNP is among the duke of NNP 's NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
individual JJ NNS are capable of forming unique responses to JJ cells .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a NN NN is a hardware for instance , which can provide random data based on its thermal noise .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
true NNS are widespread and occur RB on every continent except australia and antarctica , VBG a variety of environments , from JJ areas to VB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP set records for most points allowed by alabama in a game and most JJ alabama loss , both of which still stand .	2	22	VBP	stand	stands
but the suggested NN is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the name `` bad '' means `` spa '' , reflecting the town 's history as a health resort .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean
this technique is used to trick the reader is relating to the characters , as the lower the amount of detail there is for a character , the more able the reader is able to relate the character to himself , or to someone he knows .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
the reason is that was two years ago i have named like that and i did not like it , but now i have thought of a new one which is much better ; i would be pleased if you change my username .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the article needs reliable sources .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
from the bus station london bus services reach central london , NNP way , NNP , NNP and places to the south .	6	7	VBP	reach	reaches
whether a NN is in one piece or in two pieces being held together , the alignment of the atoms ' fields is the same , and the resulting external magnetic field is the same .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
this wave of immigration was part of the fifth NNP , and saw many jewish doctors , lawyers , professionals , and professors leave the country .	22	23	VBP	leave	leaves
the genocide scoring system is most JJ to a `` sudden death '' match .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this episode has deep NNS on the banking industry , where JJ NN NNS have become hostile to both wealth management products as well as the banking industry as a whole .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a historical attempt to define `` christian '' which is still highly regarded is the [ [ NNP NNP ] ] .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's cash flow , VBN by NNP NNP ( first hour ) and amanda NNP ( second hour ) , is RB NN and NN based .	18	21	VBZ	is	are
according to site , the photo is of webster at the age of 22 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
statues of king david and solomon stand on either side of the entrance to the basilica of el NNP , philip 's palace , and solomon is also depicted in a great NN at the center of el NNP 's library .	0	6	VBP	stand	stands
this site offers free online NNS ( which i have not tested ) about RB 9 .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
blp question , where new users get JJ , while experienced users get a personal message .	5	6	VBP	get	gets
as described in the next two sections , applications of NNS extend beyond their use as NNS in both food and NN systems .	8	11	VBP	extend	extends
under the common law of england and wales , the death of a person causes solely emotional and pure economic loss to their relatives .	10	14	VBZ	causes	cause
the eighth grade takes NNS in place of social studies .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
some local governments outside of NNP also have laws with elements of NNP that VBP certain rights of women and religious minorities .	2	7	VBP	have	has
that it provides a way for people to JJ editing activities in the same way that other JJ categories do .	18	19	VBP	do	does
the first song played in concert is the `` JJ banner '' performed by kim NNP while the audience sits .	18	19	VBZ	sits	sit
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; CD people or 28 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the movie gets so theatrical , in a JJ JJ fashion , that it begins to be rather JJ .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
its sole reason for being is to go fast , very fast .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS of the area continue to advocate for its preservation as a park .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues
when no quality needs to be indicated , an acute accent is normally used ( PRP ) , but italian and NNP use a grave accent ( POS ) .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
a better way to deal with long-term problematic users is to handle them ( ban them or VB them ) before it becomes a long-term problem , not to treat every user as if they might become a problem user .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the third segment contains the dining hall and vocational laboratories .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the prize is the hand of the former horse dancer NNP , who will use the proceeds as her NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the various groups follow the mysterious light to the warehouse that the band is playing in , and become VBN by both the light and the band for the duration of the video .	2	3	VBP	follow	follows
the vote is the only weapon that you have to defend yourself from NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS of austrian universities spread to several more in vienna , NNP and NNP , demanding free education for everyone .	1	5	VBP	spread	spreads
licensed to tracy , minnesota , the station serves the marshall , minnesota area .	7	8	VBZ	serves	serve
atom economy ( atom efficiency ) describes the conversion efficiency of a chemical process in terms of all atoms involved ( desired products produced ) .	4	6	VBZ	describes	describe
claim that other articles have been deleted or merged seems inaccurate as shown by NNP .	0	9	VBZ	seems	seem
however , the link between NN and JJ synthesis is a RB called NN NN or POS ' .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
NN really cause his songs are JJ NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the ability to quickly VB global changes is also apparent in the rapid expression of JJ JJ sequences .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
december 2006 ( utc ) as far as i know , his name is NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
finding that NNP has forgotten to write dates on the machine 's NNS , the rest of the film follows their attempts to find their way back to 1999 , often creating huge historical NNS in the process which must be corrected before the end .	15	19	VBZ	follows	follow
the song `` NNP NNP '' appears to question t .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the following table shows the NN developments at NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
however , she gives him a NN , her last golden possession , and the god accepts his loss with a moving NN .	15	16	VBZ	accepts	accept
the earliest JJ evidence of the NN of marriage to NNS and the duty of those already married to VB from sexual contact with their wives is in the JJ NNS of the council of NNP and the later council of NNP .	3	26	VBZ	is	are
the modified NNP receiver board comes with a reverse delay of exactly .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
henry does not believe that the toy store is magical at all at first , arguing with NNP over its magical properties and VBG the NN of NNP 's records .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
he also then had his ships go into NNP harbor .	5	6	VBP	go	goes
molecules that are more RB VBN require arrangements that are more linear , and thus VB more slowly .	0	6	VBP	require	requires
the JJS way to change policy is to change common practice first .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
he has a fine ear for dialogue , and for all the sex talk the play is never NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
during summer , the region is JJR than the majority of inland NNP prefecture .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
her books of poetry include presentation piece ( 1974 ) , which won the national book award , love , death , and the changing of the seasons ( 1986 ) , and going back to the river ( 1990 ) .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
oppose - an amateur ensemble that puts in an adequate performance ; the background noise is simply too VBG to make this of much value .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NN later learns that the cave is JJ after all .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the color is JJ to JJ , with a JJ NN ; the streak is JJ black .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( 1947 ) , `` the JJ substances differ from all other materials by the fact that the outer shells of their atoms are bound rather loosely , and often let one of their electrons go free .	8	9	VBP	differ	differs
ross 's NNP teammate , NNP arthur , is his first on february 13 , 2010 , ross was traded to the washington NNP along with josh howard , drew NNP and james NNP for NNP butler , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
passing the NNP ludwig NNP and NNP valley NNP the path reaches NNP via the NNP NNP ( `` steep wall '' ) .	10	11	VBZ	reaches	reach
the second parts are the two towers which hold the lift cables .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the lake is long , with maximum depth of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for purposes of VBG any state statute or rule , the term `` marriage '' means only a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife , and the term `` NN '' applies only to a member of such a union .	13	15	VBZ	means	mean
though NNP is a secular organization , its roots are in the christian left and it continues to VB with members of the progressive religious community .	8	9	VBP	are	is
delete - no factors apply to show notability .	3	4	VBP	apply	applies
the novel also becomes a NN that reveals the story of the early history of kong , of skull island , and of the natives of the island .	1	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the user who names others as `` JJ NNS '' usually never VBZ ; things only get worse , unfortunately .	1	12	VBZ	improves	improve
for reference , the power NN for my NN says it gives the NN CD at 3 .	5	9	VBZ	says	say
as the book begins , however , a NN has been traced to the african section in london where he works and VBZ to VB this JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
each year many ontario candidates get marks too low for university admission or even fail for reasons having nothing to do with their intelligence '' NNP once said .	4	5	VBP	get	gets
SYM - the speed limit is 30 NNP in this area and the road lanes narrow under the NN , leaving little margin for error , especially when NN road conditions exist .	30	31	VBP	exist	exists
the album is the first on their new label NNP records which was distributed by the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all the information i have provided is true , i am not trying to big myself up .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
delete - high schools are generally notable , and in the case of a high school , the assumption is that the article should be given time to develop .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
a good comprehensive text on NN is introduction to the study of NN by NNP and NNP ( 1988 ) .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the officer arrives and gives a free admission a police department ball , but mentions he 'll claim the reward himself .	1	2	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the banks and the NN are apparently in good condition , although fairly heavily VBN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the majority of carbon dioxide in the blood is in the form of NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNS charge anywhere from several hundred to many thousands of dollars , with no promises made .	0	1	VBP	charge	charges
the name refers to the southern town of NNP ( the ancient NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
offering an alternative college preparatory program , the school serves just over 600 students in grades nine through twelve .	8	9	VBZ	serves	serve
the strength of cellular NN in NNP remains uncertain , however it is expected to be stronger than in NNS due to differences in NNS among different animals .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain
the general shape of the tree is JJ with VBN , horizontal branches that are often somewhat JJ toward the tips .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as of CD , the graduation rate of NNP trail high school is 95 .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
this is a report of sustained edit warring against the majority position rather than a 3rr violation ( though the editor seems well on the way to this ) .	20	21	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP has been criticized as NN because `` the authors are RB political , RB VBG john howard 's government for VBG family values while VBG them through JJ policies that place the market above all else .	9	10	VBP	are	is
creating an JJ environment as well as ensuring that employees have JJ work environments do VB the negative aspects of NN and stress .	9	10	VBP	have	has
in fluid mechanics , NN flow is a simple model of the velocity profile of a fluid flowing in a pipe .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
they believe their copies preserve this RB composed text VBN to the present day .	3	4	VBP	preserve	preserves
the same unit is to be used on the NNP black NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the issue at hand is clear cut RB this page is concerned , that is the bottom line .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
his life is currently under review by the holy see , for his possible NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the browser needs to state who the authority is that makes the claim of who the user is connected to .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
another parallel programme is extension scouting , which aims to bring scouting to young people with special needs .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the cage also holds the seat belt VBG points .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the last ip address is always the ip address that connects to the last NN , which means it is the most reliable source of information .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN period is three to four weeks .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a greek internet website editor , NNP NNP , claims that the greek NNP had shot down two turkish NNP , while the turkish side has claimed that their NNS had shot down two greek NNS ; however , both greece and turkey have officially denied any losses .	4	9	VBZ	claims	claim
the process from NN ( when nucleus begins its JJ evolution to NN ) to NN point ( when fragments are formed and nuclear interaction between fragments NNS ) , VBG system shape changes but also promote NNS to JJ particle levels .	1	7	VBZ	begins	begin
a look at the talk page reveals that the situation is much more complicated than that .	1	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the NNS are white and the NN of the wings is light grey .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his weapon is the drill NNP and drill shield .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the title 's reference is to NNP , who was an ancient greek JJ philosopher .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
not an JJ collection of information seems to apply as well .	3	6	VBZ	seems	seem
currently , what 's left of this campus still stands today .	7	9	VBZ	stands	stand
the material is mostly about the JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bernard , the facility sits on an campus and the church claims over 29 , 000 members .	3	4	VBZ	sits	sit
this area is home to phoenix 's NNP hotel ; the NNP fashion park shopping center , which includes many JJ NNS including NNP fifth avenue , ralph NNP , NNP , and NNP ; and many NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles which include a picture of an album cover but do not comment on the cover art .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
his favourite tennis player is rafael NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the track also makes liberal use of the studio effects known as NN and NN , particularly during the song 's orchestral middle section and subsequent verse .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
from there , the train leaves north through the park , and then past the small locomotive shop .	4	5	VBZ	leaves	leave
the series order is potentially confusing ; from what i understand some games are thick with continuity ties to previous ones while other games ignore continuity entirely .	23	24	VBP	ignore	ignores
the pursuit of civil NNS remains an JJ business .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain
the full name of the club is NNP NNP NNP ( NNP NNP association ) , but the name is frequently abbreviated as NNP f .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
my example article is super mario bros .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB , however , the same JJ wealth effect occurs in the netherlands and other regions along the NNP frontier , such as luxembourg , and it occurs around the main trade NNS of countries such as england ( london ) and denmark ( copenhagen ) .	8	9	VBZ	occurs	occur
this observation VBZ the idea that social origin , more than economic capital , produces aesthetic preferences because regardless of economic capability , consumption patterns remain stable .	24	25	VBP	remain	remains
the events occur throughout many decades ; most take place during the NNP while others are set in the 18th century and the first decade of the 21st century .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the specific height is relative to the system scheme , but indeed VBG something generally larger would make sense .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the bond order for NN ( CD ) is three because two electrons are now also added in the CD mo .	12	13	VBP	are	is
public schools work in collaboration with the early intervention lead agency to coordinate `` child find '' through JJ agreements required under idea .	1	2	VBP	work	works
its basic purpose is to help create such an art in the country which has its roots in the indian soil .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
rider is the nova NNP prime until he is apparently killed when NNP brings death to the NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the NNP website offers an JJ listing of the more than 1500 financial institutions that are members of the NNP !	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
JJ recording directly measures action NNS and can be used in a variety of animals .	1	3	VBZ	measures	measure
the next appearance , deep in NNP space , passes by a large sensor array that NNP is unable to avoid .	2	9	VBZ	passes	pass
publishing formats include regular manuscripts , short papers , and books , but `` letters '' are no longer published .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
your association between the financial crisis and business school crisis is right in different sense .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
as my understanding goes , we find other people 's NNS attractive because their genes are different to NNS .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
as a result , the modern JJ structures of the federal subjects vary significantly from one federal subject to another ; that includes the manner in which the cities of federal subject significance are organized and the choice of a term to refer to such entities .	7	12	VBP	vary	varies
the trio break from there into a comedy routine before VBG another switch in the performance by over dramatically VBG off stage right because PRP NNP is near ' .	2	26	VBZ	is	are
the name `` NNP NNP '' is a pseudonym and a tribute to punk singer ian NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the title is a play on words , as in the chorus , jacob VBZ up to rachel 's bedroom window with a ladder ( `` VB heaven was waiting at the top of jacob 's ladder '' ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP , children 's rights and protection expert at the ministry of women 's affairs , says that some remote studies conducted in NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , and three other towns of the country indicate that the problem of child trafficking is very serious .	21	38	VBP	indicate	indicates
internationally , the most common destinations for victims of human trafficking are thailand , japan , israel , belgium , the netherlands , germany , italy , turkey and the united states , according to a report by the NNP ( united nations office on drugs and crime ) .	5	11	VBP	are	is
when he takes it off his NNS appear revealing his powers .	6	7	VBP	appear	appears
although the owner is his father , he uses the name of his best friend , VBZ to be poor and VBZ for himself to get a job there in order to chase that NN NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the day this NN is elected to arbcom is the day i quit wikipedia for good .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
support - have seen him around and his contributions are good .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this article adds no value to wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	adds	add
if an island is known and named it deserves to be listed , but not every island deserves its own wikipedia article .	16	17	VBZ	deserves	deserve
a giant , white flower appears on stage as animated NN flowers appear on the projection screens .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
comment it is still redundant to list of houston NNPS draft NNS .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this second stage has two NNS in addition to the original one .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNS tend to be of lower capacity and are usually designed for both normally closed and normally open applications .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
the western wall and the portal is from the old NNP church .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
consequently , girls that reach sexual NN early are more likely than their peers to develop eating disorders .	2	8	VBP	are	is
your NN with ani and rfa are JJ but clear lack of considerable mainspace edits is a concern .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
christianity , judaism , and islam all ( NNP ) have VBN with regards to NN and that covers most people on earth as far as religion goes .	26	27	VBZ	goes	go
he is also a script writer for some dubbed anime whose work includes episodes of the NNP television series and VBZ many NNS and NNS for the travel channel and the food network .	11	12	VBZ	includes	include
big time movie is a film adaptation based on the NNP television series , big time rush , which aired march 10 , 2012 ( in the us ) .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
keep this is in no way an JJ list or a tv guide since the programs are no longer available for VBG in .	15	16	VBP	are	is
my personal guess is that alex is responding to an NNP ticket .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the experience in deciding upon local matters is what gives rise to big things .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
leading NN or leading hand , which it is also known as , is the equivalent of NN in the royal australian air force and the australian army .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
instead , the bridge brings them north one block , over the highway , and back south , introducing a new JJ crossing of CD street east west of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	brings	bring
eastern orthodox and eastern catholic churches , VBZ the arrangement of the divine services ( JJ hours or divine office ) , perhaps because the parts are closely connected and follow in order .	25	26	VBP	are	is
in 1993 , NNP created the foundation NNP NNP , of which he is president and whose directors are NNP NNP d .	17	18	VBP	are	is
this historic agreement gives the right NN for relations between muslims and christians in the 21st century .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
NN has no NN , instead each show is largely autonomous from station management and NNS have full choice in what music they play as well as the format sound and NN of their shows .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the production NNP leaves most of the concept specifications intact , but will be JJ drive .	1	3	VBZ	leaves	leave
wave height is a term used by NNS , as well as in coastal , ocean and naval engineering .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
korean opera and an entirely JJ western opera season , and opera school , to compete with the beijing opera house , and japan 's historical centre for western operas in the far east is the present focus .	12	34	VBZ	is	are
the lake itself covers 150 acres and has an average depth of 18 feet with NNS up to 60 feet near the dam .	1	3	VBZ	covers	cover
these differing bond lengths reflect the multiple bond character of the JJ interaction and the JJR JJ NN between the NNP interactions .	3	4	VBP	reflect	reflects
RB speaking , a neighbourhood of a point is a set containing the point where you can move that point some amount without leaving the set .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
written in binary , that ip address is CD .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the student chooses three JJ NNS .	4	5	VBZ	chooses	choose
for the subject to simply say the information is incorrect is not sufficient to VB or VB the secondary sources we have , since the subject refuses to correct the information and we therefore have reason to believe he is lying when he claims it is incorrect .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the campus occupies a built up area of over and houses a population of over 9 , 000 students .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
while petroleum products are held in storage tanks , natural gas tends to be stored in underground facilities , such as salt dome NNS and VBN NNS .	10	11	VBZ	tends	tend
it is considered a mega project because the human NN has approximately 3 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
this method matches the NNP method for secure NNS .	1	2	VBZ	matches	match
this category comprises articles pertaining to football team seasons in the missouri valley conference .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
another tradition holds that this is the NNP of jerusalem who became the second bishop of jerusalem , although he was born in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the article is far too sympathetic in every JJ section and demonstrates a clear lack of npov all around .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
urban schools often have chronic NN rates as high as one third of students , while poor rural areas are in the 25 percent range .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the other alternatives RB encourage drama .	2	4	VBP	encourage	encourages
a fourth `` concert hall '' , called NNP , is the open air theater VBG ancient greek and roman theaters .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
all species seem to be widely distributed within europe and in addition , many species are found on several NNS .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
other writers have their work VBN by editors .	1	2	VBP	have	has
however , this variation is normally JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
thermal NN explains why an NN light NN , for example , VBZ JJ light .	7	12	VBZ	emits	emit
the first part of a NN NN NN is a public NN , usually started by a NN , to collect the views of all affected parties .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this approach differs from other approaches which have measured enzyme activity to discover effective drugs .	1	2	VBZ	differs	differ
the ideal gas law applies only to gases , and not even real gases , just ideal gases .	3	4	VBZ	applies	apply
but a VBG crowd of fellow students VBZ him away .	3	7	VBZ	pushes	push
access control - the door opens when the an access control system determines the user is authorized to go through .	1	5	VBZ	opens	open
the title is welsh for CD of NNP ' -- the JJ name of joseph 's brother john , but the book also records writings of several other distinguished family members .	21	23	VBZ	records	record
JJ materials offer a significant NN and environmental improvement potential for solar thermal collectors and may thus benefit a broader NN of solar energy for various heating purposes .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
between june 2007 and june 2010 the team was led by ross NNP a recognised open source participant ( ross is vice president of community development and a member of the board of directors at the NNP software foundation ) .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
at the end of the session , students perform scenes from the three shakespeare plays .	7	8	VBP	perform	performs
this term describes the normal , JJ NN of the NNS at full term .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
the genetic studies indicate that in wheat , each protein type can be encoded by several NNS and several different NNS for each NN can be found in different NNS , allowing a great number of RB encoded NNS .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
no original research ) and argues a point .	2	5	VBZ	argues	argue
the area includes the former communities of NNP , NNP , cuba , and NNP each previously maintaining their own post office .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
october 2006 ( utc ) outside a few minor issues that arose afterward , the reason for VBG a formal mediation request seems to have been resolved .	15	22	VBZ	seems	seem
nowadays , the article is relatively calm and stable ; mostly due to compromise , and partly due to JJ editors being banned .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of this program is to increase the bond between education and technology .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some specialists say that the traditional NNP was slow and the quick `` version '' of it , is in fact a NNP .	1	2	VBP	say	says
primary progressive NN is a rare disorder where people slowly lose their ability to talk , read , write , and VB what they hear in conversation over a period of time .	8	10	VBP	lose	loses
every JJ complete intersection local ring of dimension at least 4 is JJ .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
the museum features about 30 railway cars , train cab NNS , railway model NNS , mini trains , storage for NNS and books , video NNS , a JJ hall , a gallery NN , a NN , a museum shop , and a research room .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the manor house is a water castle in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is part of lower NNP township , and the NN address is NNP , pennsylvania .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
from a NN whose opinion is entirely JJ of prior contact or involvement - the answers you have written carry a very negative NN .	15	19	VBP	carry	carries
a sport venue is a building , structure , or place in which a sporting competition is held .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBN 's primary audience consists of arabs ages fifteen through JJ .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
females give birth to a single young up to twice a year , typically between june and january .	0	1	VBP	give	gives
the appearance of the NNP is somewhat JJ , but the two towers gives relatively detailed descriptions of at least some of them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's main building , the NNP , is on the national register of historic places .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
basketball refs are generally not players at the highest level , but good admins do wear their editor hat .	1	2	VBP	are	is
refusing to understand the meaning of the word , the director RB asks for NN , and is told that the NNPS need to drop an atomic bomb themselves , in order to VB the conflict which will then VB on its own .	10	12	VBZ	asks	ask
the problem is that rex was blocked by NNP as a sockpuppet of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mike road ( born march 18 , 1918 , though several sources state 1915 , in NNP in middlesex county , massachusetts ) is a voice actor and a warner bros .	12	23	VBZ	is	are
these four flags collectively represent the JJ power of the sun both lighting the earth and VBG RB into the flag of afghanistan , VBD on the left by NNP and on the right by kenya .	2	4	VBP	represent	represents
comment - as it happens the school has had a number of JJ athletic successes which indicate notability .	0	4	VBZ	happens	happen
again , if you can point to somewhere in not which says if the subject is really notable , leave it , then by all means do so .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
his ministry is always `` NNP 's ministry '' , and never `` sir robert 's ministry '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
article has no sources other than a link to the home page .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
either this trophy winner or the winner of the terry NNP trophy also receives the canadian football league most outstanding player award .	3	13	VBZ	receives	receive
the position is currently vacant , because ministry of religion merged into ministry of NNP on 14 march 2011 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the evidence suggests that periods with fast output growth are not always accompanied with a credit boom , meanwhile a credit boom usually brings about an NN of output .	3	4	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the pass is available either attached to an account for residents of the NN ( known simply as NNP NNP ) , or can be issued on the spot to anybody at a station ( NNP NNP NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
riding NNS have JJ full NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
however , the offering scenes on the walls survive , and some retain their [ original ] colour .	4	8	VBP	survive	survives
you may be interested to know that the kinds of medical or financial JJ information you describe correctly as having the potential to do NN harm is prohibited by policy here .	8	16	VBP	describe	describes
the effect is like that of having functioning eyes , but being raised in darkness until suddenly emerging into NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
within the british police , commander is a chief officer rank in the two police forces responsible for law enforcement within london , the metropolitan police and city of london police .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the burning lance is one the first NNP NNP begins to master at the start of the series , since his main weapon is a NN .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
it is not commonly found , but other examples include `` VB an NN '' , ( top of the hill ) , where `` NN '' would be `` hill '' , but is changed to `` VB '' .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
NNS are encouraged to indicate the degree to which they agree or disagree with certain NNS and the instrument also encourages NNS to make specific comment upon issues .	18	20	VBZ	encourages	encourage
list of schools so we can keep track of them all if our final decision means we have to delete some ) .	14	15	VBZ	means	mean
the marginal requirement is increased for those business activities , the flow of whose credit is to be restricted in the economy .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the city hosts an annual NNP festival each april .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
the conclusion you have drawn from the NNP data is not in any way supported by it .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the roads within the sanctuary are now well maintained .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the student body consists of about CD students from 27 NNS , the majority being u .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
his cousin is NNP from NNP the explorer , as revealed in multiple shows .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lake is famous for its clear waters , water skiing , fishing , and its stability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the text of either law is available in french , german or italian , since those are the principal official languages of switzerland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the repeated line `` take money '' in the CD song hit NNP up is a play on `` get money '' .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are JJ to the NNS , but JJ white on the JJ margin .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this event involves best clubs representing 5 large islands in indonesia , which are NNP , java , NNP , NNP and papua .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
comment the previous comment about pov error VBG only if it is permitted by editors is true .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
results for the regular and JJ conflict NNS remain JJ , and similarly to co a distributed NNP VBG algorithm exists , now for a mixed environment with both NN and NN resources ( now NN is a special case of NN ) .	0	8	VBP	remain	remains
delete -- i suspect that the NN is actually one his children , rather than the subject himself .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a JJ resolution of this picture is available upon request .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the park also has fields for baseball , basketball , volleyball and NNS as well a NN areas and a NN .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the central action of hot CC NNP VBZ around the arrival of clyde late on a friday night , drunk and VBG to NN NNP despite a VBG order against him because of past domestic violence .	2	7	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the NNP name is certainly the university 's legal name and the one that is used most commonly , at least within new brunswick and the rest of canada .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when a police car arrives , one of the deputies goes to VB big ed 's body , and has his legs VBD off when big ed springs to life .	3	4	VBZ	arrives	arrive
if there was a direct relationship between these to concepts then i could say with confidence that the other editors who filed this rfc are NNS , because they all agree on nearly every major issue .	19	24	VBP	are	is
NNS ' numbers are six NNS long in general , numbers in budapest and cell phone numbers are seven NNS long .	2	3	VBP	are	is
delete the flood myth appears in different cultures .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
the amount of VBG up you can do is fairly impressive and each character 's campaign takes at least a few hours to work through , providing you with quite a lot of content ( despite the NN ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
it is long , and its area of drainage basin is .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
various users VBP that NNP edits RB ( although in good faith ) on various articles related to conspiracy theories , such as john f .	1	2	VBP	allege	alleges
humans have 23 pairs of NNS , while NNS , NNS , and NNS have 24 .	0	1	VBP	have	has
in line with NN development , the NNP NNP project aims to increase the housing density around the vienna station from 60 single family homes to 2 , 250 NNS and NNS .	9	10	VBZ	aims	aim
some german politicians choose to express their regional origins through the make of car they use .	2	3	VBP	choose	chooses
inside , the first floor serves as a museum , with original NNS and period NN .	4	5	VBZ	serves	serve
the output of the earlier steps of NNP are a set of program design problems , the design of which is the subject matter of NNP .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
a recurring concept throughout the series is the family planning to move house , although this presumably came to nothing , as in series 4 they are still living in the same house .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the cycle VBZ not just RB , but also through the photographs , drawings , sculptures , and installations the artist produces in conjunction with each episode .	20	21	VBZ	produces	produce
many trees , NNS , NNS , NNS and other JJ NNS form JJ colonies naturally .	1	12	VBP	form	forms
the doll turns out to be the steel angel NNP , who is being VBN by the military for mysterious reasons .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
as a director , his credits include the film `` hercules in hollywood , `` the tv pilot `` the road studio , '' and tv episodes for the w network in canada .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
paris tells NNP he did no wrong , and says the story sounds JJ due to the age of NNP at the time of conception .	11	12	VBZ	sounds	sound
the mine has coal reserves VBG to CD million NNS of VBG coal , one of the largest coal reserves in asia and the world .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
most dialects of upper NNP ( a NNP language ) are extinct , except for the NNP dialect .	1	10	VBP	are	is
his son is writer and producer , david e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the picture is not already at the other article it should be .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP display in the NN to see the image the bomb sends to him .	10	11	VBZ	sends	send
the complex NN NN NN with carefully VBN runners helps create JJ NN and power NNS by taking advantage of two NN frequencies to increase performance , the engine features a high compression ratio of 10 .	4	9	VBZ	helps	help
for , in this case , the JJ NNS include all forests , and in particular they include the perfect binary trees .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
olympic games , which some records date back to 1869 bce .	5	6	VBP	date	dates
census of 2000 , the city has a total area of .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
notable creators who made their dc NNS with new talent showcase include mark NNP , norm NNP , tom NNP , steve NNP , NNP NNP , and stan NNP .	1	11	VBP	include	includes
another round consists of group work , where RB chosen groups of four to six dancers are given a cd with a different song on it .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
development of NNP is currently coordinated using NNP , and the project page is here .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the sources referenced on this article are low quality , which are from about a year ago , and there has n't been any new information VBG about the case for many months now .	1	6	VBP	are	is
for example , many complex wikipedia templates use various operators that fall under the heading of NN function extensions .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
while these NNP were intended to make timing and power attacks more difficult , subsequent research found that timing variations in JJ circuits are harder to remove .	19	23	VBP	are	is
apart from the research work , the focus of the department remains patient care and NNS ; to provide JJ facilities especially to the JJ sections of society , and to keep a JJ eye on the JJ NN patterns of the JJ and JJ NNS .	7	11	VBZ	remains	remain
the variety NNP seems to be somewhat less JJ to a .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
during NN periods , when the pace car is utilized to pace the field , a trained official has been the driver .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NN '' is a song written by tim NNP and robin NNP and performed by olive on their 1996 album extra virgin .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
notable NNP sequences for the show include the killer cars , conrad NNP and his dancing teeth , the NN of the JJ black spot , and a giant cat that VBD its way through london , destroying everything in its path .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
the NNP award of a trivial badge is not notable .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the unique aspect of the production is that each couple performs all the sex acts in a JJ manner in NN with all the other couples .	9	10	VBZ	performs	perform
the only other RB identified triple asteroid in the JJ population is , which was discovered to be a triple system in 2008 .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the stories feature tales from the estate of vincent price as well as NNS of his films .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
the JJ NN coin is the JJ and JJ NN coin of the philippine NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
from an early age music was all around , and his diverse influences only help VB his music appreciation and creative NN .	12	14	VBP	help	helps
the organization has its origins in the national united front for the freedom of vietnam ( NNP ) , founded on september 10 , 1982 with NNP NNP NNP NNP elected as chairman , which operated underground for two decades .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the sizes of the ice bodies involved are too small to VB other than VBN JJ effects .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP decides which draws are JJ draws .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the symbol has two main parts .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the story goes that , now , when someone comes by the pond , NNP asks the person to point out which of them is the NN .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
today , NN NNS and swing dance historians also recognize an additional NN rhythm that has come to be known as `` long NN '' .	3	9	VBP	recognize	recognizes
to her , the JJ part is JJ , while the role of the JJ wife is the external self .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if there are no more sources , probably the best step is to send the current article to afd , and include a link to the draft article in the discussion ( so that people can evaluate both ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NN seems to have the same feeling ; the article is rather JJ which makes it seem JJ at parts .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
formation of the NN compound is rapid under these conditions , but conversion back to the NN form occurs under basic NN .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the entrance to the park is just across from the snow valley mountain resort .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP was formerly situated to the west of NNP , though now only a marker remains , VB a short walk west along NNP street .	15	16	VBZ	remains	remain
of the small number of google hits and google scholar hits for the quoted term , most are JJ matches ( e .	10	17	VBP	are	is
the solid shell is large and RB VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the route still remains , as a freeway too with NNS and their own numbers , which is quite rare for a state route .	1	3	VBZ	remains	remain
i think what it means is the problem is not in the contents of the article , but with the lack of third-party sources .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ ] ] , you get to claim that particular NN and a good one it is .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
the men proceed to get safety equipment and enter the NN between the towers .	1	2	VBP	proceed	proceeds
the city stands today on an area inhabited by varying cultures of indigenous peoples for thousands of years .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
the concept addresses not only personal or household energy use , but the total for the whole society , divided by the population .	1	2	VBZ	addresses	address
metals and NNS tend to be more JJ , though they can sometimes exhibit significant NN behaviour .	0	3	VBP	tend	tends
in this type of NN , NN may be prevented even if the environmental conditions favor growth .	14	15	VBP	favor	favors
it does have that NNP look to it because its composition and lighting is so detailed and NN .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
if the JJ rocks are later JJ and exposed by erosion , they may occur in long NNS or other large areas at the surface .	3	4	VBP	are	is
his questions seem quite fertile , actually .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
l 5 cylinder ( NNP , and NNP respectively for the NN and naturally JJ models ) is the latest generation of NNP 's 5 cylinder engines .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
the NN leaves are oval or JJ , wide and long , with VBN NNS and a long NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
programs include the `` bobby rich morning mix '' and the syndicated love show NNP at night .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
each ion consists of a NN VBN by two electrons .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
balloon festivals usually include other activities like live entertainment , amusement rides , etc .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
many software systems exist to support NNS in particular domains .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
another possibility is the river went , a tributary of the river don , situated to the north of JJ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i see the terms JJ and JJ used all the time in NN papers , but i have n't been able find out what these terms actually mean .	25	27	VBP	mean	means
sophie 's death has made people think , and i have heard of teenagers , especially girls , VBG the way they dress when they walk through certain areas .	5	6	VBP	think	thinks
products exist to VB the JJ skin of the NN .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
later in the evening , the NNP friday brass band contests take place .	10	11	VBP	take	takes
the album contains numerous love songs , with `` NNP street '' , a song about the NN that one is in love , gaining some radio NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
between april and october , their function is to provide irrigation water for agriculture , and so they are maintained at a higher level , although changes in level can still occur at short notice .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
these results suggest that VBG techniques might help to increase NN rates in JJ individuals and endangered species .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the municipality consists of the villages of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
one of the greatest NN mentioned in NN NNS is NNP ; tradition says that india came to be known as NNP in his memory .	12	13	VBZ	says	say
RB , these two articles speak of NNP 's witnesses similarity to NNS , only in the context that NNP 's witnesses VBP the message already in the bible .	4	5	VBP	speak	speaks
there is rarely if ever any moment i na cartoon so critical that an editor is unable to write about it without VBG to an image .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the definition states that when using the critical NN NN , the researcher leaves his or her position of power and become well JJ to accept the best arguments , VBG the division between JJ subject and person JJ object , avoiding NN .	12	13	VBZ	leaves	leave
these should not have ever been created into separate content NN , which the creation of this is a NNP to highlight these as being so-called news and NNP .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
NN is the indonesian term for orchestra , and the name `` NNP NNP '' VBZ roughly to `` victorious flower .	10	15	VBZ	translates	translate
january 2012 ( utc ) following the comments at NNP , i missed that the user already controls the NNP .	15	17	VBZ	controls	control
the guards see the image of NNP and miguel riding NNP as the same on the NN , and believing them to be gods , escort them and the woman under the falls and into el NNP , truly a city made of gold .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
but before long , the introduction of a mysterious figure from a former life causes a series of JJ events , and soon differences surface between the two NNS , threatening the very fiber of their friendship and ultimately the existence of the future NNP NNP .	5	14	VBZ	causes	cause
the idea of this list is to help people interested in NNS with a JJ list .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
mathematical concept of JJ speed should be explained and it should be noted that speed of light is JJ speed .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
please '' does not appear often enough , the program is considered RB RB , and the error message says this ; if too often , the program could be rejected as RB JJ .	18	19	VBZ	says	say
this painting is in the NN of JJ painting , and would have been accomplished by the beginning of the 3rd century bc to VB the tomb .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the society 's musical NNS are catherine NNP , also a NN , and robert NNP , NN and NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the soup is actually cream of corn soup with egg white and JJ meat or NN JJ meat added .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another way to look at VBG is that a routine is RB identified not by its name , but by the combination of its name and the number , order and types of its parameters .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP gear system uses a set of rotating and VBG balls positioned between the input and output NNS of a transmission .	4	5	VBZ	uses	use
all counties except howard and baltimore include at least one municipality .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
each camp also has a number of `` JJ '' NNS available each day ( up to six , depending on the camp 's size ) which are VBN in the same NN .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
most languages have fewer NNS in JJ NNS than VBN NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in the absence of new NNS to VB on , NNP has come under pressure from stock NNS , since its sports card business is more stable and has less growth potential .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
formed on 29 march 1994 , the club is the successor to the east german army sports club NNP NNP , which was a longtime second division side in the NNP with a pair of first division seasons to its credit .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
fair use in ( miss ) NN is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
its NN still stands near the present church which was consecrated in 1850 .	1	3	VBZ	stands	stand
by saying that these sources are significant , you admit that NNP is notable .	4	5	VBP	are	is
its name is a reference to king christian iv .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
human cultures use symbols as a means to express their specific ideology , social structures , and to represent characteristics of their specific culture .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the four most favored candidates are NNP , who was the bishop of NNP in NNP in around CD ; NNP , a priest ( ca .	4	5	VBP	are	is
a NN point , located north of the lake and highway , provides a view of the lake .	2	12	VBZ	provides	provide
kentucky where NN drug abuse is of particular concern .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
since the halls are extremely narrow , it is often very JJ , especially on weekends .	2	3	VBP	are	is
that is why this article is a snow keep , and as time goes on , well , wait until her book is out , it will all start all over again .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
each correct answer is worth 10 points , while VBG an `` extra hot '' question is worth 20 points .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this photo is from the liberty tree website .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the longest slovak word is NNP ( 39 letters ) , which means `` most VBG '' in the instrumental plural .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the goal of the project is to make JJ articles more organized and JJ , this is JJ as it is not an improvement over what was in place before .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
those that think the afds were JJ or that a nomination for deletion is somehow an attack on the article or subject seriously VBP the afd process .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
the line uses a fleet of CD series trains .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
in the link you gave , i believe the first meaning is the more common one and that was the one that i was familiar with as a JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
cbs games that also aired in prime time include beat the clock , to tell the truth and password .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
this category deals with computer NNS , which are JJ NNS used for JJ work ( mostly done by engineers and scientists ) .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
counties are no longer used to VB areas of local government in northern ireland .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the dimensions of the cylinder are such that the NN is able to VB thoroughly ; different NNS require different NN chamber sizes for this to occur .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the topic of this article appears to be distinct ( similar to , but still distinct ) from NN .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
when they receive word that the bridge is safe to cross , they all leave the NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the theoretical and practical aspects of food industry ranging from the quality of raw materials to the final usage of products by consumers are the main concerns of food engineering .	4	23	VBP	are	is
in practice , the trinidad NNP religion is very closely connected with the spiritual NNPS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN drops in the coin - then turns a NN to VB that wheel and thereby to release the product .	1	2	VBZ	drops	drop
that prevents a lot of controversial or unnecessary NNS from occurring -- if something is important enough to remove ( and at least one person VBZ ) , talk about it and vote ; if not , leave it alone .	24	25	VBZ	disagrees	disagree
if this business turns out to be JJ we can VB permanent full protection at [ [ race and intelligence ] ] and only allow edits to be made through talk page consensus .	2	3	VBZ	turns	turn
the park has vast forests , NNS , and NNS of preserved land .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the magnetic head inside the NNP terminal is a fixed component and for this reason it only can be cleared by cleaning cards that are flexible enough to clean the leading , center and VBG edges of this round reader head .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the population of the city of helsinki is CD , CD ( 2008 ) , making it the most JJ municipality in finland by a wide margin .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
maybe that last bit is the essential happiness bit and the rest is just a basis .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS NNS have higher JJ skills encoded in them , as opposed to more JJ skills in the male .	1	2	VBP	have	has
according to NNP de NNP , one of the song 's writers , the track 's architecture is `` RB JJ '' and she `` has such a particular and JJ approach to the construction of lyrics and VBG '' .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the latter river is the border between NNP and NNP ( or lesser NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these NNS still remain throughout NNP 's stores in florida .	1	3	VBP	remain	remains
red giants are stars at the end of their lives , while blue giants are inherently large , bright , and hot .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the tour edition is a NNP that includes the original version of the album NNP and a live dvd from NNP 's performance at summer NNP open air in 2005 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the philosophical spirit is thus a spirit of observation and accuracy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP has this data from what i know , but their online database is by paid subscription only .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
in episode 81 , a door on the large ship that landed in blood NNP opens and NNP 's sister is introduced .	5	15	VBZ	opens	open
her first look is a long and straight NN hair .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
support this shows the buddha NN much better .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
finding the cause of a failure is easier in a JJ system , because the system reports the failure with as much information as possible as close to the time of failure as possible .	15	16	VBZ	reports	report
founded in 1994 , the group puts up two shows each year .	5	6	VBZ	puts	put
also , the conclusions of the section i wish to review , are while not necessarily wrong , based on NN data , which is NN while the original section is based on NNP data which has a far higher resolution .	3	12	VBP	are	is
members of the church of jesus christ of JJ saints are also not included .	0	10	VBP	are	is
these two events allow for immune NN by VBG the JJ immune response and natural killer cell response , respectively .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
the geographic location makes approaches difficult and frequently results in delays or NNS due to poor NN for pilots , especially in the winter .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the NN is particularly close when the design is balanced .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the big theatre in the netherlands which was created originally for `` NN '' and subsequently community theatre is the NNP theatre .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
the VBN park has JJ areas , bike paths , cycle NNS and public sport courts .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in some of the 3 , 500 species of NN , the females feed on humans , and are therefore NNS for a number of JJ diseases .	12	13	VBP	feed	feeds
the JJ tract is the main NN associated with pain and temperature perception , which immediately crosses the JJ cord RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some people attempt to avoid the financial NN of a divorce , and get a divorce from a jurisdiction that allows fast JJ NNS that offer little or no NN support to the defendant .	1	2	VBP	attempt	attempts
recent information provided by alexander NNP places NNP in mexico city at a time when NNP was known to have been in washington .	1	6	VBZ	places	place
in reality , doctors learn to hide their NNS , otherwise there will not be anyone to console the patients and their families .	3	4	VBP	learn	learns
a JJ aspect of the committee is that it is more famous in russia and estonia than in finland .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP house today is a private residence , owned and occupied by members of the crane family .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the fruits are JJ and JJ NNS with JJ NN seeds .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the term is not often used today except in the context of referring specifically to the changes that took place in the 1940s , but the NN it defines is still a NN of science fiction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is JJ , something that we look for in wikipedia articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP version features JJ action on a RB JJ court , four different teams ( boston NNP , new york eagles , chicago NNP , los angeles NNP ) , three levels of NN difficulty , and four different choices of quarter lengths .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are JJ and JJ [ ( CD , CD , CD ) NN ] , whereas its two products are NNP and JJ JJ .	26	27	VBP	are	is
the federation that VBZ the sport in chile is NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
VBG methods have traditionally been passed down from generation to generation , and numerous descriptions of the materials and methods used in europe over the past three centuries survive in archives and early publications .	14	28	VBP	survive	survives
contemporary records show that NNP served in this position from year 38 until at least year 63 of NNP ii 's reign .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the national retail federation ( NNP ) also highlights the importance of JJ shopping for NNS which comes second behind holiday shopping , when NNS often buy clothing and school supplies for their children .	24	26	VBP	buy	buys
the official language in this municipality is german .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are , as of 2008 starting to VB away , being replaced by the newer , more fuel efficient toyota NNP 's .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the mayor is marco NNP , expression of a progressive alliance composed by democratic party , italy of values , left ecology freedom , communist NNP party and other minor lists .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most of the monastery buildings are in ruins or have been VBN for building stone , but the main church , the NN , is still whole and is used on occasion .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
the show VBZ its actual NNS at the beginning , end , and middle ( break ) of the show .	1	2	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
the flowers are JJ , white , JJ from an NN , NN NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNS of the remainder NN are the bits of the NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
animal ethics committees monitor researchers and the animal use that they have approved .	2	3	VBP	monitor	monitors
other themes VBN in his vast art creation are the NN of the bird , the portrait , light and shadow and the myth of creation , the four elements of nature , NN , etc .	1	8	VBP	are	is
these arbitrary NNS are just a way to VB the part of the conversation that was actually somewhat functional .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the main economic activities are agriculture , livestock and fishing , with corn being the most important crop , grown for auto consumption .	3	4	VBP	are	is
examples include the black NNP ( the paper of the black NNP party , oakland , california ) , and the guardian , new york city ; both of which had national distribution .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the ski area occupies a tiny .	2	3	VBZ	occupies	occupy
NNP ] ] 's actions are of JJ necessity and are an abuse of administrative tools where he is the creator of the template and one of the only editors .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the `` NN '' part usually refers to a NN .	4	6	VBZ	refers	refer
a JJ voting system is an electoral method which gives the right to VB all the representatives to the majority of the NNS , VBG representation to all minorities .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the town has a population of 2 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
please note that ga and a reviews were asked to take pov into account and both concluded pov issues are not apparent to this article .	18	19	VBP	are	is
swamp thing 's attack methods include VBG and firing `` NN balls '' which are acquired throughout the game .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
other examples of JJ mechanisms are the automotive differential and the JJ NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
a murder requires a federal investigation ; NNP considers sending the body to NNP station to avoid spending another winter in antarctica , but decides to continue the investigation .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
the default assumption on wikipedia is not inclusion .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the house is a fairly simple and common JJ house with no exterior NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
teams approach each other in opposite directions on a track , with a wooden rail in the middle .	0	1	VBP	approach	approaches
some individuals experience JJ reactions to some NN NNS or develop a NN and NNS that may spread over the entire body from the use of JJ products with alpha NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	experience	experiences
nearby towns are NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the album , at present , is JJ on itunes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a JJ column in brick , which seems to have JJ NNS , supports `` an infant in fired clay , almost naked , with a crest placed behind him , upset and VBG his tears with a cloth '' .	2	13	VBZ	supports	support
she VBZ herman 's advances and norman 's father arrives at the head of a navy fleet to save the day .	8	9	VBZ	arrives	arrive
either way , the policy on sourcing is pretty clear .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
reviews of NNP 's performances are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP school colors are NNP white , red and royal blue .	3	4	VBP	are	is
measures which fall within the definition of state aid are JJ unless provided under an NN or notified .	0	9	VBP	are	is
this review is so far out of NNS , both in its nomination and its conduct as to be a very , very serious NN of those involved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the VBG library VBZ the request by sending materials to the NN library or supplies a reason why it can not fill the request .	2	3	VBZ	fills	fill
the total number of deaths as a result of the acts of terrorism listed on this page is CD ( the number is the same as the flight number for air france flight CD which was VBN by islamic NNS .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
this basic dominant seventh NN is useful to composers because it contains both a major NN and the interval of a NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
james NNP at NNP magazine said of pirate , `` the results are strong for that of a cover cd , and hopes NNP 's future recordings will continue in such a direction .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the underlying concept of islamic revolution maintains that moral freedom is the most important aspect of a human 's fundamental needs .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
most of the words we 've had this year have been related to grammar , but the next CD words we 've been given also seem to include regular JJ .	19	25	VBP	seem	seems
NNP NN is a specific type of pottery named after the NNP river region , in northeastern syria , where large quantities of it were found by the NN max NNP at the site of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that article is an JJ demonstration of everything that wikipedia is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP is not located in the centre of NN as the text indicates .	12	13	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the unique NN of a NNP connection is the local and remote address and port .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
many species are similar to each other , and many species have varieties that have been given different specific names .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the second possible explanation of the name is that it refers to geoffrey NNP , who was the admiral of the british flying squadron and who visited NNP in 1870 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
instead of JJ , cast aluminum NNS with rubber NNS , NNP NNPS came up with a design that used a NN VBD aluminum NN , and a thick JJ tape seal along the NN of the NN , where the NN of the NN meets the base casting .	41	45	VBZ	meets	meet
its recommendations include not combining protein and NNS , not drinking water at meal time , and avoiding dairy foods .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this category is for articles and images relating to morgan state university its predecessor institutions ( NNP biblical institute , morgan college and morgan state college ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this proof uses the definition of even NNS , the NN properties of closure under addition and NN , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
frequent bus services connect the harbour development with the centre of NNP and the NNP .	2	3	VBP	connect	connects
options allow for the recall and editing of particular commands and for setting parameters such as the number of past commands to retain in the list .	0	1	VBP	allow	allows
this article contains text from `` regent bridge , edinburgh '' , an article in the mirror of literature , amusement , and instruction , vol .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
these girls are NNP NNP and need not be fed !	1	2	VBP	ARE	IS
the subject itself ( NNP ) merits an article , but the content of this article is clearly a violation of npov , among other things .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
the head to VB is dark brown with light spots .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
judging takes place initially by VBG , after which the a selection will be visited , the panel comprises members of the NNP NNP group along with conservation experts and architects outside NNP .	17	18	VBZ	comprises	comprise
she will play a leading role in the events of the NN , but the gospel gives no details about her .	15	16	VBZ	gives	give
the range includes part of the municipal term of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
selling stock is RB similar to buying stock .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the minimum age to buy west virginia NNP tickets is 18 , while NNS and slot machine NNS require NNS to be at least 21 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
very little is known about this family , but in one species , the female scale has four NNS .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
the other key component in the transmission is a transfer case incorporating the NN , located between the main gear box and the NN NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a running joke in the series is that NNP 's NNS are rather JJ , often VBG or VBG up in her face .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the next two NNS follow from the fact that the NN is being made more powerful in each case .	3	4	VBP	follow	follows
the establishment of camp NNP is JJ upon the report as to the NN of the site , but considering the NN of water and the want of facilities for VBG , we are of opinion that it was very JJ , and was not abandoned too soon .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the newsletter is also available on the world wide web and has used a JJ NNP text based layout since its inception .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i believe the NNP genes are unusual in that respect due to the nature of their distinction in NN development .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the municipalities that VBP the NN are the same ones that made the NN of NNP , the previous administrative division .	1	6	VBP	are	is
jessica 's rivalry with helena hits a new high , when jessica parties with NNP and his NN christian mann and they end up having a NN together .	2	5	VBZ	hits	hit
the queen of the NNP NNP VBD NNP , her full name is NNP NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the plot gets JJR when they meet NNP ( NNP ) , who lives alone in the field .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
some characters appear in both books - as well as in the sequel , in the cities of coin and NNP ; for example , the NNS of the stars run through numerous stories .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
image NNS are a bit of a NN !	1	2	VBP	are	is
the encoded protein is one of at least four similar proteins that have been found .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the total JJ area of the basin is CD NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
if it does , you would have to crop out or VB out the translation , because that is JJ , but the image itself is not .	23	25	VBZ	is	are
at the top of the hill , the road crosses into the NNP district .	8	9	VBZ	crosses	cross
his military NNS also include director of military support to civil authorities , JJ NN commander and coordinator of emergency management operations .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP gardner ( in the japanese version ) , real name , is a NNP member who dies from the death note after an NNP NN ; he VBZ to a heart attack .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
the latest release of NNP is 2 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the online NNP may be necessary when the power environment is `` JJ '' , when utility power NNS , NNS and other NNS are frequent , when protection of sensitive it equipment loads is required , or when operation from an JJ backup generator is necessary .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
when you close the circuit , an electron is suddenly next to a hole .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are not necessary for JJ NN , but increased JJ NN increases the NN that a NN will be chosen as a favorite by the parents .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the exception to this law is committees composed entirely of federal officials and employees , which de NN NNP 's committee was .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
carey said that memoirs of an NNP angel would have `` big NNS '' , and that `` each song is its own NN of a moment in a story '' .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the internal format actually shows two numbers for the NN .	2	4	VBZ	shows	show
as for getting started right away , the great thing about wikipedia is that there are no NNS .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
textile industry is one of the main NNS of the economy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP warning should probably be withdrawn , given blp protection is a specific exception to the 3rr bright line .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
article talk pages are for article NNP , not for user NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the developers also offer NNP log viewer , designed to VB fix messages out of a given file , even if there are other messages within , making it flexible and JJ on more general log files .	1	3	VBP	offer	offers
i have no idea what the site 's nature will be after the game 's release ( in a few months ) , if that JJ section becomes a general news section or what .	26	27	VBZ	becomes	become
this story is about mother the empress of capitol .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fm signal covers the norwich area , 104 .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the game does n't have the commonly known system of NNP iii for heroes but still every unit has the potential to reach level twelve and thus gaining a JJ status .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
the goals of VBG democracy and promoting viable economic growth are especially important given the geographical proximity of honduras to the united states .	1	10	VBP	are	is
other sources of income include book NNS and member contributions .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
if the front of the shadow volume is VBN , the entire shadow volume may be VBN slightly away from the light to remove any shadow NNS within the VBN distance of the NN edge ( this solution is more commonly used in shadow mapping ) .	37	38	VBZ	is	are
audio NNS from a few east of eden live recordings are available online at NNP .	1	10	VBP	are	is
this sentence is hard to understand .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the NNP town NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the second NN , the feast of the NNP is a holy meal of NNS and wine that VBZ the fruits of the god and goddess in the world .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the waterloo section with three images is one to many i would select the two you like best and delete the third .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
that way of thinking is totally stupid .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
night of the living dead night of the living NNP among us ( 1982 ) NNP ( 1982 ) collection NNP set ( 1996 ) 12 hits from hell ( 2001 ) JJ version is a live performance .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
on the way , events lead NNP to suspect lord NNP , an NNP ally , of NN .	4	5	VBP	lead	leads
animal life at NNP NNP is diverse , with many rare species .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , much more research needs to be done in order to identify which chemicals in fruits and vegetables are responsible for a reduced risk of cancer .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
identical means `` every parameter has the same value '' , VB NN .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
in the last issue , the NNP version of NNP became infected while on the moon , the rest of the NNP being VBN by the NN NNPS ( the NNP eating NNP NNP when the infection takes control of him ) .	36	37	VBZ	takes	take
NNS NNS and chains are still utilized in rough NNS with heavy NN where laser or other optical measurements are difficult or impossible .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ NN beetle , NNP NN , is a beetle of the family NNP and a serious NN of NN crops in both NN and adult stages .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
main road routes passing through the town are the NNP , linking NNP and NNP , and the shorter , more local , NNP and NNP roads .	2	7	VBP	are	is
highlights include the JJ JJ glass ceiling on which a world map and NN are illustrated , the creative design of german artist jacob NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
a year later , the dwarf king sends for NNP , who VBZ his companions and NNS gifts to take to the dwarf king 's wedding .	6	7	VBZ	sends	send
the JJ composition of NN is approximately 0 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
support high quality , plenty of NN , VBZ its subject well .	2	8	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
flowing west parallel to the highway , which is on its right , NNP creek passes NNP , where it receives NNP creek from the right .	2	15	VBZ	passes	pass
businesses , concentrated on congress avenue and tenth avenue north , include several shopping centers , the largest of which are NNP and palm springs .	0	11	VBP	include	includes
experience allows the player to learn a number of techniques and tricks that need to be used to solve difficult levels .	0	1	VBZ	allows	allow
the castle has a little chapel dedicated to saint anne and a garden .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in idaho and the pacific northwest , NN sauce is also popular and is found at many local restaurants as well as chains such as dairy queen and sonic .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
it is now widely accepted among scholars that small businesses are responsible for most of the net job creation in the united states .	9	10	VBP	are	is
representative ben NNP is considering funding to see if such a transfer is JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the controller VBZ the speed NNS at all times .	1	2	VBZ	monitors	monitor
following rewrite my vote is keep everyone knows i rarely vote this way on a school article , but i think the age of the institution VBZ notability .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the first stage has two , JJ JJ west windows under a plain NN NN , and a similar but smaller window with carved stops to the south .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the above pages are only in hungarian .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the final quote looks fine , at least for your article .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look
my life is the most important primary document about NNP to be published in many years and a unique and intimate portrait of one of the greatest literary minds of all time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the yard has capacity to build up to three NNS a year , sizes ranging from 39 metres to 100 metres length over all .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
slow growing trees incorporate atmospheric carbon for decades .	2	3	VBP	incorporate	incorporates
NNP john 's greatest hits - volume NNP is only a list of songs on an album , not an article .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
truly an excellent admin , but interpretation of NNP is too liberal .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
author claims ownership of text on source website .	0	1	VBZ	claims	claim
the river winds its way south entirely within the district managed by NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	winds	wind
RB clearly states amongst other things that serious NNS of any expected standards of behavior , or any normal editorial process in the topic area are JJ .	8	25	VBP	are	is
there are generally special sections not found in the JJ editions , and the classified ads are usually greatly expanded in type and number .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the NNP cat is a NN , JJ , JJ breed of cat derived from NNP , american NNP , and NNP stock .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the show is in a JJ state until NNP VBZ a sheriff and manages to convince him to VB in the show .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ireland 's economic and social research institute ( NNP ) says the country is in the NN of a NN for the first time in a quarter of a century .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this category includes articles related to the culture and history of french americans in texas .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
however , many NNS require NNP , trigger points , earned in battle .	3	4	VBP	require	requires
in addition , the flexible wing VBZ itself open to design changes for possible improvements .	5	6	VBZ	lends	lend
there are too many spell errors , there is absolutely no citation , and the article is far from neutral .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
sources link this word to the old norse SYM - meaning NN .	0	1	VBP	link	links
roughly JJ in shape , its northern boundary is the thames , as it runs first north-east , and then east , before turning north again to pass westminster .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
as noted earlier , JJ NNS of banks are money .	5	8	VBP	are	is
a small government NN service is available nearby and NNP doctors are available at any time .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
courses are available in VBG , VBG , coastal sailing , NN , and sea NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , actress and mistress of king charles ii , is said to have been born in NNP in CD ( although other towns and cities , notably oxford , also claim her as their own ) ; NNP street is named after her .	24	32	VBP	claim	claims
the building has three floors JJ , and an underground parking garage .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the game lets players participate in a number of figure skating competitions .	1	2	VBZ	lets	let
several famous actors provide the voice talent for the game .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
members of the NNP town council are frank arena ( ward 1 ; r , CD ) , sam della NNP , jr .	0	6	VBP	are	is
if the circumstances change and the need VBZ in the future for there use , they can easily be returned .	6	7	VBZ	arises	arise
the site 's critical consensus is that `` critics find PRP to be RB beautiful , though its story is somewhat hard to stomach .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
though they can only do most of these tasks to a JJ level , and the creature itself has little JJ and personality , there seems to be a bond between them and WP gave the blood to create them .	16	18	VBZ	has	have
so many places are safe for some people and not for others , based on JJ patterns of their behavior .	2	3	VBP	are	is
but i think the current structure of small articles linked by the mountain NNP NN is a better structure for the information ( so NNP to improve wikipedia ) .	5	15	VBZ	is	are
according to their customs , every seventh day is a holiday ( NNP ) , on which no trade and no currency transactions are done , whereas when they drink alcohol , and VB in a ridiculous and JJ way during the whole day .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the lyrics are by NNP , while the music is by leslie lewis .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the problem for the NN is to determine which failures have been caused by the crash , and which may have caused the crash .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
VBN NN loans automatically pay a portion of each monthly payment to the principal balance with the rest being paid as interest .	2	4	VBP	pay	pays
their reaction to the raid is totally irrelevant to my mind .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
therefore it has been decided that our aim is to make life better on our campuses .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP performed a number of JJ NNS for sir robert cecil in france and denmark ; his high rate of pay NN , NNP seems to have been only a court musician .	18	24	VBZ	seems	seem
a further original rebuilt coach is at the west lancashire railway but made a return to NNP in 1996 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
sat ; these two problems are both JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is
i have marked it as temporary , though i am not sure whether the developers still plan to implement some sort of automated resolution of name conflicts .	14	16	VBP	plan	plans
the museum encourages within the community , a NN of the contribution to the community and the nation made by the regiment and its NNS .	1	2	VBZ	encourages	encourage
NNP 's local newspaper is the NNP item .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the issue with a redirect is that it would give the air of NN for what appears to be NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the company 's current president is NNP NNP ho .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
they currently play in the NNP amateur league division NNP present the NNS first team play in the NNP amateur league division one and the ladies play in the north NNP ladies league .	25	26	VBP	play	plays
that comment means that this content is useless .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
partly for this reason , the wounds remain JJ .	6	7	VBP	remain	remains
this choice has to be made with certain NNS the biggest of which rouge NNS that have missed their targets and are on a JJ right towards the middle of the battle where the spectators are located .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
sound is also part of the environment .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
note that the wikipedia search has it 's NNS too ; it does n't either have all the latest articles ( updated RB each day , i think ) , and it 's free text search is quite inferior to popular web search engines .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
sing NNS to our alma NNP , as good NNP do .	1	10	VBP	do	does
the JJ NN is a cool season NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
complexity is more important than NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
their diet consists largely of small insects and NNS , though it is not rare for an adult to VB small NNS and baby mice .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this one tells me an NNP is a NN recognised by a JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the united kingdom driving test is a test that uk residents must pass to obtain a full driving licence .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
especially within the context of detroit , where the rise of NNS led to a massive loss of jobs around the time these three were growing up , technology is very relevant .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
known as NN , or NNP , after the name of the function , this operation is the basis for most animation and JJ effects on the mac .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( eric NNP ) VBZ massive gambling NNS , and a foreign spy , herman NNP , tries to VB him into stealing some secret plans for an explosive .	14	19	VBZ	tries	try
the NN space in the full quantum theory has a slightly different structure from that in the classical theory .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
a parent immediately VBZ after and NNS within NNS of the NN .	1	3	VBZ	jumps	jump
from the rocky summit of little hart NNP a NN ridge VBZ north NN on grass .	10	11	VBZ	descends	descend
detail is good though and would still serve its purpose in the article though .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
but these forms are acceptable in certain JJ uses .	2	3	VBP	are	is
although both are examples of tribal NNS that employ stick figures , NNP paintings use NN NNS to VB the human body while the figures are not as RB VBN in NNP paintings .	13	14	VBP	use	uses
their bad NNS are the products of civilization specifically social NNS , property , and markets .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this image is freely available and is modified slightly for the purposes of encyclopedic presentation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , the trip takes thousands of years .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
one other small point , there seems to be a few too many links , links which are for consecutive words and things like post punk rock music where the former is a subdivision of the latter and the reader can eventually click through to rock music anyway .	3	6	VBZ	seems	seem
speedy delete , the only assertion of notability is a pretty obvious hoax .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the book seems to have sufficient independent rs reviews and media , including the already linked ( in the author 's article ) espn , NNP NNP ( two reviews ) , NNP , pittsburgh magazine .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
VBN vision is an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a key player in the educational field in NNP is the supreme council of communication and information technology NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
thus , magnetic core storage units are available to give the NN a capacity of 4 , CD , 8 , CD , or 32 , CD core storage NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the park is the setting of j .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the popular trail to the clothing optional black 's beach begins on the cliffs just south of the NN .	2	10	VBZ	begins	begin
instead , her focus is more on the status of women in the late nineteenth century .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the article RB needs a NN or two from native english speakers to have a chance here .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
sources are JJ about the construction of a prototype , but it is known that the aircraft never flew .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in practice , however , most NN NNS make use of pale NN for its much greater availability .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
these divisions go largely VBN through the year until the 23rd of june ( st .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
the intended effect is deletion of JJ t cells .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the list does not consider the tribes who became the eastern half of the kingdom of israel , but the western part of the kingdom of israel are only described as failing , and the only successes are by those tribes which became the kingdom of NNP .	36	37	VBP	are	is
the district is home to the manufacturing units of NNP , ford , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , saint NNP , etc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP i , supreme patriarch and NNP of all NNPS , this song is `` one of the most popular and loved songs today '' , and it is `` sung in family circles , at NNS , and on other occasions in armenia '' .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
JJ shoulder boards and silver NN NN are worn rather than rank NNS ( enlisted members wear JJ rank NN instead of shoulder boards , and no silver VB VBN ) , along with silver buttons .	15	16	VBP	wear	wears
their JJS vehicle , NNP NNP , has more NN and armor than any other vehicle , but moves the JJS .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
those classes yield what are now called NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBP	yield	yields
new york city but it is perhaps less so .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
though it seems that the turks have diplomatic relations , the inscriptions are n't quite clear .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the western NN has two significant NNS , NNP NNP ( also known as bay of NNP or NNP des NNP ) in the north , one of the most JJ sites in the south pacific , and the well protected harbor of NNP near the south .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
articles i created essentially from scratch include rule CD , NNP , NNP , NNP 's theorem , NNP graph , NNP algorithm for egyptian NNS , odd JJ expansion , NNP graph , split graph , NNP configuration , robert p .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
military commanders throughout the world are attracted to young soldiers for combat because they can easily be trained to carry out the most JJ orders , they can be found in abundance when adult soldiers are JJ and they can be forced to fight for little or no pay .	34	35	VBP	are	is
NN NNS are widespread in japan , and they usually also feature a number of slot machines ( called or NNS ) ; hence , these venues operate and look similar to NNS .	26	27	VBP	operate	operates
since the japanese domestic models use 100 NNS only , they can not be used in most other countries without NNS and power NNS .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
alternatively , the total listening experience becomes a bit JJ in scope , due to the band 's JJ NN .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the museum is open by appointment on CD CD CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the distance to NNP is 10 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
each NN features fourteen VBD stars , representing vermont 's fourteen counties , the state 's fourteen years as an independent republic , and being the JJ state to join the federal union .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NN in these reactions is often low , suggesting that the association between the JJ acid of the base and the NN NN is likely weak .	11	23	VBZ	is	are
the order is three , since a circle is a JJ curve and the NN 's order is one more than the degree of its NN JJ segments .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school believes that the spiritual growth of the students is a top priority among its numerous objectives .	1	2	VBZ	believes	believe
the JJ editions are still being produced and shipped into stores , but the special limited edition is now only available online .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the john johnson farm in NNP township , NNP county , ohio , united states is a key location in the history of the latter day saint movement and the church of jesus christ of JJ saints ( lds church ) .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
first , he states that the reporter is `` considered by some to be highly biased [ against israel ] '' ( i .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the fact that a brand new editor is filing afds has me suspicious .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
if the article fails to assert notability , or provide reliable sources for verification then it has a high chance of something like this happening .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
here , the focus is on NNS in NN , material science , NN and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
performances feature underground , vintage , and JJ music as well as samples from JJ NNS , function NNS , motion pictures , musical instruments ( acoustic , electric , electronic ) , field recordings , phone conversations , found sound , etc .	0	1	VBP	feature	features
his real name is NNP ( NNP ) and he is seen with a cat on his lap when VBG with the most powerful hair hunt block leaders .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN of organic NNS by water reduces the amount of waste and the metals are JJ and hence JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
new attractions being constructed include more indoor NN NNS , the grand NNP resort , and the NNP resort .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the systems are sufficiently similar that a significant fraction of the compiled software produced for one machine will run on the other .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the reference desk is not a discussion forum for RB subjective questions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the novel shows that mr NNP is VBG his time to the pursuit of a certain social or political cause , but never states the nature of this cause directly .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
to put this in context , the death rate from all causes is roughly 1000 per 100 , 000 population .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
disambiguation pages are blue links just as much as redirects to disambiguation pages are .	1	2	VBP	are	is
according to the NN 's notes , the photos are from 1978 and 1988 .	8	9	VBP	are	is
as the book VBZ it is revealed the base was attacked RB by the blue NNP JJ group , who were hired by the leading scientist on the base .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
cities in the district include san rafael , NNP , NNP , windsor , NNP , NNP , fort NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and crescent city , california .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the oldest surviving poem is the tale of the NNP sailor , written in NNP and VBD a date around CD b .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the homes in the neighborhood are an architectural mixture from NNP and revival styles of the 1920s and 1930s .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP tram stop is a tram stop in the bradley area of NNP in the black country , england .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN has a number of applications in molecular NNS , for example , NN of species VBP and species VBP times .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
actually , NNP 's question seems perfectly rational to me .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
members would also be provided with opportunities to make money through a number of income streams as membership grows .	17	18	VBZ	grows	grow
NN water quality NNS can reduce JJ disease in communities where water quality is poor , or in emergency situations where there is a breakdown in water supply .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the combined school , named NNP academy , resides on the old NNP county high school premises .	2	8	VBZ	resides	reside
to assume all afc members are honest and not bias is outright NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP square site is in the national register of historic places .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
their NN shells are JJ , and they possess two plates which they can slide across their NN when not feeding .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NN 's role is to ensure that the source NN is only presented with the business information using the simple data format it is VBG .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
each episode consists of a challenge with a reward , a service , nominations for elimination , and an elimination .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the film also has references to the medieval understanding of honor and how it was , in some cases , more significant than state affairs .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
note this is a JJ script that will affect CD pages .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
to be sure , this whole thing surrounding the question of the removal of this article is certainly give me a very bad experience and impression of wikipedia , and in this day and age of personal experience , that is everything .	6	16	VBZ	is	are
adopted by inner mongolia academy of social science , but the interface is poor .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
multiple appearances in the titles of articles that are secondary sources means that some article with the title of NNP combat is valid for inclusion .	14	21	VBZ	is	are
the income is good enough but it quite dangerous because they need to climb the rock to collect the bird nest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
due to the wide breeding range and the fact that the rate of decline , though remarkable , is still not threatening in respect to the enormous overall numbers , the lesser NNP is classified as a species of least concern by the NNP .	11	18	VBZ	is	are
some NNS are `` free content '' , as in they are JJ by copyright restrictions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
lower courts may petition the court for an JJ order during the proceedings on any new and complex point of law ; any such order , however , is not final or JJ .	24	28	VBZ	is	are
statements by witnesses are very RB made in a NN or JJ fashion , with speculation and VBG done out loud .	0	3	VBP	are	is
most modern suits have an JJ NN on the shoulder which can be set to release at varying pressures , closed completely , ( manual operation only ) or operated manually at any setting .	2	3	VBP	have	has
these components include JJ NNS including 1 ) environmental changes and policy , 2 ) JJ messages , and 3 ) behavioral and social skills or approaches .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NN 2004 NNP VBD NNP NNP ( long term protection is JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
two songs , `` RB '' and `` thoughts of a dying NN '' , are hidden tracks on the dvd taken from NNP arena .	1	15	VBP	are	is
the world of management systems is , after all , characterized by information NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
right now the above link shows the school as NNP .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
NNP 's arrangement is that if he is pleased enough with anything the devil gives him that he wants to stay in that moment forever , then he will die in that moment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the institute aims at training selected young boys from punjab for permanent commission into the armed forces through the national defence academy .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
the last movement is a RB NN with a stronger tendency to f major than to g major .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this is a gross NN of their legal power , and , furthermore , an admin taking it upon himself to delete the page based upon the claims of a lawyer party to the action is a RB bad precedent that will only lead to more and more censorship .	15	35	VBZ	is	are
in mathematics , the cake number , VBN by NNP , is the maximum number of regions into which a JJ NN can be VBN by exactly n planes .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
keep silly as they may be , and most of them perhaps not individually notable , still a collective article makes sense , as for other notable instances .	19	20	VBZ	makes	make
previous criteria were too strict , and given clarke 's role in the information age , this story is very relevant as well .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
keep until my deletion goes through .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
little information about NNP is available , as indicated in recent newspaper articles attempting to find out who the JJ NNP guy ' really is .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
since 1959 NNP has been committed to providing vocational training and further education , the assumption being that good training opportunities are key to the economic and social development of a country .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the man who arranged for them to come over NNP NNP comes to oz and gets into a NN with both the NNP and irish inmates .	1	11	VBZ	comes	come
allowing material harmful to this person is bad , but if it can be prevented without deleting the article we should do so .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the article is a JJ description of a fictional work with no NN context and lacks reliable third-party sources independent of the subject to VB any kind of notability .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP palace article says that it was begun in CD , which is quite soon after the date mentioned .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
besides being yellow , JJ acid NNS are highly toxic .	6	7	VBP	are	is
tourism is down ; accommodation remains empty for more of the year ; some shops and restaurants have had to close .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
loss of gene activity leads to loss of the ability to VB ( use ) the compound .	0	4	VBZ	leads	lead
domain of death is the third full-length studio album by the band NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP orange says the oil has been linked to several negative NNS such as NN ( due to the chemical NN ) and the prevention of JJ NN of NN .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
in contrast to the VBN , irregular NNS of local peaks , cultivated land appears as a network of NNS , some deep green , others VBP or tan .	13	14	VBZ	appears	appear
mass NNS do more harm than JJ NNS which are very important , but not directly relevant to the topic of health risks , include religious and cultural practices , the NN , and the effect on NN .	1	2	VBP	do	does
a line from NNP to NNP via NNP is in place mainly for the purposes of evacuation of iron ore by national mineral development corporation ( NNP ) from NNP with limited passenger trains .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
sixty media representatives from across mississippi determine the trophy recipient .	2	6	VBP	determine	determines
the area is in the green belt surrounding london and has two conservation areas , in NNP and in NNP itself .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN processes are important in the JJ time regime , and their role increases as the pulse duration NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the history of protestant christian secondary day school education in grand rapids , michigan dates back to the founding of calvin college and seminary in 1876 and its seven original students .	1	14	VBZ	dates	date
this link shows how the bbc news website is covering the debate .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the region is extremely cold , with temperatures rising above the NN point only in july and august .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other three large islands have a mixture of mountainous terrain and hills , with JJ land at some places along the shore .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the article needs sourcing , but i do think the subject is notable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN to travel on the NNP bus route is half of normal NN and all buses on this route are VBN buses .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the fact that their flowers are usually JJ RB at the end of long stems , makes them popular as cut flowers .	1	16	VBZ	makes	make
JJ , she tells NNP that women have children when they are married and in love .	6	7	VBP	have	has
the NNP mine is one of the largest NN mines in pakistan .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
traditions include sending yourself a st .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
that shot sounds like it VBZ through history !	1	2	VBZ	sounds	sound
do not delete - as said before , a list of JJ books is just as valid information as a list of officially published books .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the opening NN is similar to the main NN to the song `` NNP '' , a song by the british heavy metal band iron maiden , from their self-titled album .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the road remains on its northwest NN as it comes to the eastern terminus of cr CD .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the school consists of roughly CD students NNPS and NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNS and books are not trivial sources and i have appeared in a good number of them by JJ selected for coverage .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the album consists of demo tracks for the second control denied album and various death NN and live recordings .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the interview is JJ online with the mention coming just after 13 minutes into the segment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
blp ] ] , you do n't add sources `` soon '' , if the material is unsourced it should not be added ; existing unsourced material should be removed , especially if controversial .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
at a minimum , all digital television NNS in australia provide a CD NN service , in addition to high definition .	7	10	VBP	provide	provides
the vehicles are type iii NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the machine turns NNP into a chicken , as NNP and NNP approach VBG a huge power NN .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
in addition , the fact that the a team has been around for only three years is not a sufficient condition for being non-notable .	4	16	VBZ	is	are
from fraser 's JJ one of NNP 's main NN was his tendency to lose his NN in the heat of battle and this character NN explains the massacre at NNP ( CD ) and much of his conduct fighting the irish during the english civil war .	25	26	VBZ	explains	explain
the author is clearly a topic area expert and has widely published on the exact topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first drama cd takes place in the tenth chapter of NNP 's route .	2	4	VBZ	takes	take
also , while NN has no NN in it , the two metals look identical .	12	13	VBP	look	looks
the mayor of mineral town informs the player that in the farmer 's will , he left the player the farm .	1	5	VBZ	informs	inform
in addition to complete sets of the victoria county history of england volumes and NNP NNP 's buildings of england , the library holds a collection of county , town and village histories , and also holds journals and other publications of many local history and archaeological societies .	22	23	VBZ	holds	hold
the downtown area is home to the historic NNP theater , which features NNS by noted prairie school sculptor and designer alfonso NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's poems mention NNP and NNP and NNP 's NN , which some scholars take as an indication that NNP either accompanied his father and uncle to constantinople in CD or NNP went on a crusade with frederick i .	14	15	VBP	take	takes
cheese rolls were not found in any north island VBZ , however , until the late 1970s , and the food is still little known north of cook strait .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
this particular person has at least one video with over 2 million views plus some awards .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NNP steering committee has approximately 30 members from various departments and NNS across the university .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
their respective memoirs have very different stories on the conversation .	2	3	VBP	have	has
unlike cash that is given to NNS , the local purchasing policy is a cash transfer that carries an investment dimension in that farmers are being paid for the production of food .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
according to european digital rights , the article `` provides an extremely low threshold '' when considering that the scope includes `` acts '' and because consequences for NN can include criminal penalties .	7	9	VBZ	provides	provide
i do not think that such a category is useful in the first place , other than a label to VB on something .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
perhaps an admin will see it otherwise , but the edit history and article contents are rather clear .	14	15	VBP	are	is
video clips are also available on NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the incumbent master of senior boys ' boarding is mr r NNP whilst the junior boys ' NN is mr m NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the winning of NNS to christianity , on the other hand , is something that is actively pursued .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
just because an editor VBZ with you does not mean there is a conspiracy NN .	3	4	VBZ	disagrees	disagree
further , assume that each motor has a JJ NN , and so we can determine if either wheel has traveled one `` unit '' forward or reverse along the floor .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the island is famous for its NNP spring at NNP where the water comes out of a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fact that it does work with the various NNS in the country as well as un organizations means that it is a valid entity even though it might not appear as frequently on the web .	1	18	VBZ	means	mean
in one of the newest traditions held in the spring , students representing a NN of academic disciplines have the opportunity to showcase their original scholarly work in an interactive format that is open the public .	11	18	VBP	have	has
this movement has belief in blend of economic liberty and JJ private sector with peoples green or peoples sector .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
two men die when a coal train falls into the north dock at NNP .	6	7	VBZ	falls	fall
the NNP miss men 's lacrosse club team is a member of the southeast lacrosse conference NNP ( NNP ) in the men 's collegiate lacrosse association ( NNP ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
so NNP 's fate remains a mystery .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
in addition to categories for different genres of music , the honors include `` NNP NNP NNP a la NNP '' , ( literally , the `` NNP '' award for excellence ) , a career or lifetime achievement award .	11	12	VBP	include	includes
the mission of the river city brass is to VB and VB musical culture , primarily american musical culture , across a broad spectrum of the public through the presentation of brass band performances , educational programs and the production of recordings .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
it strikes me of being of limited interest , and the fact that there is a charge to retrieve any of the actual pages makes it not very useful for most people NNS and makes me fear that it could be VBN as a form of advertising .	11	24	VBZ	makes	make
the customer receives a dna home collection kit , which consist of two cotton NNS and a consent form to collect their sample and return it to my dna 's laboratory .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
the history of JJ translation of the bible begins with the NNP .	1	8	VBZ	begins	begin
however , there is little argument that once the NN NN has been damaged by a combination of physical and chemical factors , the skin is more vulnerable to secondary NNS by bacteria and fungi .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
sorry , NNP , but my examination suggests it fails the test .	6	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest
if he returns and parties wish to engage in mediation , this can be reopened .	4	5	VBP	wish	wishes
NNP pop , the debate refers to the NN and VB university debate competitions organized by NNP university , kolkata .	4	5	VBZ	refers	refer
furthermore , since every other section has a free image , there 's no validity to the claim that no free image could be found for this leg .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
NN experiments show that NNP NN is JJ to VB ( NNP NN ) , unlike all other members of the genus .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the first focuses on VBG that the fees are positive NNS of funds for a community and should be used in that manner .	7	8	VBP	are	is
this idea in NNP 's philosophy is this conception of time which refers to a succession of states of mind .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
her NNS , identified by the colour of their armour , include the JJ red NNP , JJ blue NNP , and the JJ yellow NNP .	1	11	VBP	include	includes
this bot is currently not approved to edit at all on the english wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the beer 's slogan `` NNP UH , NNP NN '' means `` my beer , my country '' in NNP .	3	11	VBZ	means	mean
most cable of this kind is JJ or VBN JJ in nature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the point is that as you say , and i prefer if people who vote would have at least some expertise in the area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game is a strategy game , involving single player playing , or NN playing either by NN , on NNP , NN , or even NNP ( NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
kings use their voices to VB instruments and to create NNS .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the skin of NN is very JJ and different from general taste of NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the men of NNP seem to have been farmers rather than NNS or sailors , probably due to the good quality of the soil .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
the play draws on the theme of the JJ suicide , which had been introduced into russian literature by alexander NNP in the death of NNP ( 1869 ) and was explored by leo NNP in the living NNP ( 1900 ) .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
though being more service VBD these two police functions are very important .	8	9	VBP	are	is
if current growth trends continue , the NNP metropolitan area should return to its JJ population by CD , with the city following soon after .	3	4	VBP	continue	continues
they VBP more heavily and lose more water when the temperature is over .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNS used in the picture are the three NNS x , y , z given by the three NNS of 1 , 0 , 0 for the entries x , y , z .	1	6	VBP	are	is
other NN chains present in the city are NNP ( two centers ) , NNP , NNP ( known in spain as NNP ) and NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the ordinary decision rule for VBG the mean of a NN JJ distribution is JJ under mean VBN error risk in dimension at least 3 .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
besides , the number 12 is of symbolic importance in the NNP which , according to NNP , represents `` man 's spiritual NNS '' .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
almost all buses are accessible while most of them are also equipped with bicycle NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the inscription is in JJ NNS and it VBZ a father .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this list spans from the issue dated january 8 , 1944 to the present .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
the major road connection is the NNP ( NNP up until 1994 ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
although the original text 's language is ukrainian , it contains many sentences in russian and german spelled in ukrainian for a more pronounced comic effect .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's place is JJ to that of the 13 colonies and their relation to the united states .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this is very clear in the NN , where the front vowel has a much higher NNP frequency than the other two NNS .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
gng , fails significant coverage test ( sources address the subject directly in detail ) .	7	8	VBP	address	addresses
the only proof of NN is NN , as often static electricity will cause objects to attract .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
almost all important places are near the train station .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the natural knee NN reaction is military .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the robert NNP NNP is located between NNP and NNP , california ( though its corporate headquarters are in nearby st .	16	17	VBP	are	is
operation of the pump creates NN ( a lower pressure ) at the NN side so that fluid can enter the pump through the inlet .	0	4	VBZ	creates	create
descent prevents the VBG ' tactics players were capable of in NNP - the deck the NNP uses in descent acts as a NN , so every action taken by the heroes comes with a price .	14	32	VBZ	comes	come
NNP ( which , given that class names are present in the NNP NN , suggests to me that the NNP is designed for multiple languages ) .	7	8	VBP	are	is
rankings are as of 17 january 2011 .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN also appears in the action NN as kirk and company land on NNP iii and try to free the NNS .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
in NN , a key distribution center ( NNP ) is part of a NN intended to reduce the risks inherent in VBG keys .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( 1992 ) - wins include two group ones , the grand prix de paris and prix NNP .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
some cellular phones utilize NNP as a NN format .	2	3	VBP	utilize	utilizes
but due to a bad judgement call by collins leading to an NN td , and a RB missed block by NNP leading to jefferson VBG the football , NNP leads the game JJ at the half .	19	30	VBZ	leads	lead
despite its success , the station has seen several program directors come and go , including the late doug NNP ( the rock 's very first NNP ) , greg stevens , NNP richards and NNP NNP .	10	11	VBP	come	comes
law night bike is an annual event where law students ride on their NNS and cruise down the JJ roads of singapore .	9	10	VBP	ride	rides
the official journal of the NNP is the journal of gene medicine .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
three noteworthy NN houses remain , as well as a few remains from a JJ chapel .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
if five wickets fall ( not including NNS retiring not out ) before the allocated NNS have been completed , the remaining batsman continues , with the last batsman out remaining as a runner .	22	23	VBZ	continues	continue
the sunday edition is , like most other newspapers , greatly expanded .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and so i 'm JJ that the primary NN actually VBZ to the protein at all .	8	10	VBZ	binds	bind
the increased NN surface area comes as a NN with increased NN costs because the NNS are a very important site for many important processes including JJ gas exchange , JJ regulation , nitrogen NN , NN , NN regulation , NN , and environmental NN .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
the video VBZ with a request for donations to jackson 's NNP the world foundation .	1	2	VBZ	closes	close
the stack point is the NN of the NN , and a group of stack points forms a NN pattern , as shown in the image to the right .	12	16	VBZ	forms	form
one of the ways a teacher teaches is by VBG objects near to the student that they expect the student to use .	5	6	VBZ	teaches	teach
the process involves cycling the VBG a number of times at a lower NN , lower speed or a combination of both .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
warm waters are harmful to salmon , which prefer JJR temperatures , and also impact other fish populations such as NN and wild california trout .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i do n't want to pick one of your names and add `` CD '' or something , since the rules VBP that .	20	21	VBP	prohibit	prohibits
russian , american , and european NN NNS have NNS prepared with NN JJ meat , eggs , vegetables and NNS VBD together and VBN with NN .	7	8	VBP	have	has
the tunnel roof structure is designed to carry all 16 JJ railway tracks while the ground structure provides one lane north bound and two lanes south bound JJ connections as well as one bicycle lane and one extra wide NN NN on each side of the tunnel .	16	17	VBZ	provides	provide
as a volunteer notes , the best part is that the items produced by these women are in demand because of their quality and hence are getting bulk orders .	11	16	VBP	are	is
there has to be a line , and things have to be referenced RB .	8	9	VBP	have	has
though not the only possibility - chip shops also typically offer chicken and NN NNS .	7	10	VBP	offer	offers
the afd discussion so far seems to have lost sight of the clear `` notability '' of NNP NNP .	2	5	VBZ	seems	seem
their JJ preferences display an JJ shift .	2	3	VBP	display	displays
the mansion is today a national historic landmark .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
from the reservoir , a diameter tunnel runs for to a diameter vertical shaft .	6	7	VBZ	runs	run
admission to some private schools is often highly selective .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
my initial point is the fact that aboriginal JJ law continues to exist .	9	10	VBZ	continues	continue
the major difference here is that NNP and the other authors have published in well-known peer-reviewed journals .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the episode leaves NNP feeling used and abandoned .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
ribbon NN awards come in many sizes from 1 tier ( 1 layer ) up to super JJ NNS of ( as standard ) 20 NNPS .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
the battle ends when NNP manages to VB NNP by VBG out the horn that gives him life , landing the NN when NNP NNS over .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
opinions differ on whether NN influences NN ( see NNP ) or the similarity of NNS is a NN .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
parts of the existing NN have JJ ruins built into the foundation and some inner walls , VBD to be evidence of an earlier building on this site .	0	5	VBP	have	has
however plans are underway to VB contributions as a percentage of ones salary .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the site of the seminary dates back to CD , when it was purchased by henry viii 's chancellor , st thomas more .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
the center represents the source of life , the east represents light , strength and knowledge .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
the chancellor 's NN is RB VBN with gold NN , whilst the NNP 's NN is black , VBN with gold NN in an oak leaf pattern .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
some examples of films on the subject are the wild one ( 1953 ) , rebel without a cause ( 1955 ) , and the breakfast club ( 1985 ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the park is immediately south of the jet NNP laboratory , which supplied at least a few of the earliest players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people interact with each other by adding and editing pages in the encyclopedia .	0	1	VBP	interact	interacts
chances are that they can tell you how you can help .	0	1	VBP	are	is
desperate to VB its own JJ NN , it keeps moving , asking , looking , and making the promise that hope is n't just another spiritual NN .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
i am concerned that the editor has an idea that a few photographs and an odd reference might seem to look like a valid article - even worse might VB a JJ article .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
a fine example is on display at the national motor museum , NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the eighth hole is the number one NN hole .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i understand the general thinking and why the proposal has no chance of getting through - but my answer would be feedback and confirmation that you 're doing a good job .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
as with other NN NNS , this quantity indicates by how much the VBN variable varies around its JJ level .	7	8	VBZ	indicates	indicate
only eight percent of NNS visiting NNP NNS are JJ ( VBN ) .	7	8	VBP	are	is
this JJ usage of ai strikes me as quite odd .	2	5	VBZ	strikes	strike
no statues of people on NN remain today .	1	6	VBP	remain	remains
the board , elected by participating members of its non-profit society , has authority under the society act and independent school act .	1	12	VBZ	has	have
diverse trails within the park provide walks to the salt marsh and to such points of interest as baker 's cave , tony 's nose and shipyard .	1	5	VBP	provide	provides
studio NNS are NNS specifically designed for audio production applications such as recording studios , NN , television studios and radio studios where accurate audio reproduction is crucial .	1	2	VBP	are	is
at NNP , several NN NNS flow from the cave to form numerous NNS , a scene of great beauty .	5	6	VBP	flow	flows
JJ theories point to his NN and NN , this is JJ .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
note that many traditional JJ roles , such as press NN or cultural NN , are not formal titles in diplomatic practice , although they may be used as a matter of custom .	5	15	VBP	are	is
a company standard by men NNP , a manufacturer of embedded computers , VBZ the NNP concept and the different types of modules .	2	13	VBZ	specifies	specify
the JJ NNP commercials by the state petroleum company NNP are especially popular .	3	10	VBP	are	is
NNS can attend classes , exercises or VBG sessions for a set range of `` fixed donations '' ; however , membership without courses or VBG is possible .	21	26	VBZ	is	are
he tells marshall the idea is a hit , and that he already has a large following .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the program has no joining fee , and NNS are valid for a year after joining before they need to be renewed .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the result is that light comes from both in and outside the JJ space , with the monk ( particularly along the hood of his NN ) being the meeting point of the two .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the university offers a diverse range of courses and has a number of institutes affiliated to it .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the nearest approach to NNP among the NNPS is a form , counted as a NN , for the NN of NNS and JJ persons , prayers from which are occasionally used in cases of other NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
most tram stops in melbourne and toronto have no associated platforms , and stop in the middle of the road ; traffic can not legally pass a tram whose doors are open , unless the tram is behind a safety zone .	2	7	VBP	have	has
the university follows a NN system .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the town probably VBZ its origin to the ford on the old course of the NNP , where the road between NNP and NNP , the two chief towns of the isle of NNP , crossed the river .	1	3	VBZ	owes	owe
unlike the classification activity , the association effort enables the discovery of service relationship .	7	8	VBZ	enables	enable
upcoming projects include the wedding tour , college NNP , and the NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
calcium NN NNS have a wider range of NNS and colours , depending on the NNS used .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the lyrics for `` NNP NNP '' , composed by harrison and also on the beatles , include the line `` we all know JJ , but can you show me where you are .	1	17	VBP	include	includes
the type and only species is r .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN rule also to apply when different people make the same revert , exactly the same as when 1 person does .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
the julian calendar ( chapters CD ) here , NNP gives an JJ overview of the date of the earth 's creation , the months , the weeks and the moon .	2	10	VBZ	gives	give
perhaps other information can be found that would add to its overall substance , to the extent the group is active in any other fields .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP is an association whose objective is to foster digital NN using solutions based upon free software and open standards .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a NN can be deliberately RB JJ only if the creator goes through a process of deep NN for the murder committed to create the NNP .	10	11	VBZ	goes	go
the informal style is also a problem , as noted below .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
students often appear with NNS , student athletes of both NNS VBP in NN NNS or their playing uniforms , while many men choose NN photography .	22	23	VBP	choose	chooses
notable archaeological sites are the NNP de NNP , near NNP de NNP , NNP de NNP , near NNP , and the NNP de NNP , near NNP do NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the village has one public house , the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
some students in NNP attend colts neck high school , also part of the NNP regional high school district .	1	4	VBP	attend	attends
the leader of each aforementioned NNS wears a distinctive jersey .	1	6	VBZ	wears	wear
the company continues to use variations of the same lens mount specification for its film and digital NNP cameras .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
many of the songs follow with NNS of why the user personally feels the song is one of the worst ever .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
meeting for the third straight year , minnesota leads the all time record CD , but the last golden NNP win was in 1960 .	0	8	VBZ	leads	lead
the toys include a small transparent NN that RB VBZ the holder 's thoughts ; a wire NN puzzle VBG a fourth dimension ; and a detailed JJ doll that possesses JJ organs and structures .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
during the NN , 1960s and 1970s , robert NNP , also credited as bob NNP , illustrated book covers for war novels , detective novels , NNS , historical fiction and science fiction .	18	19	VBZ	covers	cover
the historic district is a residential area that VBZ along oak lane between high street on the north and NNP street on the south .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the page discovery of JJ NNS gives an account of laser NNS , the developments of this work , links to further reading , and relates the laser context with video feedback systems .	2	6	VBZ	gives	give
NNP word stems are formed with combinations of word roots ( sometimes also called NNS ) , and NNS referred to as NNS and finals to create basic words to which JJ NNS and NNS are added .	1	2	VBZ	stems	stem
the couple has two sons , drew NNP and kyle NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
an argument for protective laws still sometimes VBZ , as with debates over the u .	1	7	VBZ	arises	arise
decisions need to be based on utility of the article to readers , not to VB compliance with NNP rules .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
the ship has net NN of 53 , CD net tons and cargo capacity for 6 , 600 container ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the mean elevation of NNP is above sea level .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
despite the fact that much of the information we have on this ancient historian is relatively obscure , significant evidence suggests that he suffered one of the earliest known cases of NN .	19	20	VBZ	suggests	suggest
notable players in the orchestra 's alumni include NNP NNP NNP and NNP NNP , both of whom were NNS .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
the NNP highway 's intersection with NNP trail ( highway 22 ) is east of the hamlet .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
yet , excavations of jerusalem show a continuous NN in jerusalem neighborhoods and essentially little impact of population during the period of persian NN .	2	5	VBP	show	shows
NNP NNS are often treatment NN , but this does not mean that treatment is JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the term magnetic variation is a NN , and is more often used in navigation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the channel broadcasts JJ NNS of NNP 5 , showing material available in hd in true hd , and VBG the rest of the content .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
the city of NNP ( population 5 , CD is the largest centre in the constituency .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the articles go on to say that NNP are spoken in various places .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
in the unified modeling language ( NNP ) , an element is an abstract class with no NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
if a file NN that refers to a door is sent , the system records the properties of that door in the flags word .	13	14	VBZ	records	record
the company offers market research , strategic planning , brand identity and design , advertising , media planning , and digital , JJ , and direct marketing services .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
user name indicates he probably is the author of the book cited as the sole source .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
besides it has no information , the name is not correct .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this is JJ in that the JJ texts are superior to tradition .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the national accounts balance shows the difference between NNS and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show
a typical murder case remains locally VBN and may or may not quickly VB , this one did not .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
powers include flight , NN VBD NNS , tiny mines from its leaves , and purple NNS from each shoulder .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the second paragraph also ends with unsourced contentious claims that need to be sourced properly or removed .	2	4	VBZ	ends	end
famous hockey games held there include the ncaa ice hockey finals in 1961 , 1964 , and 1976 .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
it is commonly assumed by readers that these two references apply to the same group , though there are of course exceptions .	9	10	VBP	apply	applies
the summer season runs from NN through early september and is quite warm by pacific northwest standards ; however , summer weather often VBZ between intense heat waves and much NN and JJR periods .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
the subject is not notable because it has yet to VB any significant business .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the show continues with a NN of famous disney songs VBD with the voices of disney characters making wishes .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
implications for who we are and how we change .	0	8	VBP	change	changes
this is clearly indicating that his works speak for him and he is not dependent at all to NNP .	6	7	VBP	speak	speaks
basic result of the case was , as far as i remember , going against consensus is a bad idea , but VBG without a new offense is JJ , and if the user VBZ up in the JJS a new indefinite block is not JJ .	42	43	VBZ	is	are
NNP is when almost all NNS of this syndrome report the heat symptoms being the worst , with the condition getting better as morning comes .	23	24	VBZ	comes	come
today , the orchestra for most operas is the NNP NNP dresden .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the wrong side of heaven and the JJ side of hell , volume 1 is the first of the two albums to be released by american heavy metal band five finger death punch in 2013 .	12	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP commands are JJ sequences of actions that allow players to VB complex NNS with precise timing .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no country is perfect , but we 've come a long way on the tolerance scale since world war ii when thousands of innocent japanese americans were rounded up into camps far from home just for having japanese ancestry .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her jewish mother , NNP , VBZ in all aspects of her life and her JJ christian husband NNP is unreliable , all the people she works with are JJ NNS including the JJ journalist vincent fish .	24	28	VBP	are	is
the song `` name '' is well known as the NNP NNP NNP ' first hit .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
nowadays the area includes its own train station , NNP railway station , primary school ( manor field ) and recreational ground .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
according to 2005 census bureau estimates , the population of the city is 5 , CD .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
a match traditionally begins with players VBG hands with and saying `` good NN '' to each member of the opposing team .	1	3	VBZ	begins	begin
squares are adjacent RB , RB or RB .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are JJ , JJ n , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are NNP , NN g , and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the breed has a neck of medium length with an abundant NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this formula is a JJ extension of the NNP formula .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the standards give them more than enough power to match their desktop NNS .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
but JJ law permits the use a simplified version of the flag for JJ use ( i .	2	3	VBZ	permits	permit
a work of fiction may be notable while the specific details within it are not .	10	13	VBP	are	is
a NN is a sexual act where a man is on the NN , receiving oral sex from a woman or man ( depending on sexual orientation ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
if the images use NNS are now in order ( with the reduction in non-free image numbers ) , and editors overall consider the pov to be an acceptable compromise , then i would certainly support this being at fa .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the JJ NN also serves an important role in research environments where JJ conditions are required .	2	4	VBZ	serves	serve
one possible method of VBG is to have the child lying , stomach down , across the parent 's lap , with the parent bringing their open hand down upon the child 's NNS .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
i am not sure how flexible this tool is , but if the rational is that it is not a reliable source then it should be limited to article space .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ acid is released from coal mining , and although the NN process is slow , the time it takes for the acid to VB is equally as slow .	17	25	VBZ	is	are
the JJ control tower is open JJ local time in winter months ( from october to april ) and JJ local time in summer months ( from may to september ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
old turkish NNS write that in CD NNP village was a NN ( domain ) of NNP , the son of NNP NNP , it had 6 households and gave annual income of CD NN to the NN .	2	3	VBP	write	writes
the company is a part of NNP group .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
gate ) , opened in CD by the NN ( minister of state ) NNP JJ NNP ; still remains .	10	19	VBZ	remains	remain
works better as a category , and progressive rock is not RB defined .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the home court is NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the most difficult problem seems to be finding people willing to do the work .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
an escape character may not have its own meaning , so all escape sequences are of 2 or more characters .	13	14	VBP	are	is
furthermore , the extended size of the picture box appears wholly JJ .	4	9	VBZ	appears	appear
his history gives the NNP a JJ character , since it was formed as most of our universities from the classic races of law , medicine , arts and sciences .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
a network management practice is reasonable if it is appropriate and VBN to achieving a legitimate network management purpose , taking into account the particular network architecture and technology of the NN internet access service .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the video game industry is huge , the NN NN is the inspiration of great minds in NNS gaming community .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the defending pan american games champion is NNP barber of the united states .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
it is NNP who constantly uses his favourite eastern orthodox writers to say what roman catholic teaching is .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
this newer method VBZ a stable form of NN ( CD ) into CD while VBN with NNS in a nuclear reactor .	2	3	VBZ	converts	convert
the population also includes a small number of muslim turkish people , who began arriving from russia in 2006 .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the only exception to this is the female mess dress , where they are worn on the NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP developed among the NN of NN japan as a method for defeating an armed and armored opponent in which one uses no weapon , or only a short weapon .	20	21	VBZ	uses	use
the main goal of NNP is to advance in the field of music computing by approaching a number of the current research challenges from a JJ perspective .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the various sources include such publications as forbes which , itself , freely claims their list is merely a subjective opinion .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
a third form of the game uses two NNS of VBG colors , with one determining the piece that can move , and the other the number of moves that the piece makes .	26	32	VBZ	makes	make
rush throws the cook into a NN NN and takes his place , working to the NN of the monks for seven years , but constantly causing NN among them .	0	1	VBZ	throws	throw
the ecological NN of the developed countries is between 3 and 5 times larger than the average ecological NN that the earth system can VB without an impact on its vital cycles .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the february 2011 issue of naval history magazine includes an article , `` when frank jack met NNP , '' by steven d .	3	8	VBZ	includes	include
the subject in the image is dead , and it is thus believed that there are no free NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately the wedding celebrations are RB interrupted by NNP and a battle breaks out in which NNP is killed .	11	12	VBZ	breaks	break
historical players are tough to get free images for though .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS indicate that a player is not yet eliminated from a tournament .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
although the engine is different , NNP shared code and file formats with the later NNP engine and JJ resources with several later JJ games .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but if our JJ man receives only quiet , casual gifts , it seems unlikely that he would have to pay tax on any given item , even if they collectively amount to a JJ existence .	4	5	VBZ	receives	receive
support this is a huge development .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the current name `` NNP '' ending with an a is incorrect as the locality was originally called `` NNP '' as can be seen on NNP NNP hammer 's map from CD .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
geographical coordinates and the interactive services linked to them , such as my project the NNP , are a great example of what sets an online encyclopedia apart from the print medium .	1	17	VBP	are	is
the burden is on the editors VBG to ignore the guideline to explain why it should not be applied rather than on those who wish to apply it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most open organisation is the national council of NNP ( NNP ) which is a professional association covering NN and coaching as well as NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as indicated the cards feature JJ NNS while the NNS state that it is the NNP football stars collector 's edition ' .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
NNP chamberlain NN seems to be the only article in that category worth keeping .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
user name indicates user might work for the subject of the article .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
this NNP filing has no merit .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
clearly the condition that the n possibilities are JJ except for their names is sufficient , but not necessary .	6	7	VBP	are	is
attitudes are NNP 2006 saw a participation of around CD students and was characterized by the inclusion of theme songs - composed and sung by the college 's in house rock band .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the main enemy of the game is a JJ but intelligent RB known as the NNP , whose guns are VBG the violence in the country .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ distance in these NNS is near 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i also realize that a single print reference is probably insufficient evidence of notability , but the article does exist .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
major crops in the area are NNS , corn , wheat , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this approach is the NN of the combination and the JJ style of play .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the word means exactly what i meant .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
a less common method is by JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP media award for gender NNP '' is sufficient .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the visitor is philip NNP , archbishop of melbourne .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it should also be noted that gay bars are just as diverse as straight bars , e .	7	8	VBP	are	is
also these JJ NNS carry a NN momentum which does not VB NNP NN despite the NN phase NN , the basic properties of this kind of JJ NNS are very different from NNP NN solutions .	22	29	VBP	are	is
as the constitution places emphasis on the need for democratic NN as well as general elections , it may be reasonable to VB that the structure of the constitution provides for a right to vote as a fundamental instrument of democratic NN .	25	29	VBZ	provides	provide
the format extends these standards by including NNS about the content and digital rights management .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
NNP NNP , no other actual JJ NNP NNS were portrayed in this film - other featured NNP NNS characters are NNS of the men bob williams served with .	19	20	VBP	are	is
each segment is approximately 5 seconds long , with different segments VBP together to provide longer , varied NNS for each level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ age is 17 with consent but 18 otherwise .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS are sexually JJ to which the females are larger than the males in body length , weight , and fin length .	8	9	VBP	are	is
i am new at this and boy is this discussion heated !	6	7	VBZ	is	are
his three most important operas begin with NNP in 1904 .	4	5	VBP	begin	begins
an accident with a gun causes him to flee london , leaving behind the small inheritance left by his father .	1	5	VBZ	causes	cause
this category is an easy way to find users who are members of wikiproject apple inc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i 'm VBG that it means that a third of the mass mentioned is NNP rather than NN , but the fact that i have to guess is bad .	21	27	VBZ	is	are
i am in college and am trying to gather information for an essay that i have to complete before this week ends .	20	21	VBZ	ends	end
the school also has a show choir , `` connection '' , which has won numerous awards in the JJ area .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
occasional tropical NNS generally occurs between january to march and tend to VB the weather for only about three days bringing a lot of rain .	2	4	VBP	occurs	occur
ill intent or not is not a consideration the consequences of your actions are all that are to be considered .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and museums continue to be a draw for visitors to the city today .	1	4	VBP	continue	continues
NNP ' part identifies god as the ultimate NN though not to be mistaken as a religious musical group .	2	3	VBZ	identifies	identify
notable features at NNP are JJ architectural NNS , which are composed of a unique JJ bronze NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the original brand , NNP , has been discontinued by the manufacturer in the united states on 18 june 2009 , though generic NNS continue to be available .	23	24	VBP	continue	continues
and also this proposal is completely irrelevant to the rest of this rfc , since NNP reviewers should still check for NNS themselves as part of the review process , regardless of whether they can VB that it has been checked in the past .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
well , your username is that of a commercial publisher , and the link you were VBG is to their web site .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
people put flower NNS in front of their houses , to welcome king NNP .	0	1	VBP	put	puts
the constitution VBZ the right of individuals to choose and change their religion and to interpret their religious beliefs for themselves .	1	2	VBZ	protects	protect
the reason is the new info about a biography in `` who was who in american art '' ( i .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a terrain park , featuring NNS , boxes , and NNS , is available to freestyle NNS and NNS .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the experiment causes an explosion that kills NNP , but the brain transfer is a success , with mickey 's mind ending up in julius ' giant body and julius in control of mickey 's body .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
most malaysian JJ people lead a way of life similar to the NNP .	3	4	VBP	lead	leads
his work is in many private collections , including that of the imperial family of japan , the robin NNP collection , the robert o .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the company specializes in JJ entertainment systems , films , film technologies , JJ software , and services .	1	2	VBZ	specializes	specialize
the criticism includes that his work contains errors , and i believe even the NN that some of it is JJ .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
information therapy works by engaging the patient in the process of care .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the cold war plot involves an attempt by the cia and NNP to steal a highly advanced experimental soviet fighter aircraft .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
although it would be good if there was , because when categories are out of JJ order they VBP the reader quite NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the fires spread , and completely destroyed NNP slip and several other districts .	1	2	VBP	spread	spreads
the airport is the former site of NNP NNP , a military air base , which closed in 1996 , after military units were moved to other bases .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the difficulty of this task is further VBN by the need to reach both general and specialized audiences of readers .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the upper arm is short but JJ with a square JJ crest .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the statue consists of a JJ NN , on top of which lies the NN body of a soldier partially covered with a NN that VBZ the face .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
a learning support programme works with individual students or small groups within a class or year group .	3	4	VBZ	works	work
the city was initially developed on the hills , which allowed for defensive fortifications , and the western parts of the city are the most RB .	18	22	VBP	are	is
the strip continues to appear in JJ NNS in its sunday edition , written and drawn by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
children are less likely to accept those who are different from them .	0	1	VBP	are	is
it makes no mention and does not seem to link in any way to the website that you seem to be connected with ( it also seems strange that the main site is clearly one of professional design and the one you link to is clearly JJ ) .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
an example of a NN in aircraft design is that the lift generated by a wing must be equal to the weight of the aircraft .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the school follows a NN for compulsory games and physical training .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the film features interviews and performances by many little rock bands including NNP NNP squad , NNP , and the american princes .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
in september 2006 , JJ comedy current affairs show real stories aired a fictional story about an JJ director attempting to make a feature film of hey dad .	7	8	VBP	show	shows
i visited [ [ NNP ] ] , and there i read that `` the island is a NN of the NNP NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
he comments that the film is a narrative NN about the importance of time and sends a political message about memory .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the town is at an altitude of CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it has also been shown that certain NNS produced by bacteria are JJ to the host , and can work in concert with the JJ capability of the NNS released by dying NNS .	7	11	VBP	are	is
the sixth mode has the intervals tone , tone , NN , NN , tone , tone , NN , SYM - it has six NNS , like the NN , and four modes .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the city consists of the eight municipalities of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this can be tight if the incident is in NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the JJ point of control from NNP 's is not an exact duplicate of the market profile point of control ( 13 ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
these methods are still popular in materials science , NN and NN where shapes of e .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNS have little effect on the plot , but many fans miss the material , and several of the edits are RB JJ .	11	12	VBP	miss	misses
the new NNP vessel attacks the hostile ship and the enterprise is saved .	3	4	VBZ	attacks	attack
speedy keep as event is the second structural failure , rapid NN , and emergency landing of a southwest airlines CD in two years .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the president of NNP holds the student seat on the board of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	holds	hold
the summit is above sea level , and located there among the trees are several NNS from which one may study the views , which are extensive in all directions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
currently , NNP 's capacity VBZ the NNS of only two other il teams ( durham athletic park and charlotte 's knights stadium ) , and by only a few dozen seats at that .	4	5	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
NNS that occur after the NN are generally less effective compared to planned JJ adaptation .	0	6	VBP	are	is
if people are afraid of irc for whatever reason , i strongly advise people to please start checking some of the resources that are coming on line .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his wife maria NNP is considered the JJ creator of san NNP NN pottery and her name is JJ with excellence in indian pottery making .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
their fur is predominantly black , with white NNS on the face and distinctive JJ fur over the NN and the outer NNS , while females also have a patch of pale fur in the JJ area .	25	27	VBP	have	has
the pavilion has a sophisticated drainage system which channels rain water through four hollow NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one source links to a blog .	1	2	VBZ	links	link
the idea is to determine what features of the website encourage the desired result .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
us universities also fall into this class of patent owners .	1	3	VBP	fall	falls
NN this article is very short .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the album features `` hot long time '' ( featuring junior reid , NNP NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
all questions about normal human NN NN levels are only JJ for specified age and sex .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the NNP campus is a JJ sports facility , used for practical and theoretical studies .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep the case seems to have garnered significant international attention .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the NN chemicals are sensitive to VB .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the above mentioned facts are more then enough to grant aaron a article .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the town has a number of factories .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
an editor claims that this blog is a JJ source and thus is not reliable .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
in the game , players are able to create their own virtual world , in which they or other online members may enter and VB within the blocks of varying shapes , sizes , and colors .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the window in the west wall is a `` wheel window '' , with six lights and a central NN , all in sandstone .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ tradition of tibetan buddhism identifies five NNS and eight NNS within the practice of NN meditation .	2	6	VBZ	identifies	identify
the minimum JJ distance for a lighter plane to follow behind a heavier plane is ; the NNP was only behind the NNP airplane .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
the interior comprises a nave and two NNS , divided by JJ ancient columns .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the present form of the name is in use since 1918 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
RB , this game is not up to par with other hits such as mario NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
main article the NNP is enough .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the medieval records known as the hundred rolls show that NNP came from the ancient town of NNP green , today part of a district of east london in england .	2	8	VBP	show	shows
since 1966 , women also play too .	3	5	VBP	play	plays
i somewhat agree , but i think the topic is fine but the content needs to be rewritten .	13	14	VBZ	needs	need
the main square of the town was also named the red square , as in moscow , which name is still in NN here .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
some other cultures make greater use of other NNS , such as towards the sea or towards the mountains ( hawaii , NNP ) , or upstream and downstream ( most notably in ancient egypt , also in the NNP and NNP languages ) .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
the film uses various JJ techniques to make planet terror appear more like the films that were shown in NN theaters in the 1970s .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
when such a violation occurs , the team about to surrender possession via a NN will retain its possession as a result .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
brown goes on to suggest that `` NNP 's repeated use of JJ NNS as channels of grace suggests graham greene , j .	10	18	VBZ	suggests	suggest
television and sometimes appears as a correspondent and commentator for various e !	0	3	VBZ	appears	appear
his later fate is unknown ; he is said to have fallen during the battle of budapest .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
yet some editors ( tough they have clearly conflict of interest per RB or RB ) do not stay away from such titles , they do not state their origin or possible bias , yet VBP others as NN .	2	6	VBP	have	has
locks similar to these early pound locks still exist on the river , although in many cases they have been enlarged and VBN .	0	8	VBP	exist	exists
NN NNS if you feel it meets the criteria VBD at that page .	1	4	VBP	feel	feels
pop culture ( NNP ) aside , this problem VBZ even important articles just as much as the economist VBZ .	18	19	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
a way to VB a commitment scheme is to think of the NN as putting the value in a locked box , and giving the box to the receiver .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the main character , charlie brown , is JJ , nervous and lacks NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
though the signs of his studies with odd NNP are clearly evident , scott 's work equally exhibits the influences of andrew NNP and antonio lopez garcia .	15	17	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
they say the NN bit works fine , but i do n't want UH !	4	5	VBZ	works	work
this NNP was the father NNP and also , as some clans maintain , of NNP , but others hold that NNP was his grandson and one of the sons of NNP .	11	12	VBP	maintain	maintains
the site is now NNP trading estate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the alert level is VBN as a warning , the remote can decide to close the session if it decides that the session is not reliable enough for its needs ( before doing so , the remote may also send its own signal ) .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
this zone begins in the plaza of our lady of carmen , which is popularly known as `` the NNP '' as the streets are parallel .	23	24	VBP	are	is
philosophy of chemistry considers the NN and underlying assumptions of the science of chemistry .	0	3	VBZ	considers	consider
like the uk version , the irish version includes an element of comedy through comedian dave lamb , who provides a dry and `` RB JJ '' NN .	7	8	VBZ	includes	include
after NNP is abandoned in belgium , the book sees him returning to VB at the london hospital and provides a detailed account of his life there .	8	9	VBZ	sees	see
larger NNS have been reported , but the typical output is sufficient to VB or VB virtually any animal .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the film is a loose remake of and NN to the original the texas chain saw massacre ( 1974 ) , which NNP had JJ with NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS often regard belgium as an invention of NNP .	1	3	VBP	regard	regards
the original 1870 station is a combined passenger and freight station , with a passenger waiting area in this south half and an unused freight area on the north side .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think the closing admins comments are good food for thought here .	5	6	VBP	are	is
along with the new classrooms , the project calls for construction of a new football stadium .	7	8	VBZ	calls	call
it VBZ on you to show , with evidence , that they are true , rather than on me to VB evidence that your JJ accusations are false .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the interface for asking a question is very JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
almost all radio stations in NNP are JJ , by the NNP radio and television corporation though privately owned radio stations like the JJ voice fm , which serves the country 's indian community , operate in the country .	20	35	VBP	operate	operates
this helps prevent the NN from wearing out RB because the major of the wear is obviously where your feet contact the NN .	19	20	VBP	contact	contacts
when human knowledge becomes a JJ good in a market of ideas , all sorts of opportunities arise for VBG , VBG , VBG and VBG with information in ways which are regarded as JJ , dubious or involve NN of some sort .	14	17	VBP	arise	arises
the other couple discusses her concerts and of how the teenage pop star seems to VB all of her fans .	12	13	VBZ	seems	seem
many modern NNS including greece and victoria ( australia ) are highly dependent on brown coal for electricity .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the journalism program of the faculty is a center of development while the departments of literature , legal management and philosophy are centers of excellence .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
though the principle itself is true enough .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
if the company is notable enough , that will eventually happen .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he had his tight ends stand at the line of NN at the NN , creating a unique looking offensive formation .	4	5	VBP	stand	stands
october 2009 ( utc ) source information provided is simply `` public information web site '' ; this is n't enough to verify that the image is has been released to the public domain by the copyright holder .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
to the west , a JJ NN wall VBZ the lower courtyard while , in the east , a long wall is VBN by two towers .	7	8	VBZ	closes	close
several JJ NNS RB related to NNP , a NN receptor NN , have been isolated from the plant , but the primary JJ constituent responsible for the plant 's JJ effects has not yet been identified .	24	32	VBZ	has	have
its main NNS are the NNP , NNP , and NNP rivers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
and if that is the case , said casual users are certainly not going to be any easier off with an JJ NNP derivative .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the different departments and operations are JJ and without one the operation fails .	2	5	VBP	are	is
a player in cancer education and JJ research , the cancer center provides JJ , JJ , and JJ cancer programs and services .	1	12	VBZ	provides	provide
to define in the JJS possible way for the NN takes several paragraphs see for example algebra .	9	10	VBZ	takes	take
VBG a decided consensus runs RB opposed to what the afd process is all about .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
its territorial jurisdiction includes the northern portions of the cities of NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
NN , if any thing is funny here it is your points .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
on september 18 , 1994 , NNP aired a NN of espn 's coverage of NNP 's NNP NNP NNP grand prix , using only RB camera feeds .	26	27	VBZ	feeds	feed
we all find it difficult at times , but the idea is that we should want evidence of bad faith , not just negative feelings which can arise from all sorts of personality NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the cardinals use their name with permission from the original national football league team , now known as the arizona cardinals .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the video also features a cameo appearance by NNP rule .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the complete collection consists of 15 VBD photographs , size 32 .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
in `` the adventure of the copper NNP '' , watson fires at and kills the NN .	3	11	VBZ	fires	fire
while other issues , such as the popularity and impact on popular culture have an impact , generally a restaurant chain becomes notable if there are enough individual locations that knowledge of the chain 's existence is very widespread .	2	13	VBP	have	has
NNP 's books often involve VBG fears , even in the VBN NNP stories , and she was aware that she wrote VBG stories .	2	4	VBP	involve	involves
an acquired brain injury ( NNP ) is brain damage caused by events after birth , rather than as part of a genetic or JJ disorder such as JJ alcohol syndrome , JJ illness or JJ NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
often , the writer of the code is wrong .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
generally , the prosecutor has the burden to show on a balance of NNS why the accused should be VBN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
other VBG partners include the ralph NNP center for cancer care and prevention and mount NNP hospital .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
if process demands that it be kept , then VBD process .	1	2	VBZ	demands	demand
this problem is useful when trying to create , for example , a transportation network that VBZ road length while still connecting everything .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP , the first stage of the feature integration theory is the JJ stage .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
the amusement park is JJ or distributed by the triple 5 group , which is owned by or owner of mall of america , inc .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film VBZ around NNP ( NNP ) , an innocent simple and VBG JJ , and NNP ( NNP ) , an intelligent computer NN .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the exit approach is a single lane , then immediately VBZ to two lanes after it VBZ from the main lanes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's second diff of `` NN '' was this , `` my basic belief is that RB presented information will eventually favor my side and failing that the test of time will since the temperature are going to start cooling RB .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in many cases , parents raise their children the way that they were raised when they were younger .	4	5	VBP	raise	raises
for NNP , there is a tax NN for contributions to a NNP , and NNS of contributions and investment income are all JJ .	15	21	VBP	are	is
JJ culture continues in JJ cities where merchants would stop and spend their time and money on drinking .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the name of the town is an NN to charles NNP , writer of many of the original NNP zone episodes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
clay uses the JJ NN zero to replace NNP and capture NNP .	0	1	VBZ	uses	use
however , it also tells how politicians also lie to their people , giving false promises , and VBG their own powers .	6	8	VBP	lie	lie
the other piece is a general article on the concept of state socialism .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the clock tower of the NNP serves as the logo for NNP ride .	5	9	VBZ	serves	serve
the key is NN , which is caused by JJ electrical activation of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book is written , edited , and designed as usual , but it is not printed until the publisher receives an order for the book from a customer .	19	20	VBZ	receives	receive
NNP tasmania facilities receive over 3 , 500 , 000 in person visits per year .	2	3	VBP	receive	receives
an exception to this is in parts of south wales , notably NNP , where the business community comes out in force to celebrate .	17	18	VBZ	comes	come
the primary NN is that a single set of views can result from a large number of JJ volumes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two little words , where one member of each team is JJ by wearing the NNP NNP and the others are given the name of a musician or band .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
leaves are often JJ , or with only a short NN , typically opposite , however the NN can be occasionally alternate .	0	1	VBP	are	is
other sites where NNP ruins were discovered are at NNP , near NNP , peru and the recently discovered ( 2008 ) northern NNP ruins near the city of NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
although a JJ locality , marble hill is too small to have its own NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
after NNP ) some languages treat letters with NNS as separate letters ( see NNP ) and some do not .	4	5	VBP	treat	treats
other major towns in the county are NNP in the township of the same name and NNP in the northeastern corner of NNP township .	2	6	VBP	are	is
today the town is an unincorporated community in liberty township .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
even so , the JJ birth order effect only accounts for a maximum of one seventh of the NN of homosexuality in men .	7	9	VBZ	accounts	account
when a passing college student VBZ over her cooking , the kitchen is soon home to regular people , not the homeless and NNP realizes that 's wrong .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the water falls into a clear pond at the foot of the elevation then forms a small river .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
see what the other editors think .	4	5	VBP	think	thinks
each NN code has a dedicated post office , and a NN , just as every JJ relation has an embassy and an ambassador .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these characters form NNP 7 bit default alphabet extension table .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
there can be fifty support votes and it would be irrelevant in every fashion possible so long as the objections remain .	19	20	VBP	remain	remains
the new JJ group is the NNP council .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ form resembles NNP 's law .	2	3	VBZ	resembles	resemble
from the point of view of a buddhist economist , the most rational way of economic life is being JJ and producing local resources for local needs and depending on NNS and NNS is JJ and JJ only in a few cases and on a small scale .	13	33	VBZ	is	are
insects also depend on their surface to get oxygen .	0	2	VBP	depend	depends
the game involves describing the eponymous cat using NNS beginning with each letter of the alphabet .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
its construction is one of the better examples that work of NNP NNP , a military engineer who toured the NNP ( between CD and CD ) to VB numerous military fortifications along the coast .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
dave ( kyle NNP ) , a fellow 8th grade NN needs help from the club .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
articles have other problems besides notability that are enough to warrant a merge ( or deletion ) such as lack of source and merely being made up of plot details .	0	1	VBP	have	has
legends of the game include players like NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
people in the us are widely suspicious that NNP has been helped RB by its former ceo , vice president NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is
some experts believe `` they were motivated by their faith , apparently an JJ , radical version of islam '' acquired in the u .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
the terminal NN is JJ , JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
after VBG on this for NN , it seems to be that in the us , JJ mental NNS are generally not considered VBN .	18	19	VBP	are	is
speaking of athletics , that article actually has prose and i count at least 5 valid references , including one from the NNP !	5	7	VBZ	has	have
christian his intention `` is to VB the sex relationship as something essentially sacred .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
because VBG points exist only when parallel lines are present in the scene , a perspective with no VBG points ( `` NN '' perspective ) occurs if the viewer is VBG a JJ scene .	15	26	VBZ	occurs	occur
the fourth building is the NNP building , a JJ JJ office building built from JJ brick , on the south side of the park , opposite the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
hurricane creek road is a local dirt road whose quality is below that of the shoulder , and the intersection is controlled by a stop sign .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
discovered in 1994 and formally described in 1998 , it is the type species of genus NNP ; its closest relative is NNP NN of the central highlands .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
note that indian star NNS and some other species display this NN naturally .	4	9	VBP	display	displays
later NNS of fast break have a stronger NN NN taste .	1	5	VBP	have	has
historians believe that the NN of the right of deposit was prompted by NNS by the americans , particularly NN , and not by french NNS as was believed at the time .	0	1	VBP	believe	believes
it 's basin has a maximum length of CD km .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
i think this should be directed to a se asia wikiproject for someone to confirm that this film is not notable .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
i believe all confirmed accounts are blocked ( i blocked two just now ) but a NN would be good .	4	5	VBP	are	is
many VBN attractions across the united states now feature NN NNS and effects .	2	8	VBP	feature	features
the instrumental album follows a day in the life of an indian shepherd from kashmir .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
in spain , the NNP community is the largest amongst the central american people living there , with an estimated 8 , 500 , according to spanish statistics for 2006 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the first four ( NNP 75 to 78 ) were built by NNP leslie on NNP , some sources claim they were delivered in 1917 , others claim it was the following year .	18	19	VBP	claim	claims
NNP snakes include very primitive snakes , which like extant NN and NNS would likely VB their prey by NN , such as NNP , one of the longest snakes known at an estimated 10 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in 1971 , general mills introduced `` NNP berry '' , a JJ corn NN whose mascot is a variation of the monster from the 1931 movie .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
design theory when VBN to problem solving theory is unable to account for innovative aspects of design .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
just then , the merchant NNP makes his first entrance , carrying an anchor over his shoulder , a strong symbolic reference to his true identity as the JJ general NNP no NNP .	4	6	VBZ	makes	make
other crops are in NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the VBN value of that sheet is one million NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the version related by NNP [ 1 ] holds that when NNP lay with the goddess NNP , and she was to deliver NNP and apollo , NNP sent NNP to pursue her throughout the lands , so that she could not be delivered WRB the sun NN .	1	8	VBZ	holds	hold
south africa ) , tom smith ( lancashire county cricket club ) in 2011 the professional is NNP NNP , who came through the junior ranks at the club , and represented lancashire county cricket club from JJ level .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP did arrangements for other NNS , and the JJ mixed choir arrangement is now probably the most popular .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
a much more JJ NN comes from a careful analysis of JJ data , such as the cosmic NN background radiation , galaxy surveys , and the NNP forest .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
either way , the question remains as to whether or not the source can be used to make such a claim .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
his name occurs in so many sources because he was the man who , in CD , killed king duncan ii of scotland , suggesting he was an associate of donald iii of scotland .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
thus , game theory is a natural way to view the internet and interactions within it , both human and mechanical .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP soon learns that the life of a magical girl is not the NN fantasy she VBN and is instead filled with tragedy and NN .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
however , a NN against this disease is not available in all countries .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
in this linear program , zero clock NN is merely a JJ point - the solution to the linear program generally gives a clock period that is less than what is achieved by zero NN .	15	21	VBZ	gives	give
NNS are atoms of the same element ( that is , with the same number of NNS in their atomic nucleus ) , but having different numbers of NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the town of NNP is on the NNP highway and has an estimated 2010 population of 44 , CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the VBN road extends from the interstate CD NN on NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
this topic category contains wikipedia content related to JJ society .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the first private school opens in st .	3	4	VBZ	opens	open
act on principles , a privately funded organization that was founded by several authors of the dallas principles , incorporates the dallas principles in their call for action .	7	19	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the tunnel features a variety of student NNS on the walls and is a convenient NN on NN or JJ days .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NNP 's father gets shot in the leg , and in NN tells NNP , he saw how much he loves his mother and NNS , someone is taking away your wife , go and get her .	11	12	VBZ	tells	tell
this article has nothing whatsoever to do with the subject of the blp .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a NN is that many of these structures are of proteins of unknown function and do not have corresponding publications .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original structure , some of which is still extant in the present west wing , was originally intended to be temporary .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the more elaborate versions relate to other islamic traditions of special forms of NN such as those writing the names of god , and the secular NN or elaborate NN of ottoman rulers .	3	4	VBP	relate	relates
since 1937 , the town is the home of the new england music camp .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
another local specialty is the `` NN plate , '' first served at nick NNP NNP and traditionally includes home NNS , mac NN , meat sauce , NNS , NN and choice of hot dog or NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when it 's done here , the person doing it is not generally considered to be funny by anyone but himself .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
this category includes notable persons buried at NNP cemetery .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP annual conference , usually held in july , provides sessions for parents , teachers , NNS and gifted adults , and workshops and activities for kids and teens .	3	10	VBZ	provides	provide
the pursuit of knowledge by NN is always JJ to what james ( 1890 , pp .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the town is on border with state of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as time VBN , each partition grows and VBZ RB .	5	6	VBZ	grows	grow
the adult male has brown legs , and the NN a NN rose grey , while the female is unknown .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the tower contains a ring of four bells .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP 's aim is to advance cooperation between the NNP media of the world .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ impact is minimal , since the location of the sound is recorded on the NN , which will combine sound in the ear by producing an effect equivalent to the original sound .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
notability standards are different for geographical locations , which have been established for many , many years .	1	2	VBP	are	is
bishops carry a NN as the sign of their ministry , and , on formal occasions , often wear a NN and cope .	0	1	VBP	carry	carries
david jones , convert whose works include NNP NNP de NNP .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's goal in telling NNP this is to make sure that NNP does not receive any important NNS , instead allowing him to take the critical role of watching the general flow of the battle in case he needs to take over for NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a national computer system does the NN , by taking into account students in the order of their preferences and their `` admission grade '' .	3	4	VBZ	does	do
an example of this category is the danger of fire to the NNP in NNP since the fire in august 1993 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
both `` NNS '' and `` hey baby ( new rising sun ) '' are in early stages of production , featuring basic tracks which might ultimately have been JJ .	2	14	VBP	are	is
keep VBG that the korean sources are as strong as claimed .	5	6	VBP	are	is
books and publications on aspects of celtic studies are numerous , a notable one being that of kenneth h .	0	8	VBP	are	is
foreign and commonwealth office migrated RB there are really need of more evidence it could be VBN by mail but i think their style is very JJ .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the titles in the before independence section are now standard in european history .	1	7	VBP	are	is
their work continues to be recognised and along with NNP NNP and NNP , they are considered to be among the artists who defined greek rock .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
initially , the girl refuses to leave the bus , despite the constant efforts of NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	refuses	refuse
students at hunter often enjoy various social events that are sponsored by the school administration , faculty and the JJ general organization .	0	4	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
teachers of core subjects teach no more than 64 students in a NN .	0	4	VBP	teach	teaches
delete the article is not very JJ , what it has become is a list of groups people have tried to VB as NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the user has a word file on tape it therefore loads in about three seconds .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the people who tell you they care about the world , sure , because you have to be pretty stuck up to go around telling people how JJ you are .	1	15	VBP	have	has
the episode ends with the NN of shaw from his NNS telling chuck he is still alive , before VBG to VB him .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
my point is essentially what the NNP has VBN ; my concern over the use of using one primary source is that i fear that it may VB an impression that someone drew exclusively from one source to write the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as their names suggest , NNP represents diamond , and NNP represents pearl .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
in the history of law , his work addresses the relations among civil law , public law , and international law .	7	8	VBZ	addresses	address
unlike with personal portraits , however , no free image is available or could be created , as NNS are always considered copyrighted .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
women who have received JJ wear NNS and cover their head with a NN NN , while other women cover their head with the end of the NN .	0	19	VBP	cover	covers
NNS section currently uses a mixture of citation styles .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
the provincial capital is the city of NNP , which lies opposite the ancient city of NNP ( NNP ) , on the NNP river .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although that empire has long since gone , a fictional country of the same name exists .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
npov does not apply on the essay space , the only way to answer essays is to write a NN .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
secret weapon is NNP 's eighth full-length studio album , which was released on july 17 , 2007 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the southern face mostly experiences JJ subtropical climate NNP which experiences the highest annual temperatures in the month of april .	2	4	VBZ	experiences	experience
NN to the garden of eden occurs frequently in the book .	0	6	VBZ	occurs	occur
the more proper NN would be NN , since the NN NN is the standard english NN VBG a female subject , while NNP is a JJ JJ NN , mainly used to something is smaller in size .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
administrative and faculty offices , classrooms of various sizes , two NNS , study areas and a NN law library are all under one roof , along with a NN room , café , NN area and offices for student organizations .	5	20	VBP	are	is
NNP and NNP , but the placement of a yellow lion on white is a violation of JJ principles , and also creates a NN problem .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
the reason that is given is that he has a NN and needs fresh sea air .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the soft NNS and JJ shores of these streams are ideal for VBG .	2	9	VBP	are	is
that is what the guidelines are for .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the corporations responsible for the feed have an JJ power in this future america .	1	6	VBP	have	has
actually , i expect the problem comes from the fact that NNP demands NNP editors use NNP , which is RB harder on the server than plain NNP .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
its weekly party , `` NNP , '' is the longest running club night of any kind in philadelphia , having run continuously since its debut in january 1996 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
it is clear to me that the intention is to try to RB editors into letting him have his way with the article .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the emperor sends a fleet under the NNS stephen , which VBZ the city and VBZ imperial control .	1	2	VBZ	sends	send
the story begins with a statement of what ancient wisdom literature considered common law precedent , ie ; what people considered right and proper in every way including NNS of natural phenomena that seemed strange or supernatural .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
a separate keyboard layout for NNP is available in NNP , too .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
although classical NNP law does not mention imprisonment , NNS are widely used in iran .	9	10	VBP	are	is
comment - there is already an article on NNP which is about spanish youth NNS , this information is definitely notable though .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
it looks like a bad VBG job , but the sentence survives its first draft even .	10	11	VBZ	survives	survive
this group has roughly a 100 species and subspecies distributed worldwide .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
sometimes , JJ yellow NNS or lines are visible in the center of each large NN .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the high NNS are an ancient and JJ race .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the use of the NN as everyday dress by NNP males in western new guinea is still common .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
this game is the third in the main series where the player takes control of the point man again , who teams up with his brother NNP NNP ( who was killed by him in f .	11	12	VBZ	takes	take
this user has created CD articles - this request comes from a bot generated list ( please see top of page ) .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
the VBG process has an impact on the course enrollment decisions a student makes , which often leads to expectations that course work will transfer or not , depending upon the acknowledged student NNS and goals .	12	13	VBZ	makes	make
i agree ; the little that the sources say is covered under NNP of NNP , with nothing left that would be specific to this article .	7	8	VBP	say	says
although an important political set of facts , this article is entirely copyvio and a personal narrative .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
each NN of an NNP typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent NNS , and two VBG NNS , the NNS of transmission of which are ( in most of the cases ) VBP to each other .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist
a test often performed is the measurement of NN capacity and JJ NN for evidence of poorly functioning NN muscles .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the first three sections contain mostly the works of poets from the middle of the 7th century to the early part of the 8th century .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
the community has its origin from the direct NNS of NNP ( a NNP child saint who revived NNP in tamil JJ century ce ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
parliamentary constituencies are generally the same as the counties of sweden , except for the 3 largest ones that are divided into smaller constituencies .	1	2	VBP	are	is
platoon NNS work with the company sergeant major and subordinate section commanders .	1	2	VBP	work	works
and the origin of the name remains a mystery in that case too .	2	6	VBZ	remains	remain
much of the NNP 's upper course through NNP and NNP counties has been VBN and VBN ; in some of these areas , water continues also to flow in the river 's old natural channel .	24	25	VBZ	continues	continue
the district is in total 18 , CD registered businesses .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
above ground , its most JJ feature is a striking glass `` drum '' across , which covers a deep opening VBG almost to the jubilee line platforms , below the surface .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
at rush hour , trains run at JJ minute intervals on lines 1 , 3 and 4 , and at JJ minute intervals on line 2 .	4	5	VBP	run	runs
the JJ work on the battle is 1957 's the bridge at NNP by the american author ken NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
while checking all the three images at NNP including the NNP pages here and in commons , my understanding is that the current nomination is an improved version from the same contributor .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
stories of NN by members of the NNP continue to be promoted by the people 's republic of china government even to this day , and appear in school NNS .	0	8	VBP	continue	continues
NNP 's JJ legend stamp displays the soldier 's portrait as a young man , photographed just prior to his departure for NNP .	4	5	VBZ	displays	display
the intersection is very close to the NN of the boundaries of the independent cities of suffolk , NNP , and portsmouth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the cause of death of two soldiers who died in the first half of 2003 has yet to be VBN .	1	15	VBZ	has	have
figure 11 shows a beam VBD silicon integrated circuit RB VBD to a gold VBN JJ pattern VBD on an JJ JJ NN which will be VBN and VBN in a JJ device .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
but the trademark is a JJ phrase .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that if he is a genuine new user i 'm happy to take the time to address his concerns , however if it 's just NNP again i see no point and he 's VBG our time again .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the management board of the foundation consists of two NNP appointed by NNP , three members of the general public nominated by the council of ministers and approved by NNP , and a representative from both the isle of man arts council and NNP national heritage .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist
if none of that happens or if this thread becomes a place to VB the NNP on those talk pages , then i 'll collapse the thread and end the discussion .	8	9	VBZ	becomes	become
RB more chess NNS , see the chess page at the english NNP .	3	5	VBP	see	sees
install NN on a computer by VBG code injection NNS in a web browser or its NNS when the user visits a JJ site .	19	20	VBZ	visits	visit
judge the solutions with the criteria , and determine which solution is the best overall .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
if a user makes a change to an event on any device it will be automatically VBN to the NNP servers and , by extension , all the user 's other devices , such as the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
on the one hand , NNP finally VBZ that the drawing is familiar because he has seen it many times , within a family photo displayed at the NNP home .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the band consists of NNP , steve NNP , NNP NNP , eric NNP , ryan adams , and stephen NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the song tells the story of a young man who has dreams of making it big in hollywood , eventually succeeding .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
conflicts are difficult RB nearly impossible to avoid in wikipedia .	0	1	VBP	are	is
my own NN has a tradition of not using them in the sanctuary ( JJ images , maybe ) also VBG the empty cross rather than the NN , although images in a bible , depicting life of christ etc .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
local legend claims that if at full moon a woman passes through the VBN stone seven times backwards , she will soon become pregnant .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the goal of operational effectiveness as a strategy is to perform internal business activities better than competitors , making the company easier or more JJ to do business with than other market choices .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the first variation VBZ the theme into a JJ triple meter while VBG it with NNS , while in the second the violin VBZ the melody and VBZ it even further .	22	23	VBZ	steals	steal
in particular the VBN NN limits the ability of fluid to VB on the material surface .	4	5	VBZ	limits	limit
the NNP line of the NNP commuter rail passes west of the pond ; however , the nearest actual station is in NNP center , 1 .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
in addition to these findings , NNP scientists suggest that NN irrigation accompanied with conservation NN would greatly reduce the NN crop water requirement .	7	8	VBP	suggest	suggests
the JJS way is that NNS on the screen , being VBN over the NN , allow the viewer to measure , as if a clear ruler were laid over the image .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the best explanation is that it is a NN from a greek original , in which NNP NN ( UH ' or CD of the trade ' ) was JJ as NNP NNP ( CD ' ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cyprus relations refer to the JJ relations between algeria and cyprus .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers
in present times too , people place NNS on birthday NNS and a silent wish is made before VBG out the NN .	5	6	VBP	place	places
nonetheless , the contrast of JJ primary reds and whites serves to achieve an emotional effect typical of van der NNP 's best work .	3	10	VBZ	serves	serve
when the NNP missionaries spread to VB they established the friends church ( NNS ) through a missionary by the name of arthur NNP , who had started the church in NNP , in NNP .	3	4	VBP	spread	spreads
this article seems very close to an original work ( even if is well referenced ) .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
he is clearly defined by his NNS , believing that NNS are possession by a JJ force rather than an NN ' .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP devices return the patient 's whole blood with all the blood elements and NNS including NNS , VBG factors , and plasma proteins with a substantial NNP level .	1	2	VBP	return	returns
this plant grows on wet NNS and NNS , and in pine NNS .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
the NNP numbers are a sequence of NNS , starting with 0 , 1 and continuing 1 , 2 , 3 , 5 , 8 , 13 , .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the constitution also provides for the recall of the president by a referendum .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the company is most recognised for its involvement in golf , tennis , NN and NN through the NNP , NNP , NNP and carlton brands .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since they believe to be at rest they must consider only the transmission time of the signals and then crossing their observations to examine whether their NNS are JJ .	26	27	VBP	are	is
the precise definition of a `` child '' for immigration purposes is complex , taking into account the various NNS of JJ , NN , and JJ relationships that are possible .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
my role is solely as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
per the links that victor NNP posted above , google scholar shows CD citations for the book and CD for the original study .	10	11	VBZ	shows	show
politics , in large part , consists of series of allegations and NNS ; hard facts are often difficult to come by .	15	16	VBP	are	is
but all her NNS are way off .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the larger lake is 35 metres ( CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
corporations are in any event JJ about such matters - probably my central objection to your line of thinking .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the businesses that provide farmers with seeds , equipment , chemicals and other goods and services use the data when planning their marketing strategies .	1	16	VBP	use	uses
on a more important issue , a film requires JJ coverage in reliable secondary sources to be notable enough for inclusion in wikipedia .	7	8	VBZ	requires	require
the references appear in NNP 25 and NNP 16 which describe the lives of roman NNP NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
in addition to ribbon development connecting NNP ( in NNP ) with scholar green ( in odd rode parish ) , the parish also contains the NNS of NNP gate , NNP heath and NNP heath end , and the NNP hall estate .	22	24	VBZ	contains	contain
this year marks a fresh start for the saints .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
the only factors that could change this is if the perceived threat against israel dramatically rises , or iran is VBN by other world powers ( national pride could be a large factor behind VBG more support for NNP NNP ) .	11	15	VBZ	rises	rise
the figure to the right is a JJ victory , VBN in mail and wearing a helmet .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
german buildings from this period include NNP abbey .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the airline codes of its predecessor are still in use , and the former NN NNP remained in use until it was changed to NNP on 24 september 2010 .	2	6	VBP	are	is
this volume is a collection of 44 poems of various lengths by NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his response to warnings and relevant NN is to become increasingly JJ .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
as time goes on , his JJ attitude becomes less prevalent and he VBZ to his role as a member of NNP 's crew .	7	8	VBZ	becomes	become
the whole paragraph seems to me to be pretty JJ .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the aim of the NN is to VB you into doing all the work , or better yet VBG them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this plant grows in dry or JJ habitat types .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
details about dixon 's childhood are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is
agencies as having potential for tourism with NNS VBP several facilities since several decades , but infrastructure development is weak to at this place to attract tourists in large scale .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
a small group of houses on NNP road mark the beginning of the village and the village boundary is near NNP .	2	8	VBZ	mark	marks
the NN to the album contains 19 facts about the history of NN and the positive attributes of NN .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
together , these latter bones usually form a single JJ circular NN for the NN of the first NN .	4	6	VBP	form	forms
the sage is never without his dog NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
oppose - his NN is way too JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the railroad connection ends at the JJ port of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
NNP , an attorney in civilian life ( NNP law 1939 ) , explains that the trial is illegal , the men are in the military service of their country .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
i disagree , the author of the work is definitely a separate source .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
in describing sleep no more , the directors write that `` screen VBZ become intense physical NNS between characters and the body becomes the site of debate .	21	22	VBZ	becomes	become
the housing initiative is part of a new residence life program that includes new student activities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the building is now a restaurant and jazz club under the name `` garage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP tells wesley that he 's too late , her army will be brought forth , but then she sees her statue has been VBN and her army is dead .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the long string instrument is a series of NNS VBN over 90 feet that are played by being VBN with NN covered hands while the player walks the length of the instrument .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the main difference between NN and NNP syndrome is that in NNP 's there is no significant delay .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
most cases of separation are extremely JJ and JJ .	1	4	VBP	are	is
one ( the live stream ) is VBN for gameplay and NN internet conditions , while the other ( the media stream ) is a full hd stream that is JJ and used for spectators or for NNS to record videos of their gameplay .	21	23	VBZ	is	are
the full-length snake is about JJ and has black stripes with a lighter coloured NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
first , this is obvious false on its face -- the road has more notability than most smaller roads in the city .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
the temple also has a NN structure that still is not completely understood by NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
bio are there to help you .	0	1	VBP	are	is
david NNP argues that the play represents the dark side of love .	5	6	VBZ	represents	represent
the company produces around 20 million NNS of premium NN annually .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
through the community NNS , the society promotes the emotional health and NN of their participants .	6	7	VBZ	promotes	promote
the mission of the international nonprofit NNP , established in 1896 , is to reduce the worldwide burden of fire and other NNS on the quality of life by providing and VBG consensus codes and standards , research , training , and education .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
order 66 is the fourth novel in the republic NNP series , written by karen NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the band visits argentina and learn a new dance move ; the monster NN .	1	2	VBZ	visits	visit
featured articles are considered to be the best on wikipedia , as determined by wikipedia 's editors , and good articles are those which are considered to be of good quality but which are not yet featured article quality .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the space a battle occupies depends on the range of the weapons of the NNS .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
yeah , but when people say something like this , they are also VBG that it should be .	4	5	VBP	say	says
current JJ NN batteries use a NN NN , a JJ , glass , or JJ NN , and a JJ carbon NN .	3	4	VBP	use	uses
in 1911 , ernest NNP concluded , based on alpha particle NN , that an atom has a central NN NN .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
notable temples in the province are the NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
from the point of view of the NNP container , any code in another NNP is remote .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
rs coverage of the subject , and that site is just another wiki , which by definition makes it .	16	17	VBZ	makes	make
the strongest and largest male is often the victor .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the company has the largest market share of mobile , NN and NN customers in the NNP of NNP , which incorporates the islands of NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the model says , essentially , that if one NNP ( here the light ) already fully VBZ that the us will come , nothing will be learned about a second NNP ( here the tone ) that VBZ the first NNP .	13	17	VBZ	predicts	predict
the making of mary NNP 's NNP shop - a girl has problems running a NN shop .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
this guy likes to add lies and nonsense to articles about musicians and celebrities .	1	2	VBZ	likes	like
earlier in 2007 , the NNP had reduced the amount of time units spend overseas in a combat theater , which in turn shifted NN NNS and required earlier NNS than anticipated .	12	13	VBP	spend	spends
i do n't understand how the block applied by NNP could be considered an enforcement block , since the arbcom ruling requires that notice must be given first , before any future conduct can be subject to enforcement blocking .	20	21	VBZ	requires	require
the JJS solution is to have all NNS running the same version of windows .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
various free and JJ NNS exist which allow NNS to modify existing NNP .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
the finite mind can not VB NN - and the soul , which comes from god , is infinite .	10	17	VBZ	is	are
it follows that the categories feature as necessary components in any possible experience .	4	5	VBP	feature	features
the people who are in power just create the voting results out of whole cloth , and do so with NN , because no one calls them on it .	24	25	VBZ	calls	call
individual homes , small businesses and other structures are most frequently affected when an internal NN VBZ up gas inside the structure .	1	8	VBP	are	is
political meetings require government approval and may not be held in schools or churches .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
in NNP , the road VBZ NNP .	4	5	VBZ	intersects	intersect
the school colours are bottle green and gold .	2	3	VBP	are	is
one such student from the NNP NNP school who eventually completed upper secondary education and went on to become a dental surgeon is dr NNP NNP , who then established her practice , NNP NNP NNP ( NNP dental clinic ) in NNP NNP , malaysia .	2	22	VBZ	is	are
the sports museum of NNP is a museum in NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a digital NN is called JJ if the VBN content is RB equivalent to the original , JJ content .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
other examples include barber cut and barber cut NNP by NNP NNP games .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
if a university is notable , that does not mean that each department ( could be CD per university ) should get its own article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
entrance to the school is by competitive examination , and students may take the caribbean examinations council examination , or NNP , upon graduation .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
upon choosing , the player gets on a bus to los angeles , where he meets a JJ girl named kelly , who says she is going to l .	4	5	VBZ	gets	get
i feel an issue with criteria ( b ) - the person has to have died RB or RB .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
JJ NNS are NNS which are possibly true but are JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in CD NNP said , NNS are JJ .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the orange institution is , as the article makes clear , an international organization with a presence in many countries and NNS .	7	8	VBZ	makes	make
most witnesses at a public inquiry say as little as possible and do their best to VB their NN thoughts '' , NNP VBD .	1	6	VBP	say	says
the only question is if the us dollar will lose its value slowly or quickly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
moreover , whereas one can VB if CD itself or block for its violation is the actual sanctions , the article 's full protection is already a NN , which has been applied to whole wp community .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
JJ ships contain JJ numbers of NN NNS for VBG NNP , as well as NNS in which human victims are preserved for future feeding in NNS .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the NN problem is the problem of how NNS VBP elements in complex patterns of JJ input so that they are allocated to VB NNS ' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some NNS use NNP NNS opening and closing several times a second , while others have special NNS as NNS .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the rest of the sound waves either reflect back to the compression driver surface or travel to another phase NN slot or port ; in both cases the result is wave energy leaving the phase NN after the initial NN .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
many local residents oppose the plant .	2	3	VBP	oppose	opposes
another popular option is to VB them into very short sections and VB them in an NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their role relates to design , certification , NN and installation of the facade with respect to the overall objectives of structural NN , appearance , quality , performance , cost , NN and schedule .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
all commercial NNP NNS contain some form of NNP NN .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
the branch , which opened in january 1990 , has a central copper dome with two smaller VBD structures , which were designed to resemble and NNS of horse farms which at one time prevalent in green township .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
the NN product is a salt of a JJ acid and the reduction product is an alcohol .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the faculty and staff members come from specified areas of the university and include a representative from the communication college .	4	5	VBP	come	comes
NNS , by their nature , tend to be full of JJ references , and a list of them is rather like a list of joke NNS with the questions left out .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the two trumpet front line employed by NNP NNP NNP is a trademark sound that leads some musical NNS to VB any group with `` NN '' in its name if it does n't feature an JJ brass section .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
african topics but a family of JJ NNS from which some designers draw to suggest the NN of letters on wood .	11	12	VBP	draw	draws
this faculty consists of five NN courses .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
however the question is in what area and over what period as NN said .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
historic sites include alley spring and alley mill , NNP hospital and many NNP structures at big spring .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when the absorbed NN is not uniform , or when it is only applied to a portion of a body or object , an absorbed NN representative of the entire item can be calculated by taking a JJ average of the absorbed VBZ at each point .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this ability is important in large systems because it allows to reduce network traffic caused by unnecessary NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ segments include NNS , NNS , and NNS while excluding NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the 1952 image is that of a man found in NNP , germany .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
lead has a JJ JJ crystal structure .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
its historical value is ward was on intimate terms with spencer NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the meantime , NNP , seeing the NN war , VBZ that the gods take sides , and specifically that NNP help the mice .	14	15	VBP	take	takes
the goal is to become a 5 star resort .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a majority of ethnic NNP VBP the northwest region of iran , which is also called azerbaijan , and both countries are majority NNP .	20	21	VBP	are	is
its members are typically chosen from a majority coalition in the lower house of parliament ( the NNP ) , although exceptions to this rule are not uncommon .	21	25	VBP	are	is
the plan is to organize the loyal portion of the former army , along with the NN , under a modern and efficient officers corps with a central command .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
like the JJ scan , fat is VBN from water , but in this case fat shows darker , and water lighter .	15	16	VBZ	shows	show
for example , if the marble runs over a button , it might VB a NN that sends the next marble down a different path .	5	6	VBZ	runs	run
the second story has three small NN windows below the roof NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these study aids are generally summaries ( `` NNS '' ) of the cases from the NN to which it is `` VBN , '' presenting them in the same order as the NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
old JJ NNS are not suddenly good arguments just because they are repeated again and again .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNS usually have a NN period of CD days , and typically give birth to one NN at a time .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the boat is accessible by NN , but no gasoline motors are permitted .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most common use of the term ballad in modern pop music is for an emotional love song .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
school web pages are not an option .	2	3	VBP	are	is
all JJ NNS treat all municipalities RB .	2	3	VBP	treat	treats
both birds are rare and protected nowadays , though some forest is still threatened by logging in addition to the JJ threat of NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this iconic image is one of the best known in american golf , and was used as the logo for the united states golf association 's NNP celebrations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article is about NN , part of the NN , a NNP VBG ceremony .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
scott NNP at the the american conservative criticized NNS writing that a `` RB required balanced budget is a stupid idea , and that anyone who signs this new NN is RB insane and should therefore be VBN from public office .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
most or all people eventually become VBN by a sound or short phrase that is repeated ad NN .	3	5	VBP	become	becomes
combination NNS are harder to develop and produce , because of potential NNS and interactions among the NNS and other ingredients involved .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the highlight is the point to point beach racing on NNP beach .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i trust that my subject is notable and the article has sufficient sources but input on those aspects would also be appreciated .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
a JJ flag ( also known as an auxiliary flag or NNP RB flag ) is a condition code flag bit in the status register in many NNP ( e .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
finally , the output is a mechanical NN of the wheel ( the brake shoe ) , and the safe NN of the vehicle .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
different people NNP encounters mention NNS and money troubles he does n't remember , and he is outright NN at several houses which should have been beneath him .	1	4	VBP	mention	mentions
a barrier reef forms a JJ barrier around an island resulting in a NN between the shore and the reef .	2	3	VBZ	forms	form
it has 2 , CD inhabitants and the area is 32 .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the neighborhood is accessible thanks to its surrounding NNS and the union NNP gardens subway station .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , inline with text specifically discussing the company and also his cartoon drawing style , of which the logo is an example .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
interesting since not a single person responsible for the NN agrees .	5	10	VBZ	agrees	agree
an example of a NNP NN is on display at the NNP NNP museum in NNP , wisconsin .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
arbitrary application of the rule promotes well .	1	5	VBZ	promotes	promote
the specific mechanism depends on the species , the cell type , and the JJ movement .	2	3	VBZ	depends	depend
the forum is a list of what episodes have been submitted for emmy consideration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other rock formations in this section of the watershed are mostly JJ and JJ minerals .	3	10	VBP	are	is
JJ pressure is a NN for NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the county town is NNP town .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for NN NNS , the article is but hours old .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
my firm belief is that every term should have its own entry ; when it is an alternative for another , more commonly used term , links within it to the lengthy text in the other article ( to avoid unnecessary NN ) are reasonable enough .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a water NN , with water which VBZ as the player VBZ ; when it is empty the player will die of NN .	10	11	VBZ	progresses	progress
the closest thing to an edit war he and i get into is he reverts my removal of the list and some of my wording changes , and i go back to replace the wording changes .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
whether an article is to be in wikipedia or not is not determined by a organized campaign to delete ( or keep ) it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the most common reason for lack of NN is a poorly defined unit cell , which must be charge neutral to avoid infinite NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
RB landing site is in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fact that al NNP won the nobel peace prize is notable .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP NNP , the subject 's head appears to rest on a wave as if it were a NN and lies in the water as if it were a bed , creating a blend of `` NN and final NN place '' .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
VBG , NN , water sports and beach activities are also popular NNS .	5	9	VBP	are	is
the ukrainian government appears to be the only reliable source VBG the term .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
parts NNS supported by various NNS exist especially in the united states .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists
the article needs a serious rewrite , from the NNS of content , grammar , and spelling , but the basis is there for a reasonable article .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
not long after he falls NN on the beach prior to going there , a dark storm appears and VBZ everyone within the dragon NNP , NNP and the forgotten NNP in a strange dimension known as the shadow realm .	16	17	VBZ	appears	appear
today the competition features eight senior clubs and seven junior clubs , competitions are run from under 7 's through to first grade .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the municipality covers an area of CD .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
as an NN of JJ condition , no JJ NN NNS occur , and thus NNP 's ratio is assumed to remain 0 .	10	11	VBP	occur	occurs
the pattern consists of narrow stripes of blue , green , JJ yellow , and red , containing very small JJ designs .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
example is the JJ NNP , a patrol plane modified for transportation of staff , mail , and operations in support of bases and installations .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
in addition , pov statement in the article that attempts to establish notability by claiming that the subject had a role in significantly raising public awareness is JJ .	4	26	VBZ	is	are
NNP article is an advertisement , and if the advertising component were removed there would be nothing JJ left behind .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the san NNP line provides limited service to riverside on weekends , along with the NNP line .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
in addition , the NNP club does an annual blood drive for the american red cross .	5	6	VBZ	does	do
the symbolic NN are JJ by school children in art classes , civic groups and NNS at activity centers , so no two NNS are identical .	13	24	VBP	are	is
reports indicate that the last service was june 25 , 2006 with the building last open to public in 2009 , to celebrated the completion of a JJ NN addition to the building .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
its other main competitor is NNP , leader of the belgian NNP market .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many rural tier roads have scenic highway preservation status ; a fall drive NNS exceptional beauty along the NNP valley 's NNP road , NNP road , NNP 's landing NNP .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the NN clubs for this stadium include NNP of NNP and NNP of NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
the term `` southwest houston '' often refers to the area that opened in the years following world war ii , when they were considered to be suburbs , such as NNP southwest , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	7	VBZ	refers	refer
this category comprises user templates related to the mexican state of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
his parents are japanese NNPS , originally from british columbia who were VBN during world war ii .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i 've tried heat , cold , olive oil and nothing seems to work .	8	11	VBZ	seems	seem
an alternative definition of the intersection number of a graph is that it is the smallest number of NNS in ( complete NN of ) that together cover all of the edges of .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
stubs include many articles where the article is clearly incomplete but still provides much useful information about the topic .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the lion becomes extinct from armenia ( NN date ) .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
some forces , including friction , air drag , and the magnetic force on a charged particle , depend on the particle 's velocity as well as its position .	1	18	VBP	depend	depends
NNP ratio VBZ NN in patients with chronic NN c virus infection .	1	2	VBZ	predicts	predict
the length of the NNS is JJ mm for males and JJ mm for females which are generally larger , darker , more RB marked and have more rounded wings .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
dave NNP did a cover of the song , a duet with steve taylor , on his 1987 album the NNP .	10	18	VBZ	album	album
dances from NNP have strong influence from JJ culture .	0	3	VBP	have	has
keep -- victoria cross NNS , like mps and peers , are notable .	4	11	VBP	are	is
one strength of an explicit JJ framework is that it allows us to make NNS about the NNS of the airlines if and when the JJ outcome breaks down , and NN and VBG these price wars in light of different equilibrium concepts .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the network designer has to ensure the JJ functionality in the design phase ( one slave is allowed to send data to the bus in one frame time ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the islands are home to an abundance of wildlife , including the largest subspecies of black bear , and also the smallest subspecies ( NNP RB NN ) and the subspecies of NN NNP NN NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the interest in the restoration of links is therefore for me more than serious .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the program is a film loop of a wood fire burning in a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after planning and sentence generation , a good writer spends time in VBG so that the ideas become NN , NN and well argued .	16	17	VBP	become	becomes
other organizations include the society for the history of NNP , reading and publishing ( sharp ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NN NNS VBP while attached to a camera body to give unique NNS and camera angles .	1	2	VBP	rotate	rotates
an example is the NNP NNS in the video game franchise NNP , which are JJ JJ machines .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most evident NN of the stroke is the NN of the back .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the very JJ thing you could do is VB that probability at b .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
source rocks are therefore broadly VBN as NN ( no NN generation ) , JJ ( limited NN generation ) , mature ( extensive NN generation ) and NN ( most NNS have been generated ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the school offers NNS to children with parents in NNP forces .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
architectural styles present include federal and greek revival .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
spanish JJ version appears RB with an english translation by james NNP .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the game employs a save system that is solely based on NNS .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
NN NNS are the fourth largest species of NN , after the african VBD NN , the NNP NN , and NNP giant NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
associate of general studies degree ( for students needing a two-year degree but not a four-year degree ) the associate of applied science degree in 11 disciplines ( a 12th discipline is pending approval ) , technical NNS in seven disciplines , and NNS of NN in 16 disciplines .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
for the record , the main page has a copyright notice at the bottom .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the game ends with the president of the united states VBG the NN for their service .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
numerous NNP families also live in NN and NNP VBP JJ NNS in NNP , part of the old city .	2	4	VBP	live	lives
russian VBN name may be provided at the top for convenience if the metro governing body provides the russian name it on its official website .	15	16	VBZ	provides	provide
also , for what its worth , your tone is really inappropriate for this or any other wikipedia talk page .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the camera features auto focus certified by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
RB , there is no NN you can use because the important differences between different languages require completely different programming structures .	12	16	VBP	require	requires
the goal of wikiproject bible is to improve the quality and quantity of information about bible available on wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ ] its location is uncertain but has been identified as possible near NNP NNP or NNP NNP in the eastern NNP NNP , david NNP ; allen c .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
neighbouring places are NNP ( municipality of NNP ) , NNP , NNP ( municipality of NNP ) , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the other names have a variety of meanings , which are set out in the list below .	2	3	VBP	have	has
crime statistics are per 1 , 000 of the population within the local authority area .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the rules define how much of the fund 's assets must be in bonds for it to be classified as `` interest earning '' .	1	2	VBP	define	defines
NNP ' JJ articles include everything from celebrity interviews , beauty , and travel to food , fashion , trends , etc .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the motivation to create games varies per individual .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary
distribution is primarily through JJ concerns such as NNP , NNP , metro , penny market , NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
an alternative receptor for NNP NN NN on JJ cells is JJ JJ ( NNP ) , which VBZ at JJ NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the saturday night fever soundtrack , featuring disco songs by the bee NNP , is one of the best selling NNS of all time .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
the next morning , after the professor is released from prison , the girls show him all the `` good '' they have done , only to discover the city being attacked by the NNS .	13	14	VBP	show	shows
the bar VBZ to continue to spread around australia and potentially internationally .	1	2	VBZ	intends	intend
the attached barn has a date of CD carved into it .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the city also has a marina along the shore of san francisco bay , named NNP point .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the product giving rise to most of the NNS in plain g is actually NNP , see [ 1 ] .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the river is considered to be JJ with no major NNS , numerous wells exist within the NN area .	13	14	VBP	exist	exists
a prose article buses in essex is entirely suitable however ( or even buses in NNP ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a good thing about this cite is its divided by grades and communities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
route 90 is a JJ city route .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
however they can also be defined from the NNP NN , which will be done in this section , and these definitions are equivalent .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the VBN NNP train operates by a different route to NNP from a separate station in the NN of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate
NNP , call and her surviving crew ( blades and NNP ) stand VBD as the prototype NN and NNP fight , noting that the super soldier is almost JJ to harm and is able to VB metal objects to VB damage .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
corporate credit unions also provide financial settlement services through the clearing of payments ( check clearing ) , NNP ( automated clearing house ) , electronic funds NNS ( NNP ) and NNP transaction services and networks .	2	4	VBP	provide	provides
the book contains two JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the class e 10 is an electric locomotive class of the deutsche NNP , introduced in 1952 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
their wonderful colors , VBG behavioral characteristics and relative NN make them very popular despite their unique demands for the home NN .	2	10	VBP	make	makes
french forces under NNP de NNP , NNP de NNP defeat the spanish under raymond of NNP , but NNP is killed in the pursuit .	1	10	VBP	defeat	defeats
certainly the individuals should have their same articles , but the list is also appropriate .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the wikipedia font size looks smaller for me today .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
the nominate race ranges across a broad band from newcastle on the new south wales coast north and west to queensland and the top end to south-western western australia .	2	3	VBZ	ranges	range
major high street banks in the uk offer a `` basic bank account '' for people with poor credit history , which does not offer an NN facility but will permit deposits and NNS , usually a cash card , and sometimes a NN card or NN book .	3	7	VBP	offer	offers
topics included at this level include most infrastructure of kelly NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
while NNP comes down firmly in the end for the reality of a holy NN , the path he takes to that NN VBZ completely the NNS and NNS VBG any explorer of the fusion of body and soul .	17	23	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
NNP figures vary in style and presentation in the article .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the road continues through RB developed land until its intersection with NNP road , where sr CD continues through a NN area , passing through mostly commercial business , with residential areas not far away .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
event description this section contains a detailed narrative .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the first NN is JJ and should be removed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the coastal areas are RB covered in sugar NN farms , while the less RB populated inland areas have several mining communities .	17	18	VBP	have	has
several artists contribute songs to the NNS , and people are encouraged to either download the songs , in which the proceeds will go to relief efforts for the NNS ; or to simply VB any amount money for the cause .	1	2	VBP	contribute	contributes
in a complete NN tree , all internal JJ nodes have a NN link to another internal node .	9	10	VBP	have	has
the name derives from the NNP family .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
article 110 of the criminal code also provides punishment for driving a person to suicide ( by NN , threats or NN ) .	0	7	VBZ	provides	provide
the very fact that these `` seeds '' are spoken of at all indicates a double influence .	2	13	VBZ	indicates	indicate
NNS use a projection to project the curved surface of the earth onto a flat surface .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
their show consists of four acts .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
wikiproject belfast since 2007 ; the posts since then are just NNS , mostly JJ .	6	9	VBP	are	is
students from the neighboring town of salem also attend east NNP high school .	0	8	VBP	attend	attends
in statements , the subject always comes first or third and the auxiliary verb comes second .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
like other elections in louisiana , parish elections typically occur in JJ years , and use the open primary system .	7	9	VBP	occur	occurs
the highest point in the county is NNP ridge NNP , which rises to 6 , CD feet ( 1 , CD m ) above sea level .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
what do i do to get , lets say , alert ( `` hello '' ) to run when a ( NNP generated ) button is VBN in all major NNS .	7	8	VBP	say	says
NN has to spend even more money connecting up his friends , and the situation quickly becomes more complicated than he expected .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
physics , chemistry and biology marks are consider and NNP is mandatory ) education ( higher secondary school ) can appear for the tests the same year .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this method is consistent with approaches that have multiple software NNS and releases and allows for making an JJ transition to a maintenance activity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the NN lands on the man 's arm , the video 's NN changes to show the normal colors of the city , also revealing the sun VBG over the city , showing of the sudden change to happiness and relief .	2	3	VBZ	lands	land
the author links its use by alternative medicine practitioners with the NN of patients away from effective treatments and the NN of public health campaigns on aids and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	links	link
light NNS with the JJ NN NNP have a NN higher risk of developing lung cancer compared to light NNS with the normal NN .	1	7	VBP	have	has
i think the referenced capacity is a rounded figure - [ 1 ] gives 30 , CD .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the novel consists of two volumes .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
JJ procedure is a NN by NNP NN of the current wikipedia guidelines involving resolution of dispute .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its uk ban generic name is NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
new NNP software update supports NN NNS and universal binary .	3	4	VBZ	supports	support
the texts of the mass as it was celebrated in norway and the other lands of the metropolitan province of NNP before the protestant reformation survives in a copy of the printed NNP of CD and in three manuscript texts , b ( c .	1	25	VBZ	survives	survive
NNS , like NN and NNS , produce NNS , VBD into NN NN .	0	7	VBP	produce	produces
sleep is a dream - and the night of separation is not a dream !	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the thought experiment VBZ this apparent NN .	2	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
sources seem to be little more than press releases .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
also , this edit is not something i like to see in any editor , let alone someone wanting to become an admin .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP later wrote of her thesis , `` this paper is a highly important contribution to this field of work ; its importance lies partly in the fact that it VBZ a correspondence between JJ and formal NNS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the hall is the host of the annual JJ NNP tour [ 1 ] northeast CD open , ( an event founded by NNP and originally hosted at his own hall ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the members of the JJ legislative assembly of NNP are elected individually ; there are no parties and the legislature is JJ .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the cause of NNP is currently not known .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
general statements by a person that he or she would not want to live in such a condition are not acceptable under the decision .	1	18	VBP	are	is
you are effectively saying that any action committed by a muslim is by definition related to islam .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
featured portal candidate discussion was started , the peer review needs to be archived .	9	10	VBZ	needs	need
an example of this is measure ( mathematics ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
most wikipedia titles are NNS ( people , places , or things ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
an increase in camp with the administration of NN in JJ smooth muscle produces NN by VBG calcium NN by the JJ NN ( a special type of smooth NNP ) and VBG the calcium available for NN .	1	13	VBZ	produces	produce
that is the model for all of the NNP games - engine is free , data files cost money .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
but this would appear to be a subject of wide interest , and it appears reasonable that if -- given all this discussion -- nothing can be produced , that it was the first , and the files itself are the rs for v .	37	39	VBP	are	is
indian NNP medicine mentions the use of sharp NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	mentions	mention
the respective numbers of NNS add the number of actual observations to them .	2	5	VBP	add	adds
as the name suggests , it can be constructed by VBG a square NN ( NNP or NNP ) by VBG an JJ NN between its NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
particularly if the second language is english , provide the second title , but also provide the main title .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
each pack has a well established hierarchy , with dominance and NN displays being common .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this article covers the massacre by NNP indians on french colonists in the colony of louisiana in CD .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the candidates include emperor NNP ( CD ) and NNP NNP ( RB `` sitting in '' for emperor NNP i ) , in recognition for his victory over the vandals .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
these regional NN NNS are more often called districts .	3	4	VBP	are	is
everyone makes mistakes , and given the volume of tagging this editor does , do n't see that an occasional slip is a big problem .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles concerning the television show the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
relations between the church and its fellow members of the JJ movement are JJ , but remained VBN with the country 's roman catholic leadership .	0	12	VBP	are	is
thus , while more RB intensive than NNP 's method , the NN method generally gives more accurate results .	13	15	VBZ	gives	give
and the actors in the the closer all appear to have had starring roles in other things .	2	8	VBP	appear	appears
VBG through the bedroom window , the NNS see tommy NN in mr .	7	8	VBP	see	sees
battery heights ' prominent architectural styles include ranch and NNP homes primarily built in brick , stone and concrete .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
i agree that the lead , though short , contains the relevant points .	4	9	VBZ	contains	contain
the school has a theater group , that presents three shows a year as part of the school curriculum .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
punk wedding is a 1988 ep from german artist nina NNP celebrating her wedding with an JJ boy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the aircraft 's span wing has an area of and is equipped with NNS and leading edge NNS .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
though most members of the family are close , they each have different ways of expressing their love .	2	6	VBP	are	is
an example is the service offered by NNP in the uk which is powered by NNP 's technology .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
first shops selling ice cream appear in north america .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
these gaming NNS are tough to deal with .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the district includes a large NN of rural and suburban territory southeast of washington , d .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
some special JJ cars ( such as the NNP NNP NNP race car POS ) are not visible in the vehicle NNS , and a few do not have corresponding NNS , and thus are JJ , for example , the formula NNP NNP ( NNP car ) .	3	15	VBP	are	is
note that there are JJ NNS for both jersey and NNP ( inactive since jan and only 1 person is a member ( the same person , NN of both ) but they do exist ) .	0	19	VBZ	is	are
louis ] ] article has an JJ revert war about the chancellor 's salary .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the decision depends upon the determination of this issue .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
for example , the legal rules governing the market determined whether news was property , or whether employers have the power to fire workers , or whether economic NN was legitimate ( e .	17	18	VBP	have	has
NN program also refers to some programs offered to enlisted members of the military while they are in service .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
today the common practice is to use a single NN for all NNS of a nation 's navy , and other NNS for NNS and ships of allied services , such as coast guards .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this is often modeled as a JJ flow parallel to the ground , so that the relative NN vector is generally JJ to the ground , and can then be viewed as a JJ quantity , positive when the vector points RB , negative when it points NNS .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
then he reverted by saying that the removal is not my right .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
good stress or positive stress VBZ from JJ encounters that are JJ .	4	5	VBZ	arises	arise
the NN given name from the same NN is NNP or NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the first link is her original expansion of the article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the club is affiliated to the cornwall county football association .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as far as i see , this style is most frequently used among .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the song features guest appearances from fellow artists NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NNS ' character also faces a JJ death within a couple of years .	2	4	VBZ	faces	face
the book covers the following topics .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
but more importantly , the whole thing is JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
once development is complete , the JJ silver NNS must be removed by fixing in sodium NN or NN NN , and then the negative or print must be VBN in clean water .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ site containing copyright violations is .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these NNS specify the academic knowledge and skills that students must achieve to complete a state standard .	1	2	VBP	specify	specifies
VBG this NN is the fact that the song ends somewhat JJ , with a NN over the last line of the chorus .	8	9	VBZ	ends	end
when the game begins , NNP is seen from above , lying in a hospital bed .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
this article is almost entirely JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of course , since they can not possibly know what the specific driving conditions are on the specific time you plan to be travelling , NNP .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the center 's mission is to `` enhance health NNS education , and to improve access for people with disabilities to health , health education and health care services .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the usual fate of any river flowing through urban india is a JJ death after being converted to an ugly NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
i suspect no one VBZ enough to fix the problems .	3	4	VBZ	cares	care
as their investigation leads them closer and closer to the NN , they find their lives are in danger and they end up nearly being sent home .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the phenomenon of NN has to be considered when using NNS in vehicles .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the sacrifice is in NN and concept .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the team plays its home games at the 24 , 000 seat NNP stadium in jacksonville , alabama .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
his brother is an indian nationalist and strongly JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the university says RB , no , he does n't get a degree from us .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
an NN is most likely to result in successful JJ delivery when a woman is close to or in the early stages of labor .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN accusations are also deeply VBG .	3	4	VBP	are	is
for instance , the very first sentence in the very first book in this search says that coal balls are found in the NNP .	6	15	VBZ	says	say
the maximum speed is for the NNS and for the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the construction industry , site managers , often referred to as construction managers , site agents or building managers , are responsible for the JJ on site running of a construction project .	13	21	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS basically are VBG our copyright principles anyway , and once the foundation receives the NN , reviews it , and takes down the NN content , there is no longer a legal threat , because the complaint is over .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
the mayor is elected at large , and serves a three-year term ; his or her powers are mostly ceremonial .	16	17	VBP	are	is
through the region passes the european route NNP , which connects budapest and zagreb with the NNP port of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	passes	pass
we should make use of our volunteers based on their NNS - some people are more suited to performing maintenance and administration tasks than to writing content .	13	14	VBP	are	is
fair use in escape from paradise NNP this image is subject to copyright , i feel its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's fine arts facilities include the JJ NNP b .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
JJ tribe is the largest tribe in the NNP and the NNP peninsula , NNP long with NNP , and NNP are the largest tribes in the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , certain poets feature in one book without featuring in the other .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
the capacity of the stands is 43 , CD spectators , all seated and VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the only towns in NNP NNP county are NNP NNP , which lies west of NNP NNP , and the border town of NNP , east of NNP NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is
input consists of NNP parameters , while output is an NNP document .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( NNP ) airport provides general aviation services .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
the service operates from the southwestern end of hong kong international airport at NNP lap NNP .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
this guy is a JJ in NN and does not compare to NNS like karl NNP , NNP parent , or NNP singer , none of which have wikipedia pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the concept fits well with the current development trend VBG JJ hospitals with JJ physician groups as partners in new specialty facilities , such as the heart center of indiana .	1	2	VBZ	fits	fit
an older form of layer cake is common in southern and eastern europe .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
another neighborhood mother , NNP , approaches NNP with a NN NN .	2	6	VBZ	approaches	approach
and then the baby VBZ out .	3	4	VBZ	pops	pop
females tend to be wider than males and more rounded .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
as each division champion gets a playoff bid , the number of wild card teams from each conference dropped from three to two .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get
the film shows how the NNP community has had to overcome being NNS for NN .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
as nominator very well knows , it is a total rewrite where issues described in previous afd are addressed .	1	4	VBZ	knows	know
the real trouble is , your audio card has a powerful NN designed to take weak digital signals and put out enough energy to drive speakers or NNS - so even very very small interference sources get VBN up to JJ levels .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
its mission is to end hunger in its community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the novel has no linear plot , and is mostly composed of an elaborate arrangement of JJ elements .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in january 2012 , the city of NNP has a population of CD CD , which makes it the third largest city in bulgaria , while the NNP municipality along with the legally affiliated adjacent villages had CD CD inhabitants .	5	8	VBZ	has	have
it is sometimes given in NN NN , although the manufacturer VBZ that it be avoided in pregnancy .	10	11	VBZ	advises	advise
people tend to think that artists are not organised , but anthony was highly organised , highly NN .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
this category includes all past and present fc NNP managers with a wikipedia article .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP portions rather extensive NNS occur .	1	5	VBP	occur	occurs
costs follow the event '' the law of costs in england and wales is typical of common law NNS , save that of the united states .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
this story matches many robin hood NNS , in which robin meets and fights a NN .	1	2	VBZ	matches	match
if the editor is indeed the subject , then care should be taken with handling of the situation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its largest towns are NNP NNP ( pop .	2	3	VBP	are	is
each page includes 100 files that need to be checked .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
picking one side as right is a violation of npov in a major way .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this book describes the english cricket season of that year .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
clouds are a very complex feedback - they can both warm and cool ( clouds at night stop energy loss via radiation , most clouds at day increase NN ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN after `` lecturer '' seems JJ , unless there 's something i 'm missing there .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem
the area is RB diverse , featuring NN forests as well as various types of NNS , fields , and meadows .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a farming social network game similar to NNP , the gameplay mainly deals with farm management such as VBG land , VBG , growing , NN , VBG and raising livestock .	4	12	VBZ	deals	deal
as the fight VBZ , NNP lands a few NNS to VB with a NN on his face , as if he is VBG the fight .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
the main purpose of NN is so that NN manufacturers can offer NN schemes that appear to be largely favorable to customers , without losing any long-term profit .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the video features the band performing the song in front of an audience of three VBG women .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
in this description NNP notices that the flowers of this species turn orange color when NN and , for some confusion regarding the origin of the species , attributes it to mexico instead of brazil .	7	11	VBP	turn	turns
to whom it may concern , my name is NNP and i am a year 11 student at NNP state high school .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
a challenge format makes sense for that purpose , and it fits the convention whereby contestants meet on the field with money or a trophy at stake .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the fossil record of NN eggs is JJ since their soft , JJ eggs VBD quickly and have little chance to VB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
standard commercial NN origin NN NNS are effective in controlling the problem when the virus VBZ match enough to have significant NN and custom ( JJ ) NNS made from the specific NNS isolated are created and used in the more difficult cases .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the most successful team is NNP NNP having won copa de la NNP 10 times .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the basic data structure for a matrix is a JJ array .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
no one has the last say , it 's a collaborative effort , and you 'll just have to learn to deal with it rather than running and VBG whenever someone says you 're wrong about something .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the municipality of NNP contains the NN ( NNS , mainly villages and NNS ) NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP NNS are available to students who choose to take 1 to 6 NNP classes but do not wish to go for the diploma .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the subject is clearly notable , but i can not improve it much without VBG the main source .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if it 's just another school doing the things schools do , probably not .	9	10	VBP	do	does
the sister group of NNP is NNP , which includes NNS and their extinct relatives .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
most servers today have power NN and the old servers use power distribution units ( NNP ) .	1	3	VBP	have	has
i really like that the conclusion so far is rational .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
in a restaurant , a customer joins the singers and claims to recognize harvey as the son of a script writer named NNP , who died JJ years earlier in an automobile accident .	5	6	VBZ	joins	join
both talk pages also start with the phrase `` that 's a lie '' .	2	4	VBP	start	starts
other genes being investigated as JJ factors or JJ targets include NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	10	VBP	include	includes
the prague tram rolling stock consists of over 900 individual cars , of those around 700 are the NNP class , which are typically operated coupled together in pairs .	4	5	VBZ	consists	consist
if the subject is too broad to be contained in the main article , then it should be RB VBN in its own section with a link to a child article ( i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP currently in the article , whether this particular interview adds more than what the article says , and whether better links might be easily found .	9	10	VBZ	adds	add
comic book '' is totally inappropriate , as it refers to the thin NNS that north american comics stories ( aside from comic strips ) were most commonly printed in in the 20th century .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the present road is JJR than the ancient one , and about 4 meters above its original level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article is quite good , overall .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this region no longer has a government administration but still exists both as a current and historical concept which merits an article here .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
links to VBG lists of JJ trivia are virtually never JJ and NN and just VB up articles with excess blue that VBZ the mind .	0	7	VBP	are	is
look at them and you will know that the NNP edits are JJ and JJ .	10	11	VBP	are	is
as the outer NN is no longer sufficiently supported by the radiation pressure , the star 's gravity VBZ its outer layers rapidly RB .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN of thermal expansion describes how the size of an object changes with a change in temperature .	1	5	VBZ	describes	describe
if anything , it is NNP who is introducing JJ terms to the article in question , while most modern sources which i quoted on the talk of the article use the modern term .	20	30	VBP	use	uses
as for NNP and NNP , if those articles ( which cover distinct topics ) contain speculation , the solution is to remove it , not use it as precedent to keep other speculation .	8	15	VBP	contain	contains
darker colors indicate larger NNS of something JJ .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
as we have seen with NNP , NNP films are capable of being cancelled just like any other film .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the group is famous for their JJ commentary on current events , often taken from the local newspaper from the day of a performance , VBN for each specific audience and delivered in sketches , songs , body humor and VB a NN singing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an ancient tree still stands at the end of the NNP lane , which is now adjacent to a main highway .	2	4	VBZ	stands	stand
if the health care NNS goes well , the possibilities of working with net to present our side of the story are virtually JJ ( NNP 's , district by district NN , etc .	9	21	VBP	are	is
policies are policies , they are not merely suggestions that can be ignored when they become NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
if it is the latter , then the danny rfa republic approach seems to be the model for the future , and that is both somewhat controversial and should probably be VBN by community policy development .	11	12	VBZ	seems	seem
medical courses are available in english , french , german and russian NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
preliminary JJ studies suggest the NNP is closely related to NNP , the two share many JJ traits .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
the primary and secondary schools are public and privately run by secular and religious groups in the city .	4	5	VBP	are	is
sometimes , all concerned parties are sure that a particular child is indeed the new incarnation of that particular master .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the largest city in the county , NNP is the principal city of the NNP NNP statistical area .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP has omitted its call for the destruction of israel from its election NN , calling instead for `` the establishment of an independent state whose capital is jerusalem , '' .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
lord commander NNP NNP ( james NNP ) offers leadership advice to jon snow ( kit NNP ) due to jon 's NN that NNP 's daughters are also his wives .	26	27	VBP	are	is
the album also features the popular single , `` NNP , '' which reached number 14 on the billboard hot 100 .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
because of the number of trees usually present in a natural cemetery , NNS occur in whatever location and orientation best fits the natural environment as opposed to the more traditional rows or other JJ arrangements in traditional NNS .	17	21	VBZ	fits	fit
another characteristic for which i think he will be famous is the singular NN of his NNS , the singular NN of his career .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the bell tower features a JJ window of its own , with four smaller NN windows on its JJ NN separated from the lower level by a wooden NN .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the grounds remain mostly JJ since the house was moved from its original site in 1894 and VBD a year later .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
common seals include NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a single NN from each platforms leads to a landing that contains a JJ NN before reaching the street NNS .	2	6	VBZ	leads	lead
the nearest large towns are NNP , NNP and hamburg .	3	4	VBP	are	is
major award winners , deaths of significant actors are probably fine .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the future of the NNP mine remains uncertain , as all mines in the NNP area continue to be abandoned .	1	6	VBZ	remains	remain
nothing shows that this guy is notable , seems to be an article him or one of his friends made to praise him .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it is essential to remember that the sets in l ( a ) or l [ a ] are usually not actually JJ and that the properties of these models may be quite different from the properties of l itself .	7	18	VBP	are	is
it seems that we can get a lot of the arguing out of the way if we first reach a consensus on whether or not the action is a problem .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
today , a majority of the tribe 's income comes from gaming , especially from the NNP queen casino .	3	9	VBZ	comes	come
christianity and most religions simply offer hope .	3	5	VBP	offer	offers
the exact NNS of the small hamburg group led by hugo NNP and hans NNP , who planned the uprising , remain unknown .	2	21	VBP	remain	remains
the ore reserves around this area are home to major business houses of NN like NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP etc .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the town is in the north east NNP parliamentary constituency , with the incumbent mp being the conservative stephen NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the story VBZ , `` because they raised a crop of spring NNS , the people in old NNP NNP 's village got deeper into debt .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
the NNP NNP archaeological zone takes its name from the nearby village of NNP and the local organ pipe NN .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
a veteran coach at the high school , college , and professional levels , he is currently the wide NNS coach at the university of hawaii at NNP .	19	20	VBP	coach	coaches
other NNS like NNP or NNP generally save state to VBN and reserved machine NNS .	1	7	VBP	save	saves
his compositions include NNP , NNP , NNP to the king of kings and open your eyes , see the glory of the king , both of which are included in many modern NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
other species , such as NNS , persian NNP , and NNS reside in the reserve .	1	12	VBP	reside	resides
JJ acids appear to be of particular importance in NN cancer .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the situation here is that NNP has two advocates that feed his NN behavior .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
delete - software article lacks 3rd party reliable sources to establish notability ; created by an spa as possibly promotional .	3	4	VBZ	lacks	lack
the method of turning on NNP genes in heart muscle cells is a new method being VBD that , so far , has shown promise for being effective .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
expected floor count is 47 floors , with five extra floors for parking .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
red running shoes serve to temporarily power up crash 's kick attack and cause him to move faster , while the `` NNP damage '' NN can be used by crash to temporarily VB his attack power by four .	2	3	VBP	serve	serves
like other acid NNS , current NNS use either an NN salt ( often VBP ) or one of many NNS of the parent compound .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
the NN then attempts to find a type named system .	1	3	VBZ	attempts	attempt
his family is from a traditional agricultural community of punjab , india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ acid is one of the 4 main organic acids produced by the liver .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of course i know that lots of external links are to JJ and unreliable sources .	5	9	VBP	are	is
comment if someone RB thinks an rfc would do anything , by all means open one .	0	4	VBZ	thinks	think
NNP NNP protein 8 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
so far , at adolf hitler , the lines of defense seem to be holding ( see also the article 's talk page ) .	8	11	VBP	seem	seems
the industry in south africa is in its NN , with production volumes being very low , even compared to its continental peers where egypt and nigeria lead the pack .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this category contains all breeds of dog originating in portugal .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this NN , underground station has an island platform and six NNS .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
geographic features near the great basin include the continental divide of the americas , the great divide basin , and the gulf of california .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
these three buildings are open every first saturday from 9 to 12 pm .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this entire area has almost the same traditions , customs and culture .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
his successor - the JJ billy joe NNP - seems to be working out well for boss and NNP , since he gets the best of bo and luke .	1	9	VBZ	seems	seem
that part of the article is unsourced .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , NNP NNS are not socially JJ since the NNS VBP in the low NNS predominantly benefit the JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this dive plan should be within the limits of the NN tables to increase the margin of safety , and to provide a backup NN schedule based on the dive tables in case the computer fails underwater .	34	35	VBZ	fails	fail
three fire stations , station 18 east end , station 20 NNP park , and station 23 NNP are in fire district 20 .	2	18	VBP	are	is
egyptian style needs a link here or earlier when egyptian is mentioned .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
a JJ approach to the recognition of the JJ signals of NNS preparation process when structural changes and NNS occur in the earth NN was proposed .	16	19	VBP	occur	occurs
if the computer wins in the NN game , that is game over although the game can be VBN from the same court .	2	3	VBZ	wins	win
this case , however , is about VBG .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the object of the spread offense is to open up multiple vertical NNS for both the running and passing game to VB , as the defense is forced to spread itself thin across the field ( a `` horizontal stretch '' ) to cover everyone .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the following passage addresses the signs of god 's NN over nature .	2	3	VBZ	addresses	address
the character NNP is an JJ professional big game hunter and occasional NN in southern africa , who supports colonial efforts to spread civilization in the dark continent , though he also VBZ native NNPS having a say in their affairs .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
just above the NNP NN on the first floor in the college campus , the NNP coffee house is the most visited place in the college .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
as far as the article is concerned , the emphasis that you put on the partial funding is an unfair presentation of anderson systematic review .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at the beginning of the operating day , the enabled attraction 's wait is NN at a given time ( for example , 45 minutes ) .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the song of this bird is a bright NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
trees of special significance include oak ( NNS ) , NN ( NN ) , JJ ( NN ) , and NN ( NN ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
formula one drivers and team owners merge .	2	6	VBP	merge	merges
RB RB , i can understand why the account of the massacre raises your NNS so RB much .	8	12	VBZ	raises	raise
the company 's largest owners are NNP and NNP NNP through first NNP , VBG 61 .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , his companion , agrees and VBZ this NN by stating that these natives are worse than all others in the sense that they do not VB christianity .	15	16	VBP	are	is
SYM - if the food is guess incorrectly , the NNS would have to eat with NNS for their evening meal .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i am closing this mediation - my understanding is that the NN , NNP , does not intend to participate , which leaves me without a dispute to VB .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the oldest university is the university of NNP which was established by the swedish king gustav ii adolf in CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these rates VBP articles that were deleted prior to late september 2007 .	1	2	VBP	exclude	excludes
also , it has been shown that intelligence and gender has a role in the ability of accurate memory recall .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
general topics discussed in the work include family , alcohol abuse , relationships , NN , sex and gender , and personality .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
this passage is the centre of much controversy in the debate over the JJ NN of mary .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its commercial parts consist of a couple of JJ streets linked under the tracks by a long tunnel which , being JJ , has to be walked through by faith at night .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
because of the program 's cost , the fact that the NN is neither considered a sport nor food fish , and the conflicts with JJ NN such as bass , recovery efforts are controversial .	32	33	VBP	are	is
most NNS prefer to do an open turn , simply driving the feet into the wall .	1	2	VBP	prefer	prefers
NN wins are worth 2 points , while NN losses are worth 1 point .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the village hosts a legal aid clinic and as of 2003 had an JJ NN , although the latter was not much used because most of the NN did not believe in that form of medicine .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
whether the band is actually sufficiently notable on the uk music scene will require input from our uk editors .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some NNS have a template which will fill out the description field for you .	1	2	VBP	have	has
however , if the JJ time hypothesis fails , it would have no NN for the p versus NNP problem .	6	7	VBZ	fails	fail
the finite strip method is a technique of structural analysis used for bridge and tall structure design as well and in the design of construction components such as steel NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it is JJ to the NN from NNP but its head is different in that the head is almost JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
her emotional NNS and downs are large , and she ignore even her closed friends while she is in bad mood .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the stated aim of the project is to create a `` new NN of knowledge '' based on the contributions of `` NNS '' , defined as `` educated , thinking people who read about science or ideas regularly '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these layers occur on a 23 , 000 year cycle that VBZ the maximum in NN NN by roughly CD to CD years .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
at the NNS , the NNS conduct training sessions for the members of their respective councils , facilitate discussions about topics of concern regarding the fraternity , and chair business sessions for the purpose of VBG formal NNS VBG actions to the NNP .	5	6	VBP	conduct	conducts
the two tools are symbols of the NN and the industrial NN respectively ; placing them together VBZ the unity between agricultural and industrial workers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
males VBP the extra energy on flight , while females use their food resources to achieve longer NNS .	9	10	VBP	use	uses
membership is open to any citizen or resident of the usa as well as interested persons in other countries .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the entire second paragraph needs citations .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
the yellow fever virus NN , a JJ strain called CD , is probably the JJS and most effective NN ever generated .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the article as it currently stands is nothing more than a JJ entry .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
second battle of NNP information on this article is detailed , providing information on almost every single minor wave of enemy the player faces .	22	23	VBZ	faces	face
both parts have the same objectives but are typically addressed by separate management systems .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the school has an indoor swimming pool , gymnasium and a smaller fitness suite .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
child of all nations is the second book in NNP NNP NNP 's epic quartet called NNP quartet , first published by NNP NNP in 1980 .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
i 've never understood why some feel that their particular interests are so special that they get get bypass the rules that others follow .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP is essential to life ( it is involved in many NNS ) , but the NNS that people have are not JJ , even if they increase the risk of NN .	16	20	VBP	are	is
and even if there really is no natural law , you 're not proving that NNS exist , only that a new theory needs to be invented .	15	16	VBP	exist	exists
voters are also subject to stating support for candidates that are well-known and JJ , although they may not have the enthusiasm and commitment to the candidate necessary to generate a vote .	0	1	VBP	are	is
if NNP is the only concern , then a deletion nomination is not appropriate .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
to more accurately VB the dimensions ( length , width and depth ) of a NN feature , extensive testing is performed before the tool enters an operational pipeline .	24	25	VBZ	enters	enter
department libraries and college libraries complete the information service to students .	1	5	VBP	complete	completes
JJ american economist roger garrison accepts that `` expectations are not rational in the strong sense of that term '' , but claims that they become more rational `` with increased levels of policy NN and with JJ experience with the consequences of it .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the examination of the political factor helps us arrive at a knowledge of certain NNS which VBP in the field of social NN and anthropology .	1	6	VBZ	helps	help
the very act of opening at ani thread on someone is never a neutral act .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
useful if the template is about to be deleted , or if many of the NNS are in the wrong places .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these trends are mostly responsible for the emergence of dog NNS around the country .	1	2	VBP	are	is
RB , the municipality is best known for the NN NN paper which is produced by the NNP of the san NNP community .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i have no clue where the second section of the quote comes from so i will not comment on it .	7	11	VBZ	comes	come
this development program is JJ , so you can download and use it absolutely free .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one question raised by this approach is whether a NN can VB assets in switzerland or NNP without having to bring a claim in the JJ jurisdiction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
i question whether the value tony adds to the encyclopedia is worth the price the community pays by allowing him to edit here .	4	6	VBZ	adds	add
the choice , and our people 's fate , is NNS .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
having described how the NNP and joshua have carried out the first of their god 's commands , the story now turns to the second , to `` put the people in possession of the land .	19	21	VBZ	turns	turn
delete - no indication this club meets notability guidelines , no indication it has been the subject of independent coverage .	5	6	VBZ	meets	meet
because the same product is continually being produced , customers always receive their NN fresh from the NN without waiting .	9	11	VBP	receive	receives
now please point out where them wikipedia errors are so i can throw around some s - though i really hope you can add them yourself , because it saves both my and your time and energy .	7	8	VBP	are	is
juice magazine run in los angeles seeks to update the wikipedia page for juice magazine that was previously dedicated to a small magazine this is currently out of publication .	2	6	VBZ	seeks	seek
the first criticism relates to the system itself .	2	3	VBZ	relates	relate
the NNP theory suggests that the fed equilibrium was only JJ after 1982 , the year in which the united states securities and exchange commission allowed NN NNS of shares .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
all opinions need to be attributed to the scholars , rather than stated as this is the correct opinion .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
affected animals throw NN to the wind , but your NN VBD as JJ as ever .	1	2	VBP	throw	throws
legal issues include violating the privacy of the target and the sovereignty of its host nation .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
laboratory courses usually have one internal exam followed by the final exam .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the administrative district ( JJ NN ) of the same name consists of municipal districts prague 13 and NNP .	2	11	VBZ	consists	consist
the NNP interview is better coverage but is still not enough to claim notability .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP is an action method , often used as a NN , in which clients use JJ NN , role playing and dramatic NN to investigate and gain insight into their lives .	14	15	VBP	use	uses
despite being VBN , NNP 's army VBZ victorious and wins the day .	6	7	VBZ	emerges	emerge
conflict with other NNS is a major theme shown throughout the album .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
his hands are massive enough to close around the entire head of many of his opponents .	1	2	VBP	are	is
google hits are NNS and the corresponding article in fr .	1	2	VBP	are	is
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are JJ and JJ , whereas its two products are NNP and NN .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the NN , whether by one or more aircraft or vessels , usually has a specific mission .	1	13	VBZ	has	have
the NN area is mainly large private lands with NN cultivation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP may interact with other drugs that a patient is taking , so the usual medical and pharmaceutical NNS against JJ interactions or NNP remain JJ .	20	26	VBP	remain	remains
howard NNP ( `` collective action is not NNP '' ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
friction NNS for ice NNS are around or below 0 .	1	5	VBP	are	is
maybe millions of years from now humans will have evolved into something that has NNS and wings , if those things turn out to be important .	20	21	VBP	turn	turns
the article on NNP code indicates the us system began in 1943 but using 2 JJ postal zones .	1	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
americans elect 's founder and chairman is NN peter NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP mill NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
web , and does not help that the member section of the article is down right VBG NN .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the iso JJ JJ country code for gibraltar is NNP .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
southern and northern NNPS period , NNP people get surname li ( NNP ) .	7	8	VBP	get	gets
NNS are ideas viewed as life forms .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the area also contains original detached house residence from old NNP and agriculture .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
an electronic control unit ( NNP ) talks to each NN and creates an internal map of each NN position , and scales the video input across the whole display .	3	7	VBZ	talks	talk
also , with the rear wheel drive vehicle category and the rear wheel drive article itself , this article is basically redundant .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
if all sides keep their cool , nobody gets blocked .	2	3	VBP	keep	keeps
my rationale is that it is poetry , and many users , including senior editors , have such in userspace .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
provide some that say the marie NNP book is unreliable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
children 's candy shops sometimes carry NN NN , or VBD , NNS VBD NN .	3	5	VBP	carry	carries
you can say `` NN '' sounds better than `` NN '' , however here it does not matter , so-called NNP equations are just some kind of the NNP equations , whatever general or special .	22	23	VBP	are	is
this method of translation uses various types of computer software to generate translations from a source language to a target language without the assistance of a human .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
merge per NNP NNP ; the mice are ( apparently ) identical , except that the NNP is smaller and is for NN use .	6	7	VBP	are	is
what VBZ me is that i have never seen a root meaning `` sixty '' or `` a JJ part '' here , even though it is in terms of such that a minute is best described .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
some JJ kings are known to have been killed by their households or in open warfare against rivals , but overall the record is very JJ .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are atp and NN , whereas its two products are NNP and NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is
near the coast , the NNS are JJR than but they rapidly increase NNS up to a few kilometers , VBG into a massive platform which is RB similar to that of the NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
when gold suggests that regina may need to give up henry to keep the curse in full strength , she VBZ that she simply needs to get rid of emma .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
a NN bid that VBZ CD indicates a control while VBG a strong hand ( in case partner is strong ) .	2	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate
delete there is some precedent ( including afds referenced in that one ) that tours are not notable RB this one does not appear to be any different .	14	15	VBP	are	is
its call or NN rather resembles the sound `` NN , NN '' .	1	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble
rationale for fair use for the lady i VBP this image is subject to copyright laws i ( JJ NN ) feel and assert that it is covered by the u .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
we have never held that the constitutional standard for VBG claims of JJ racial discrimination is identical to the standards applicable under title vii , and we decline to do so today .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN ( also not a doctrine , and so not JJ to oppose ) is not the same thing as a JJ rule of NN , which is what the question asks about .	31	32	VBZ	asks	ask
the song is one of the two only NNP NNS from the JJ NNP series , originally appearing in NNP CD and composed by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
failure to have an NN routine causes the program to be terminated with an NNP error .	0	6	VBZ	causes	cause
michelle jordan ( destiny NNP ) is a young JJ JJ girl whose mother , NNP jordan ( NNP NNP ) , goes after man after man , VBG her child who has never met her father .	13	22	VBZ	goes	go
after all , what it says to people who write NN content is that what they write might well be edited .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the seeds are small and reproduction from seed is fairly good , only if suitable NN conditions are available .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the NNP turns out to be the ship 's emergency medical programme , which is VBG for the injured humans ; the black spots are tissue samples used as references .	23	24	VBP	are	is
if the list VBZ 5 NNS because of a tie in points , all of the tied NNS are shown .	2	3	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
the new NNP 's southern boundary closely follows the county lines between NNP county and ottawa county and kent county and NNP county .	5	7	VBZ	follows	follow
her JJ book meetings with writers , published in 1929 , tells of her NNS with NNP and others .	2	11	VBZ	tells	tell
the history section is too short , while legends and JJ theories are given more importance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at the opening of the following essay , the mistake of calling joseph ii the emperor franz joseph is so JJ that i have let it stand in the text in the hope that the public NN will make me more careful in the future .	9	18	VBZ	is	are
these signals are much more important to NN than the color sub carriers are .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the use of flexible thin film NN modules provides fluid integration with steel VBG NNS that VBZ the building 's design .	1	8	VBZ	provides	provide
the only reason people fled greece is because of the side they took during the civil war .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it demonstrates that a good scene graph implementation depends heavily on the application in which it is used .	7	8	VBZ	depends	depend
the NNS of the NNP , these are artificial NNS created by NNS , which are NNS that contain NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
a selective JJ revisions approach is much more JJ and would be JJ .	3	4	VBP	approach	approaches
installation works involve either an environment , several distinct pieces of video presented separately , or any combination of video with traditional media such as sculpture .	0	1	VBZ	works	work
these JJ NNS drive social system change and continuity .	2	3	VBP	drive	drives
the sky above NNP is RB dark , filled with beautiful NNS of silver stars bright enough to VB the base of the mountain .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the functional parts of the tool are usually diamond segments .	2	6	VBP	are	is
at least a dozen volunteer and staff developers and JJ NNS are making their way to european conference NNP this weekend , records show .	22	23	VBP	show	shows
in mathematics the NN angle of a point in JJ coordinates or JJ coordinates is the NN angle between the positive NN and the projection of the vector onto the NN .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
and the article is only a few days old .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today a member of the NNP plaza chain owned by the NNP hotels group , the grade ii listed art NNS hotel building has an unusual history .	2	23	VBZ	has	have
the NN gas of a jet engine contains NNS .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
mountain NNS also use the trails .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
the reason is that it is a non-notable song .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP affiliate there was NNP ( channel 52 ) , and the NNP affiliate for rapid city is NNP ( channel 21 .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
this section of the conservatory garden has two dramatic seasons of JJ display , of NNS in the spring and korean NNS in the fall .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
my objection was that RB or technical articles never make it to the front page unless they are brand new .	7	9	VBP	make	makes
NN 's organizational structure closely resembles that of many states .	3	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble
for NN , if you were trying to list `` egg dishes '' as a category , you would also get things which are not egg dishes , but only contain small amounts of egg as part of the NN .	21	30	VBP	contain	contains
the bonus track `` NNP '' is an instrumental version of a song by NNP one , a band which featured founding JJ dawn members NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and tom NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
another way to VB an essential NN is that the NNP series of f at the point a has RB many negative degree terms ( i .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the tunnel 's north entrance is at NNP in the valley of bad NNP in the state of NNP , the south entrance near NNP in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the term NNP appears in accounts by NNP NNP , the JJ language is one of the NNP ( a .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the front NN VBZ a missile NN .	2	3	VBZ	hides	hide
keep and clean up - the article is notable enough for wikipedia imo , although it needs a serious cleanup .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the album features 13 songs ; gordon wrote the title song and the lyrics of eight other songs .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
an example might be a situation where a and b are VBG whether the law permits a to do something .	14	15	VBZ	permits	permit
these results suggested that this NN is activated by acute NN use and possibly means that the NNS it VBZ fire rapidly during acute NN exposure , yet are not affected by long-term use .	17	28	VBP	are	is
routes 4 and CD proceed RB on NNP street , turning onto massachusetts avenue and meeting route CD in east lexington , briefly sharing NN with it .	0	4	VBP	proceed	proceeds
the mine has coal reserves VBG to CD million NNS of VBG coal , one of the largest coal reserves in asia and the world .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
an example of JJ NN application is JJ application for corn .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
set in the NNP usa , the story is in the form of a diary written from the JJ perspective of JJ ann burden , who has survived a nuclear war and nerve gas through living in a small valley with a JJ weather system .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
make sure your son reads the following pages before writing the page .	3	4	VBZ	reads	read
NNS of peace gaming NNS argue that when `` civilian '' factors which exist in the real world , such as the economy , manufacturing , and trade are brought into play , the simulation becomes not only more realistic but also VBZ to be a JJ game .	34	35	VBZ	becomes	become
the flower auction at NNP is the largest flower market in the world .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
may 1854 in the magazine NNP des NNS .	4	6	VBZ	des	de
private operators operate most JJ , and most NNS have a taxi stand from which NN can be ordered or picked up .	8	9	VBP	have	has
in total the compilation includes 88 songs by 51 different artists .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
JJ station is near the attractions such as NNP and the harbor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the patrol division also has two d .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
their collection includes NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the extensive NNS road and trail system is available for hiking , mountain NN , horse riding .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
while JJ transactions are most commonly conducted in the context of consumer goods obtained at a retail store , this type of transaction also describes a specialized real estate agreement .	2	3	VBP	are	is
they think hope is JJ and that , in sitting down to JJ NN , they are merely facing facts .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category requires frequent maintenance to avoid becoming too large .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
seeking to become more powerful , the gods are looking for the other fragments , but the heroes learn that if all the fragments of the NNP are brought together and the statue of NNP is VBN , a terrible NN will destroy all worlds .	17	18	VBP	learn	learns
route 47 turns northwest as this intersection and runs through VBN areas with some NNS , with route 55 VBG the route at a NN interchange a short distance later .	0	2	VBZ	turns	turn
the team 's third jersey is in the club 's official colours .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the other characters regard the verse as fairly NN and JJ , so while part of NNP may have agreed with this song , it is not necessarily representative of NNP 's personality as a whole .	2	3	VBP	regard	regards
a cottage on NNP uses NN technique , opening with joe 's flight from prison before going back to reveal the core events which led to him being there .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
the main road in NNP , the highway runs from the southeastern to northeastern portion of town , just east of the NNP NNP .	7	8	VBZ	runs	run
this license applies exclusively to the photographer 's rights and does not VB any right to reproduction of the JJ glass .	1	2	VBZ	applies	apply
NNP populations are often highly variable in appearance , but they are each JJ RB and have a certain genetic integrity .	1	2	VBP	are	is
how a municipality refers to itself has been said to be a decision that is up to the community .	2	3	VBZ	refers	refer
symptoms are JJ and may be subtle , and someone with elevated lead levels may have no symptoms .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this map is as notable , and was VBN by NNP , as the second map .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that is , the marginal NN to VB ( NN ) is less than one , so that each round some extra income goes into saving , VBG out of the JJ process .	22	23	VBZ	goes	go
the game continues as normal after four category tiles are picked again .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the park comprises beautiful flower and tree , jungle area , water park , rock garden , VBG area and 69 metres high fountain .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
in classical latin the way i learned it in school , the accent is always on either the second or third NN from the end of the word ( which one , if there are more than two NNS , depends on the specific sounds ) .	30	40	VBZ	depends	depend
it is encyclopedic to have a list of what colleges and universities have these organizations , because that is what the organization is all about .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
similarly , an antenna which is longer than its JJ length has JJ NN , and can be RB shortened by adding a loading NN .	3	11	VBZ	has	have
private high schools include NNP memorial high school , NNP christian high school , and NNP NNP academy .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
well , but bucharest is also a RB city , its not only history , monuments and JJ NN , and first and foremost this article is for NNS and should try to present all the aspects of life in bucharest .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
delete only potentially useful information is reference to sitcom still standing - google fails to turn up information regarding this reference .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
while NNP civilization is currently similar to that of medieval europe , they once possessed many JJ technologies that appear in NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
recent research shows that the ski protein in JJ cells acts as a NN , VBG VBG growth factor NNP ( NNP NNP ) NN .	6	10	VBZ	acts	act
as the game ends , NNP NNS at the player and admits to having made `` a few NNS '' .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
university athletics , and i think such a separate article would be justified WRB the school is important enough .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
its name is an NN for south australia northern territory oil search .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the northern part of the district encompasses a portion of the NNP NNP lake and there is one settlement on the edge of the lake at NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
the group uses JJ NN in its music ; their act includes songs about NNP bin NNP , the transportation of live animal stock and what they describe as contemporary australian `` folk heroes '' such as NNP read , NNP NNP and convicted serial killer ivan NNP .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
a typical NN of friction used on a friction disc surface is 0 .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the title given to this article is incorrect due to technical limitations .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the museum also contains displays of a steam locomotive and NNS from older trains that were once used by the NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the red globe table grape is a variety of very large , VBD red NNS with firm flesh used mainly as a table grape .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
also since this issue seems to have been resolved anyway , it seems a JJ remedy .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP is then free to sell it to bo but that transaction fails .	11	12	VBZ	fails	fail
the town is also an important ferry port , being NNP NNP 's JJS terminal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for NNP , NNP and russell , collections ( classes ) are NNS of `` things '' specified by proper names , that come about as the result of NNS ( NNS about something that VBZ a fact about that thing or things ) .	9	11	VBP	are	is
other applications of JJ logic include design of JJ logic NNP ( NNP ) with input NNS , NN of finite state machines , testing , and verification .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the formula VBZ all of his JJ functions and prevents the NN of JJ NNS in his muscles , giving him VB far in excess of an ordinary human being .	1	2	VBZ	enhances	enhance
hiv NNS ( other types are NNP 's NN and JJ NNS ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as noted above , the function and purpose of the NN remains uncertain .	5	11	VBZ	remains	remain
in the united states , a public health emergency declaration releases resources meant to handle an actual or potential public health crisis .	11	12	VBP	meant	meant
the london bus route articles are good articles , but they have no place on wikipedia .	4	5	VBP	are	is
if an honor appears from east on the first round , run the 9 and if it loses VBZ the ten .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
both tracks are live versions recorded at le rose NNP NNP , paris , france on 3 december 1981 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the compound occurs in the shell ( `` test '' ) and NNS of the sea VBZ NNP NN and NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
this park is next to the municipal theatre of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he also supported NN , a controversial issue , since it was viewed at the time that the planets and the sun VBD around the earth , not the other way round has he argued .	31	32	VBZ	has	have
having such a desk would help the JJ articles become more comprehensive , since people drawn to the desk for both questions and answers would want NN in the articles .	8	9	VBP	become	becomes
a photograph taken after their victory in the hampshire junior cup in march 1888 shows the NNS worn from either shoulder in a rather JJ fashion .	1	14	VBZ	shows	show
the use of JJ or glass , as well as smooth plastic materials , is common in NNS for their ease of cleaning .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the band is from NNP and have a sound of rock , blues , jazz and club .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other JJ templates include , , , and .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
items in the museum 's collection include the following .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
when you leave the painting alone , the human figure reaches its NN point , to the JJS representation of the human being , like the paintings of NNP .	9	10	VBZ	reaches	reach
the JJ staff puts the show on the field .	2	3	VBZ	puts	put
the article still needs NN but no longer seems to lack notability .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
his guitarist , NNP NNP , is the most successful lead guitarist in india , and his NN , NNP NNP , turned out to be the JJS music NN in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the second way is to study the influence of NNS for the thermal control system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
well , the impact at the moment is only in the news .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
its website has an NNP ranking of 5 , CD , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the village has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
they believe this process is as yet incomplete ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
advance is an unincorporated community located in the town of green valley , NNP county , wisconsin , united states .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
a JJ figure at which ( for objects of dimension greater than four ) NN figures meet .	15	16	VBP	meet	meets
after numerous delays , troy NNP shot a sequel , entitled all saints day , in which the brothers return to continue their run of NN .	18	19	VBP	return	returns
my heart belongs to you , my blood to the emperor , my life to honor ) .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
the church regularly holds concerts , events and open days .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the surface portion includes a public plaza named in honor of les NNP , a former member of the u .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
NN season is first season of JJ part of korean national youth football league .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the many different terms for NNS and NNS used in NNP NNP can be confusing , especially because the english language is poor in short equivalent terms that express the same NNS .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
on certain dates related to them NNS are held and thousands of villagers pay their NN to that deity .	10	13	VBP	pay	pays
yes , his citizenship is american , but his nationality is jewish .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this page gives information about the certification and the topic is such that not every one can afford to speak about the work they are doing .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a passage at the other end leads to the `` NN '' ( i ) , a portion of the JJ buildings always planned with extreme care .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead
the novel relates the story of NNP , a woman who could have done anything , but married jay , became a NN , and in her NNS realized she wanted something more .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
although laws exist that NN this practice in the NNS , these laws are not respected or enforced by the local authorities .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
he concluded that reich 's control measures to prevent infection from airborne bacteria were not as JJ as reich believed .	5	6	VBZ	measures	measure
co , sponsors of much of the unofficial NN gathering in iraq under ottoman jurisdiction , in 1880 , and consequently its find spot is uncertain .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
you also have to consider that characters in other tv shows such as the NNP still have their own articles , such as ryan NNP , NNP cooper , etc .	6	16	VBP	have	has
it has been said that the passion of NNP 's NNS is an ethical one , and that they are VBN not by JJ NN but by the moral ideals of humanity .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the stories all take place in the fictional city of NNP , massachusetts , spanning a time period from 1873 to the present day .	1	3	VBP	take	takes
some words comprising numerical NNS are hybrid words .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this study supports the two following ideas .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
used by spirits , NNS are JJ spells that allow one to accurately detect the strength and location of surrounding magical forces , usually small and marble VBN , JJ in shape , and have an array of colours to indicate the magnitude of the magic detected .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this whole area needs to be VBN by a select group of wiki admins in private initially .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
the move marks a continued warming of diplomatic ties since the two countries VBN links in 1983 , when north korean NNS attempted to VB south korean president NNP NNP in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
later in their new home together she takes in VBG to help support them when her new husband has little income .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
this measurement includes the legs fully extended front and rear , and the actual length of the body alone is considerably shorter .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
the capital and largest city of NNP is the port al NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN VBG system consists of three groups of NNS in the brain JJ NN nucleus , NN NN and NN nucleus .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
however , these affairs are to be kept secret , and NNS such as NNS have to be avoided by all means .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NNP translation suggests a highest point at col de la NNP , CD feet , which in 1911 was a JJ path .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
players who have previously played for NNP include NNP henry , NNP ben NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
i started fixing the last 100 edits with NNP to check if the problem goes before 2010 .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
advanced placement courses offered by the school include NNP ab , statistics , biology , us history , english language and composition , english literature and composition , and world history , among others .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
the point of reporting false NNS is to ( a ) enable an edit to be made ( if prevented ) , and ( b ) help make the NNS better .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the runner does so at his or her own risk .	1	2	VBZ	does	do
when none of the NNS are in play any more , the game ends .	12	13	VBZ	ends	end
NNP produced fuel produces 1 , 500 times more energy than is used in the NN process .	2	3	VBZ	produces	produce
as the ratio increases to VB the present value of the limit of coverage , NN NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	increases	increase
arabic word form is the JJ form while the latter arabic form is the JJ form .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
in the cases where a new motorway acts as a bypass of a state highway route , the original state highway is either stripped of that status or VBN .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
other than `` believe me , if all those NNP young NNP '' , the tune is perhaps best known as the melody to `` fair harvard '' , the alma NN of harvard university .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
years ) and those projects already have low member participation .	4	6	VBP	have	has
the work group has 55 NN articles .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in the opinion of the platinum NNP producers , if a film is not initially conceived as JJ then it should not be converted to JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the bank has its offices in the NNP j .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
likely all the images from the NNP article are non-free .	3	8	VBP	are	is
fair use in NNP VBD NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the most famous singers come from lebanon in specific , NNP , NNP al NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	come	comes
his main influences as a jazz pianist include art NNP , hank jones , oscar peterson , and NNP silver .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
this institution has a history going back to the 1920s , when it pioneered journalism and the printing industry in malta .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the oldest building in the street is NNP 's mansion which was designed by ernst NNP and built between CD and CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
much of the rest of the church is in the decorated and NNP styles , and the south NN is georgian .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
your mention of not being `` included in the library and archives canada '' is a NN point .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
natural springs are abundant within this area and provide free flowing water .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , she personally felt children `` do n't mind if the plot is JJ [ because ] their experience does n't include many plots .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this article title is JJ , as well ( the article is a list and about talk show host behavior , not about reactions ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and this is different in that the subject exists more in fiction than in reality .	7	8	VBZ	exists	exist
families also have concepts of themselves as a family unit .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the NN or jacket on NNS is often JJ to indicate the type of fiber used .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
delete all sources shown to date are JJ by his employer , his church or the company running a competition he entered in with very little success .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the NN wings are tiny NNS , golden and with thin NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as well as this , the club runs junior sides at under 11 , under 13 and under 15 level , which each compete in the local canterbury district league and cup competitions .	6	7	VBZ	runs	run
the description of the clothing of the hebrew high priest in the book of NNP VBZ the NNP and NNP as being put into the sacred NN , worn by the high priest over the NNP .	1	15	VBZ	portrays	portray
while i have no doubts that the above reported socks are the same person , i now have doubts on bassist NNP despite the NNP evidence .	9	10	VBP	are	is
while south of the NNP NNP the NNP wind farms operate almost in NN .	9	10	VBP	operate	operates
other studies suggest that street children are more mentally stable than the public NNS and media VBZ them to be .	5	6	VBP	are	is
bus service is no longer provided to NNP park .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete the article is a NN for a not notable book .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
competitions are the reasons behind NNS and fights .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NNS and NNS in my local town centre do that regularly .	1	9	VBP	do	does
a pump in a fish tank serves to VB oxygen into the water , for example .	1	6	VBZ	serves	serve
if the game reaches a point where neither player can play from his stock NN , both players once again say `` NN '' simultaneously and each player turns his top NN card face up , placing it on one of the NN NNS .	27	28	VBZ	turns	turn
further uses of tobacco are in plant NN and as NNS , and chemical components of tobacco are used in some NNS and NNS .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the claim that NNP brought the first NNP NNS to california is a subject of controversy .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
it was also concluded that this may show that NN size overall affects sexual NN since women chose between the two options they were given .	10	12	VBZ	affects	affect
NN opportunities exist both from the summit of the CD m NNP NNP and the CD m dome des NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
numerous other residential projects are also under construction in this neighborhood .	3	4	VBP	are	is
journal articles are not presumed notable , and this article makes no assertion otherwise .	9	10	VBZ	makes	make
from the NN of time , the smallest unit of a video is the frame ( the finest time NN ) .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the story begins with a NN of a NN between several locals over an irrigation NN filled by water from the mountains .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP 's interest in detail is evident in his innovative JJ devices using simple JJ shapes such as the circular arrangement of the angels in the assumption of the virgin .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
i think i would be correct to say that the aim here is to VB disruption to the featured content production process , while trying to maintain ( even increase ) the input of good and excellent reviews ( without NNS of drama ) .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
the clock also exhibits a JJ calendar that is changed daily .	1	3	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
the flood plains between NNP and NNP are important for nature conservation .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the event is one of the most popular NN events in australia , with sometimes over 110 , 000 people , some dressed in traditional formal NN wear and others in all manner of exotic and JJ costumes , attending the race .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these trucks have an JJ NN VBG due to NN motor NN ; the outer two NNS on each truck are closer together than the inner two .	1	2	VBP	have	has
if prices and profits are too large , then investments may be VBN should an NN or economic NN occur .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the book is divided into four sections , one for each season as well as chapters on clothing , base camp kit and tools .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
our attitude toward what 's happening with the war is the lord is VBG this evil nation for VBG all moral NNS that are worth a NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
neither points are serious reasons for deletion , though .	1	2	VBP	are	is
yes , i know that NNS look to be coming for three of the users , but if even one survives the ban , this could take effect .	5	6	VBP	look	looks
wp , but if it VBZ with a better source , the better one is to be preferred .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
a crater occupies the northwestern interior floor and lies VBN against the inner wall .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
quantum NN is a NN in a NN ( usually a NN material ) , where size VBZ the movements of the charge carriers forcing them into a quantum NN .	16	17	VBZ	restricts	restrict
the name derives from NNP , a JJ bc greek poet who was the chief representative of a group of writers of NN , and sometimes JJ , JJ poetry .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
during one of their training sessions coach taylor sees this and after they win a big game offers jason a coaching position .	16	17	VBZ	offers	offer
the company has offices in 16 states .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNP is the design consultant , whilst the lead contractor comes in the form of NNP .	10	11	VBZ	comes	come
the facility is home to more than 20 , 000 aquatic plants and animals from florida and all over the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fact that this is under discussion multiple places at once is even more reason to proceed slowly .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
exhibitions range from an RB large event such as a world 's fair exposition to small JJ solo shows or a display of just one item .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
lawrence NNP believes that the ideology , NN , and language of the texts show that it VBZ from the same circle as other JJ works found among the dead sea NNP .	5	17	VBZ	originates	originate
NNP is particularly well suited to sections of dramatic dialogue where two characters are in violent dispute .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the following tale , by the miller , also involves the conflict between two men over a woman .	2	9	VBZ	involves	involve
the girls cross country team is a JJ state cross country champion with titles in 1994 , 1995 , 1997 , 1998 and 2009 .	1	2	VBP	cross	crosses
today , the northern party of NNP county is still strongly republican .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
a better approach is to use NNS that specifically target the NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i will say that even though the story arc summaries are not an accurate way to present the information , they are much easier to wade through than a long list of individual chapter summaries .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this force is transmitted to the center post , where the string VBZ upon the post .	11	12	VBZ	pulls	pull
NNS are not his biological parents , that his mother is insane and that his father is a `` NN '' .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this topic was a subject of lengthy negotiations ; easier passage for croatian citizens through the narrow strip of bosnia and herzegovina territory ( that VBZ croatia 's land territory ) near NNP , in exchange for privileges for bosnia and herzegovina in NNP .	10	25	VBZ	divides	divide
when stopped and VBN , the poles are likely to form at different locations .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the thing is , the linux box is on JJ connection and keeps changing its ip , and connection typically breaks down after transferring JJ , after which it starts over .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
today , the former airfield is still the location of the school , known currently as NNP school of global management .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it is only after numerous apparent NNS and deaths , that the range of human experience starts to get VBN .	12	16	VBZ	starts	start
his JJ advertisements are some of the most frequently aired NNS on american television .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the record includes five tracks from signs of life , three tracks from carnival of NNP , two tracks from revolution NNP , three tracks from NNP theater , and two original compositions .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
eventually the family faces such economic NN that NNP is VBN .	2	3	VBZ	faces	face
my personal preference is the former .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , he believes regulation of medical decisions about maternal or JJ health is `` best handled at the state level '' .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
whereas the real JJ plane describes the set of all JJ lines through the origin in NNP , the oriented JJ plane describes lines with a given orientation .	21	22	VBZ	describes	describe
this temple has both NNP NN and goddess NNP ( NNP ) - the commander in chief of goddess NNP ( sri raja NN 's ) army .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP books are non-notable with no real demonstration why they are not .	1	2	VBP	are	is
liberty or freedom is a generic term which means a cause or being VBN with NN .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
eu buildings suffer from sick building syndrome ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	suffer	suffers
i submitted a post telling them how bad this article is .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the chairman of the governing body of the institute is the chief justice of india .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
members receive the quarterly magazine , NNP features , which has articles about NN , featured artists tips and stories as well as other useful information about NN illustration .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
the tower is JJ in style , and has three stages , JJ NNS , and an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whether NNP 's website is reliable or not , is a different issue .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the slope for the landing is 34 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
whatever the case , a combination of theological and practical concerns seems to have led to the extraordinary JJ mass NN , and the NNP NNP is a powerful theological treatise on human equality .	5	11	VBZ	seems	seem
gross domestic product per NN is equivalent to that of the average NNS of europe .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the road has NNS with the NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his deployment comes at a time of high tension between the united kingdom and argentina over the sovereignty of the islands .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
leaves are leaves are JJ and JJ compound with rounded NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
currently the worship pastor of NNP is NNP morgan and joel houston serves as creative director .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the book presents evidence that the fbi missed dozens of opportunities to stop the attacks of september 11 , dating back to 1989 .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
in politics , speculation is part of the subject matter .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in crash , her death is one of several which are JJ and which VBZ NNP about two minutes of screen time .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the success in 2007 is a widely reported news piece , with no one ever arguing it VBZ JJ .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
some scholars think that NNP and the NNP 's tragedy are in fact one and the same play .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
when her body falls IN he NNS and VBZ the scene , unaware the encounter was caught on camera .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
NNP , while a lack of it tends to lead to the creation of NNP or NNP .	4	7	VBZ	tends	tend
european NNS occur on the island and seals occasionally VBP there .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the four satellites are in the same orbit , which is VBN with respect to the plane of the NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the main active NN is JJ , which exists in equilibrium with its NN , NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many lines are still under construction , will reach several of the major sporting venues , and are planned to be completed in 2009 , the same year the winning city is to be announced .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the plan consists of a nave and NN in one unit , a south NN , and a tower that stands at the NN of the south side .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the other tribes of NNS VBP upon the tribe under cover of night and VB all but three , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP .	2	5	VBP	descend	descends
the name change is to take place throughout 2013 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
both competitions include the approximately 400 students of each graduating class and have semi-finals and finals with different judging committees usually composed of people from the realm of education , NN , and politics .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this is especially bad if accompanied by NN , where the user just does n't notice the incorrect usage , for instance if two parts have different functions but share a common case so that it is n't apparent on a casual inspection which part is being used .	24	25	VBP	have	has
each album has its own cover with a drawing of the washington monument on it ( see the illustration ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
ride time is 2 minutes per cycle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is not a JJ picture , the subject is at an odd angle , bad NN , JJ size .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the photo heading the article appears to be of anna roosevelt , NNP ' long time academic opponent .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
article is not long enough to be classified as an article , and VBG to dean NNP is JJ , as mentioned above .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
as evidence , the conspiracy NNS say that after the sinking , all opposition to the federal reserve disappeared .	5	6	VBP	say	says
in new zealand , these dolphins have a high rate of NN .	5	6	VBP	have	has
a JJ shopping mall connects the terminal and parking buildings .	3	4	VBZ	connects	connect
she had a gift for the JJ comment , and her memorable phrases about films and the people of the film world are still frequently quoted by other journalists .	12	22	VBP	are	is
the meadows are particularly rich in NN ( NNP NN ) , a relative of NN , which formed a NN NN for children in former times .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the company operates eight locations across north america and employs over 600 mostly in winnipeg or in baltimore at NNP NN ( which is responsible for contract manufacturing ) .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
in the film adaptation , a machine similar to the drinks NN appears , serving brown NN into a plastic NN glass .	6	12	VBZ	appears	appear
the gardens are a popular tourist attraction , open yearly , located on the NNP road , NNP , county NNP , northern ireland .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this site looks pretty JJ to me .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
soon reaching NNP , the highway VBZ NNP .	5	6	VBZ	intersects	intersect
the leader of newcastle borough council simon NNP is a may bank ward councillor .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
world historical and predicted populations ( in millions ) figures include the former soviet countries in europe .	9	10	VBP	include	includes
the JJ structure VBZ very slowly compared to typical wind NNS , only three times per minute , yet VBZ up to nine NNS of power .	2	3	VBZ	rotates	rotate
these officers typically work toward investigations involving criminal and provincial violations such as traffic enforcement and accident investigations and working to further VBG the public about the NNS of rail operations and consequences that can result from NN .	1	3	VBP	work	works
no traces of the park remain today .	1	5	VBP	remain	remains
the self titled album is in the NNP music style - a tradition that dates back over 700 years .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this version is a case in point .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these are generally VBN in the closing of afds because such participants tend to be unaware of the various notability requirements that have been developed by wikipedians through our experience of trying to build an encyclopedia .	11	12	VBP	tend	tends
same thing happens in later career with halifax town .	1	2	VBZ	happens	happen
the seat of the NNP is in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
at NNP , NNS have access to several meeting rooms and smaller study rooms to conduct business or organizational meetings .	3	4	VBP	have	has
NNP syndrome ( also known as NNP ) is an extremely rare and severe genetic disorder .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
some editions use NNS that VBP a dictionary entry about the term `` JJ '' , based on the english NNP logo , which was designed by NNP NNP , a NNP developer .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the study of the motion of bodies is an ancient one , making classical mechanics one of the oldest and largest subjects in science , engineering and technology .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
her brothers are NNP NNP NNP iii of NNP , south carolina and her twin brother david NNP of NNP , massachusetts .	1	2	VBP	are	is
set to a NN and raw soundtrack by the kills the runway show RB depicts four distinct periods in the NNP NNP VBG saga .	12	14	VBZ	depicts	depict
its key signature has eight NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the world VBZ 30 billion NNS ( 4 .	1	2	VBZ	consumes	consume
the region includes the NNS of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , osaka , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
proteins are orders of magnitude larger than the small organic molecules discussed earlier in this article , but the basic NNP techniques and some of the NNP theory also applies .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the plant is green when new and it VBZ to NNS of pink and red .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another reason for keep NNP in the inventory is that NNP can be put away and stored like a log without maintenance for sometime , but NNP requires RB maintenance in storage .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP creek mine is one of the largest gold mines in the united states and in the world .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i strongly VBP on the fact that the behaviour of a user in other NNS of NNP projects is a JJ problem , not a JJ one .	8	18	VBZ	is	are
on april 25 , in the final , the blues beat the bay NNP JJ to VB their first ever don johnson cup as maritime champions .	9	10	VBP	beat	beats
its headquarters are in the town of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most organic NNS are JJ or highly JJ , depending on their NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the history of NNP is JJ in the number of NNS that dot the landscape of region from the JJ period .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the relationships between the original natural areas of these often exotic animals and plants and commercial collectors , NNS , NNS , NNS and those who promote their understanding and NN are complex and poorly understood .	1	31	VBP	are	is
i think some admin attention is VBN here , and your user page is a clear NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
JJ foods are rice and NN with NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
since the 1970s , the company is an official partner and sponsor of the tour de france .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the church is part of the NNP parish in NNP which is part of the NNP NN in the diocese of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the term comes from the spanish word NN which VBZ a payment made to the person who provided for a soldier 's well being .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
situations where an editor sits out a block without comment and then comes back and VBZ the same behaviour , even after clear warnings and blocks , are not acceptable .	3	4	VBZ	sits	sit
i believe the next thing which happened is that either the town took the house over for back taxes VBN or the bank which he paid a NN to took it over and it was VBN upon .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
in conclusion , the article is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
those articles need more than just this , but on the other hand , these are excellent stubs for those articles .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
of these , the majority of the town 's population resides in NNP , pleasant hills , NNP , east NNP and NNP center ; NNP and north NNP are much less RB populated .	4	10	VBZ	resides	reside
this article is about characters in the comic book series the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , the satellite provides the most powerful coverage in the JJ region .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
this estimate is a best case scenario of technically JJ oil during the area 's primary production years if legislation were passed in 2008 to allow NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are JJ and rarely even describe the problem adequately .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the department is still under the process of NN to achieve its objectives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is disruptive , even if he thinks our JJ rules are wrong .	10	11	VBP	are	is
in the period following the NNP merger , NNP has seen various carriers enter and exit the local market .	12	13	VBP	enter	enters
however , responses to different treatments are widely varied , and no single first line treatment represents the default treatment for JJ JJ NN .	15	16	VBZ	represents	represent
the other major rivers flowing through west NNP district , the NNP , NNP and NNP NNP , are also NNS of the NNP .	3	18	VBP	are	is
the opening sentence is not JJ , with a large JJ insert .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the support also includes guidance about maintenance , NN and use .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
NNS are a new zealand VBZ vocal group and the 11th NN into the new zealand music hall of fame .	0	1	VBP	are	is
another tradition tells that the original NN could not find a suitable pot for a NN and VBD one from a NN , who then VBD the play in revenge for the theft .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
in practice an analog signal is subject to electronic noise and NN introduced by communication channels and signal processing operations , which can RB VB the NN ratio .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
currently , there is more widespread application of the JJ process since it is relatively simple and JJ costs are relatively low .	18	19	VBP	are	is
liga NNP season is the 18th edition of the liga NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the newer NNS often rely on JJ reverse engineering in the absence of technical data to achieve NN .	2	4	VBP	rely	relies
this high amount of JJ ice on the surface VBZ that the JJ event must have happened more than 100 million years ago .	2	9	VBZ	confirms	confirm
so the NNP is different in different frames , and this type of NN is not apparent in the original NN of quantum mechanics .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
each filipino family contributes NNP 1 , CD a year to run these schools through their tax payments .	2	3	VBZ	contributes	contribute
NNS vary in their approach at the plate .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
the JJ end of the NN ends in a JJ JJ projection known as the NNP ' process .	2	6	VBZ	ends	end
the altitude ranges from 40 m at NNP to 2 , CD m at mt .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the number of translations of contemporary JJ literature into polish is not very big .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
this device is a JJ NN based on the NNP chip of the commodore 64 , and it is capable of playing back .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the library also offers several computer labs and a NN center .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
most NNS are classified as NN , because the NNS they are VBN with are JJ .	9	14	VBP	are	is
this cartoon , however , was more in line with the `` books come to life '' entries from around this period .	12	13	VBP	come	comes
the film is a meditation on old , VBG silent films and is similar in spirit to NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their built works include the interior of the NNP county courthouse , the NNP theater , and several banks , including one which was NNP 's first NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
many current diseases involve VBN end plate potential activity .	2	3	VBP	involve	involves
this school is unusual in that it is run not by the department of defense , but by the caesar NNP school district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP testimony of the early twentieth century , people drive NNS into the figures as part of a petition for help , healing , or JJ of contracts and NNS .	10	11	VBP	drive	drives
turning north , the NN crosses into hampton and passes through the downtown area to reach NNP , with which it shares the crossing of hampton roads to norfolk via the hampton roads NNP .	4	5	VBZ	crosses	cross
NNP images and images with JJ NN now get 95 years .	1	8	VBP	get	gets
the theatre no longer has an artistic team and is a receiving venue run by a general manager .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
thus the convention when talking about `` 1 NN ac '' is that you 're talking about a signal of NN NN ( 2 ) , because this 1 v ac signal does the same amount of work as a 1 v steady dc signal .	31	32	VBZ	does	do
this album is a mixture of genres , ranging from NN to blues .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these two books explore and VBP how RB chess has changed since the early 20th century , and how old and supposedly VBD ' rules for the conduct of play have been replaced by broader and revolutionary practice RB .	2	3	VBP	explore	explores
as of 2013 the JJ western electric brand name survives as the trademark of the western electric export corporation , a manufacturer of vacuum tubes now produced in NNP , al .	8	9	VBZ	survives	survive
very few articles about individual NNP remain .	2	6	VBP	remain	remains
he had a fantastic time in the youth cup for us , and his challenge is to VB from youth to men 's football .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
keep , these sorts of events have a JJ notability .	3	6	VBP	have	has
today the cemetery is the last extant cemetery associated with prince hall NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
users are also able to use a custom domain name for their blog .	0	1	VBP	are	is
thus the effective charge of an electron is actually smaller than its true value , and the charge VBZ with increasing distance from the electron .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this village holds on to the traditional customs and culture of the NNP forest area .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the anonymous translator is william maxwell `` max '' NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
information like this is one of the NNS of wikipedia .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the brothers have a friction .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the final word or phrase is the most emphasized part of a passage .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
therefore , the earliest reliable NN fossil age is of c .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP , as the maps deserve their own articles with both notability and differences from NN .	6	7	VBP	deserve	deserves
the events appear on the board , and the pilot leading after the first round is given the option on who goes first .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the album includes a new single , the september 11 JJ `` hole in the world '' .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
also the JJ mouth is visible even in young fish .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP home , on the other hand , represents the NN NN NN .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent
the school serves parts of NNP beach and eastern NNP .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
update from nominator this fac seems to be going much more slowly than the first one .	0	5	VBZ	seems	seem
the precise times of migration for both species , to and from the breeding NNS , occur during periods of sustained JJ rainfall .	2	16	VBP	occur	occurs
while i agree that NNP is a very good editor , i do not feel that the answers given to the above questions indicate the NN understanding of policy that i would expect from an admin candidate .	17	23	VBP	indicate	indicates
NN work is a JJ NN of linguistics .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ analysis of genetic data supports a position at the very base of the NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	supports	support
the name of the school refers to the blessed virgin mary .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer
boys are more likely to physically VB and RB others , or to be physically VBN themselves .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NNP dialect of NNP also uses NN in its NN writing for long NNS .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use
the truth is that i have trouble trying to be sure the articles i create meets good VBP the articles that you 're trying to delete authority .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main point ( perhaps even the essential point of this article ) is that there is a great body of theory associated with electrical NNS , and electrical networks in general .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
VBG behavior is distinctive , but RB , if the size is VBN , a breeding NN NN can be mistaken for some varieties of stint , or a winter NN NN can be mistaken for a NNP or red NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the primary concern and job of an NNP referee is the safety of the fighters .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
this is disruptive editing , and while there is a NN while admins watch the page , scott free on the article talk page has made remarkable , VBG statements that indicate he will continue his efforts at first chance .	12	13	VBP	watch	watches
the poll demonstrates that consensus very RB ( as did the three request move polls ) .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the NN is JJ , the stems ' colour can be green or JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although NNS are authorized , women frequently wear the appropriate color NN .	5	7	VBP	wear	wears
the only other edit is of the statement that the police are being investigated , which is not mentioned in any of the references provided yet sa keeps reverting any edits of that phrase .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i suspect that category is somewhat JJ , but it will give you a start .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the mascot is a JJ NNP , which is a cave painting possibly representing a man holding an arch over his head .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the national geographic image collection archive also includes JJ NNS and auto NNS , the earliest examples of color photography .	5	7	VBZ	includes	include
JJ cottage at west NNP which was home from CD remains but the museum once operated here is shut .	1	10	VBZ	remains	remain
although selective breeding has changed the appearance of many breeds , all dogs retain the basic characteristics of their distant ancestors .	12	13	VBP	retain	retains
JJ communities in the NNP peninsula and the lower north shore remain , as well as a small community in the NNP islands .	1	11	VBP	remain	remains
this article is currently a ga , and i now believe it to be of fa status .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these services then become the 105 and CD in 2000 , and still run to a regular frequency to this day .	1	3	VBP	become	becomes
the article needs some NN and is written in an JJ tone in places , but that can be corrected ; the article has been VBN appropriately .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
one reason the museum is JJ is the NNS on display in the basement NN area .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in texas , the law does not VB NNS from NN or buying JJ beer , but the law does specify that a NN containing more than one half of one percent alcohol by volume is an JJ NN and thus will follow the same restrictions as regular beer .	23	35	VBZ	is	are
another distinctive feature of the JJ tract is that , along with the rest of the JJ mass , it has JJ NN , VBG around through 180 degrees during the JJ stage , so that the NN of the animal is located above its head .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
daily air raids on madrid continue , with the nationalist air force again superior to the republican .	2	5	VBP	continue	continues
its seat is the settlement of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
three separate NNS , NNP reef light , NNP light , and white NNP light , warn NNS away from the NN 's VBN coast and mark the western entrance of the NNS of NNP .	2	16	VBP	warn	warns
this local NN has a very small number of drugs that are essential to cure the villagers ( JJ , NNP , NNP sur , philippines ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NNP collector VBZ the source of NN or implies he is unable to do a certain thing .	2	3	VBZ	accuses	accuse
common usage seems to have gone american .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the story VBZ around NNP 's life as a super film NN and a love interest that develops with a girl named NNP ( tyler NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the field of suspension training is a form of resistance training that includes NN exercises in which a variety of NN , compound exercise movements can be performed .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i 'm often RB surprised at how well the article reads in view of the contentious arguments on the talk page .	9	10	VBZ	reads	read
NNP , in which three editors interpret the guideline differently to NNP .	5	6	VBP	interpret	interprets
when males return to their breeding areas , they establish a territory .	1	2	VBP	return	returns
long term memory is usually well organised .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a less trivial example is the important concept of uniform continuity from analysis , which differs from the more familiar concept of NN continuity only by an exchange in the positions of two NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
bold actions are sometimes necessary to get through the JJ NN of project space editing and administration .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , a simple cell with a JJ field that VBD to the edge of the square would be VBN as long as the edge VBZ within its JJ region .	24	25	VBZ	lays	lay
its northeastern limit VBZ the department of NNP with the commune of NNPS , it follows the old track `` NN '' used formerly by the NNS of the way of st .	2	3	VBZ	touches	touch
the people ( the NNP ) are poor and the village is very remote to the extent that the citizens are unaware of world events such as the rise of NNP .	19	20	VBP	are	is
NNP is likely non-notable himself ( or even as a shooting victim ) but that the NNS are likely notable in view , JJ al .	16	17	VBP	are	is
i was just worried because there will be times that every admin has to get involved with these types of things , not because they want to , but because a problem winds up on their NN .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
according to the 2002 census , the village has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the highway continues south to the american border near NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
headquartered in NNP , the netherlands , the agency also has offices in amsterdam , NNP , atlanta , NNP ( india ) , hong kong , and singapore .	8	10	VBZ	has	have
NNP combines modest size urban development with rural villages and is immediately north of the more populated areas of bolton , bury , manchester and NNP , VBD north of manchester .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
i could go on comparing and VBG these various NNS , but rather than getting buried in details , let me just acknowledge that innovation is hard .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
when JJ learns that the man involved is ray , she is pleased .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
i believe the creator of the articles was planning on explaining the part of the plot that each song covers , but this can probably just be done on the album 's article page .	18	19	VBZ	covers	cover
commercial NN vessels catch fish by VBG JJ one or more JJ lines .	2	3	VBP	catch	catches
this category includes categories on individual types of ships .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the information is interesting and does not speak RB or JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
dubai has been criticized for VBG a JJ society , where JJ workers are in the lower classes .	12	13	VBP	are	is
users such as steve NNP may have concerns about the neutrality of the article , but deletion nomination is the not the proper channel to address this .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
merge and redirect much of what this article covers belongs in the article for women in judaism .	7	8	VBZ	covers	cover
the principal players include the NNS , management , and the board of directors .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the modern edition of noah 's writings is the selected writings of NNP noah edited by michael NNP and daniel NNP , and published by NNP press .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
arabic names for NNP NNP include al TO `` the NNP '' , al TO `` the NNP '' or al NNP al NNP `` the NNP nest '' .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
his products tend to be JJ , and also incorporate styles of southern california .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
this part of the church is also the most recent of the original cathedral NNS ; archbishop NNP NNP laid the NN for the west front in CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
moreover , the JJ deposits are JJ by NNP till on these NNS , which is not present in the rice lake NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
jerome 's version remains the biggest selling to date .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
the group also annually recognizes members of the NNP community with its innovation award and service award .	1	4	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
the main thread involves a young secretary named NNP webb .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
the article just needs citations and improvement .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
a compound engine is an engine that has more than one stage for VBG energy from the same working fluid , with the NN from the first stage passing through the second stage , and in some cases then on to another subsequent stage or even stages .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first thing that needs to be changed is probably the title ( something in the line of NNP NNS , social impact of NN or something ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this is even worse when we remember that wikipedia 's stance on fair use usage is even more JJ than the law permits .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
keep not really JJ -- the use of the term is to follow what the person uses , or is referred to in major works of reference , as with all other categories .	15	16	VBZ	uses	use
on the whole the article contains most of what one would hope to see , and is generally well referenced .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the name `` NNP '' comes from the NNP language spoken by the NNP indians that accompanied the spanish .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
the hamlet of NNP is south of the NNP river by the expressway .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
comment this article is small .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
in these materials , electrons that move to the NN band are all of sufficient energy to be VBN from the material and as such , the film that VBZ NNS can be quite thick .	4	11	VBP	are	is
further , in on similar NN , he commented on NNP 's NNP ( or NNP ) ; many scholars believe that ibn NNP was in fact the true author of that work .	19	20	VBP	believe	believes
despite this , the coins are still legal tender and produced outside these states , so if a customer with a JJ coin VBD elsewhere wishes to pay with it , he may .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the representation of a NN as a product of NNS is not unique ; however , the number of NNS needed to represent a given NN is either always even or always odd .	17	26	VBZ	is	are
john NNP sharp ( born 15 december 1954 ) , australian politician , is a former national party member of the australian house of representatives representing the divisions of NNP and NNP in new south wales .	11	13	VBZ	is	are
after receiving the key , the recipient is a member of the honor society and is entitled to wear the key with his or her academic NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
each race has a distinct method of obtaining new troops .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a recent innovation is the `` JJ '' or `` mixed max '' tournament , in which the table sizes vary during the course of the event .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the 2008 version of NNP ( season 2 ) is unlike the event of the same name in the original american NNP series .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the farmers are now capable to do the NN by themselves and thus have an RB compatible source of income .	1	2	VBP	are	is
september 2007 there are a greater number of visitors during the winter when foreign tourists make up the normal visitors of families VBG , NNP NNP at NNP accessed 12 september 2007 school children and young couples .	14	15	VBP	make	makes
this allows the vehicle to display which NN has low pressure .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the tribe lives in the NNP district and VBZ from the NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	lives	live
no matter the outcome , ( pilot ) fringe is highly unlikely to be kept .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
plastic NNS that are VBN with metal are used to VB electronic toll collection devices during NN to the customer , so that a toll charge is not registered if the delivery truck carrying the item passes through a toll booth .	32	36	VBZ	passes	pass
the article falls short of many of the fa criteria , specifically those related to mos , prose , and sourcing ( i did not check NN or images ) .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
the ski season typically runs from JJ to JJ depending on the length and depth of NN RB .	2	4	VBZ	runs	run
simply translated , this symbol means , `` to achieve the impossible .	4	5	VBZ	means	mean
most JJ NNS display the team 's primary logo in the centre of the chest , while some also display secondary NNS on the NNS .	2	3	VBP	display	displays
yeah , not a particularly great reason to delete , but the underlying NN concerns push me over the edge .	14	15	VBP	push	pushes
the word `` NNP '' is originally of scottish NN , referring to `` JJ mound '' , early burial hills that were landmarks in the NNP region of scotland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
barn design speaks to two distinct parameters in agricultural history , one being climate and the other being occupation .	1	2	VBZ	speaks	speak
the cost of flying for these members is usually much lower than at other VBG clubs .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the layout is fun and creative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additional NNP statues now sit outside of the NNP team house near the stadium ; NNP center , the school 's basketball arena ; the NNP alumni center ; and in the lobby of the NNP h .	2	4	VBP	sit	sits
i tend to the view that bishops of major NNS are notable ex NN , in this particular case his responsibility for JJ dialogue also makes him potentially highly influential .	20	25	VBZ	makes	make
NN can be distinguished based on the fact that its JJ and JJ JJ teeth are JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
once characters reach level 15 , they are able to raise the attraction of any other character once per day .	1	2	VBP	reach	reaches
through a strange NN the two girls realize they look so much alike that they decide to VB places for a while .	6	7	VBP	realize	realizes
my political position is neither republican nor NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP buttons are about 13 lines ( !	1	2	VBP	are	is
this idea is best explained by VBG two different versions of two common visual illustrations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for senior division boys and senior wing girls each unit consists of at least 2 NNS each consists of 100 cadets .	9	10	VBZ	consists	consist
his complete works consist of 67 NNS which are mainly for the flute including solo pieces and piano accompanied pieces .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
united states relations are JJ relations between NNP and the united states .	2	3	VBP	are	is
what is important is not your name , but whether your contribution and voting is in good faith .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
located in la grande , oregon , the school offers bachelor 's and master 's degrees .	8	9	VBZ	offers	offer
the third tier , of course , is arbcom .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
so the message in john is far different .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the education industry employs approximately 8 , 600 people .	2	3	VBZ	employs	employ
the city wants to remove all NNS from the square and replace them with restaurants , shops , artists ' workshops , and such .	1	2	VBZ	wants	want
labs employee , uses technology to open up NNS that act as a tunnel through matter .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
however , the website is now defunct .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
after choosing a child to sponsor , the charitable organization that manages the sponsorship typically sends information about the child to the sponsor .	9	15	VBZ	sends	send
an example of the former kind is at long beach harbor , california , and an example of the latter kind is san diego harbor , california , which was , under natural conditions , too shallow for modern merchant ships and NNS .	16	21	VBZ	is	are
the writer in question is not famous , but the amount of research carried out in an attempt to VB him is JJ .	10	21	VBZ	is	are
similar to NNP joe , his NNS are not power but glory .	6	7	VBP	are	is
a contestant enters a chamber that is full of sand , with wooden bars blocking the way .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
heat capacity , or thermal capacity , is the JJ physical quantity that VBZ the amount of heat required to change the temperature of an object or body by a given amount .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's requests to administrators often ask for topic NNS on users regarding deletion discussions .	2	6	VBP	ask	asks
permanent collections that include NNP 's paintings include the brooklyn museum , the NNP , and the museum of american art .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
it has led to debates with such figures as kenneth arrow , who RB support the `` NNP '' approach , and argue that the quantity of JJ mathematical models in modern economics is a critical requirement for progress .	25	33	VBZ	is	are
the NNS indicate the three possible NNS for the sentence .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
in addition , 41 other rivers also flow through NNP .	5	7	VBP	flow	flows
the municipality belongs to the metropolitan region of stuttgart .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
the two cities most identified with the lake NNP tourist area are south lake NNP , california and the smaller NNP , nevada ; smaller centers on the northern NN include NNP city and kings beach .	2	11	VBP	are	is
only claim of significance is that many of [ his ] books have been used all over the world by those who wanted to learn english grammar , usage and pronunciation , particularly american english .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN game consists of a small ball and a wheel with 38 numbered NNS around the edge .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the NNP school of business also operates a comprehensive business case competition program , known as NNP competes , whose aim is to VB student skills in JJ thinking , NN , NN , and effective communication .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
certain medals allow the player to play as new characters in NN or use NNS .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
a representative sample of donated private collections VBN at the museum includes the following collections organized by family name .	2	11	VBZ	includes	include
his name is an NN to real life fan paul NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
below the state association league system 14 district associations work as NNS to the NNP .	8	9	VBP	work	works
a merchant navy or merchant marine is the fleet of merchant vessels that are registered in a country , which varies in capacity .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS students have a high pass rate in the advanced placement NNS and usually have at least 25 national merit scholarship NNS each year .	1	2	VBP	have	has
after the interviews , the super fans decide that NNP should go on the date with NNP , and while they are on their date , the super fans spend time with NNP , NNP m , sam and NNP .	28	29	VBP	spend	spends
the film 's italian title means `` the NNS of hercules '' .	4	5	VBZ	means	mean
the phrase NNP format commonly refers to any or all of the members of a set of closely related graphics formats used and defined by the NNP project .	3	5	VBZ	refers	refer
the influences of these languages exist in several dialects in india today .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists
as of 30 november 2012 , the town has an estimated population of 3 , CD , with 1 , CD households .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the original NNP bus now VBZ at NNP 's farm in oregon .	3	5	VBZ	rests	rest
the town VBZ about 1 million NNS of water every day .	1	2	VBZ	consumes	consume
some reviewers , however , VBP NNP for JJ plot elements and as lacking character development in the lengthy burke series .	1	5	VBP	criticize	criticizes
a specialist in world history and african history , his current research addresses global NN , early human history , migration in world history , the african NN , and the NN of african slavery .	11	12	VBZ	addresses	address
the game includes all of the major characters from the film and features various playing modes , including a local JJ battle mode , production NNS , and NNS from the film .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
on 23 may 2011 , the VBG order set off a political controversy , with prime minister david cameron commenting that the law should be reviewed to `` catch up with how people VBP media today '' .	32	33	VBP	consume	consumes
outside of the city of NNP , the main economic activity is still agriculture , with 5 , CD .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
all members of NNP are members of the arts association .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the NN bit shown here is a variation of the twist drill bit .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the building is a two story , RB VBN brick building with limestone trim in the colonial revival style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i did completely VB your position , though ; i thought you were VBG that the majority position is that the murder was was VBN RB motivated , so for that i apologize .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
stanley meyer 's water fuel cell ; if it can be shown that this topic is as notable as the aforementioned one or if coverage continues , i would be in favor of a weak keep .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
each district has a distinctive pattern .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in general , he assumes bad faith on the part of anyone who VBZ with him , frequently accusing people of making mass afd nominations ( when even a moment 's examination shows that they are not ) , at least once VBG a NN in the process .	31	32	VBZ	shows	show
following the war it was even suggested that the story had been VBN by a navy NN , but naval communications records confirm the message .	21	22	VBP	confirm	confirms
christmas dinner is also a family occasion where NN NN , game or other luxury meat may be served .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the service 's selection is expected to learn the user 's preferences from input whether the user likes or VBZ the track .	16	17	VBZ	likes	like
brad is later stood down as principal but things look up when sally accepts his marriage proposal .	8	9	VBP	look	looks
the mystery there begins as oz VBZ the mystery behind alice , the NNP and the strange organization known as `` NNP '' .	1	3	VBZ	begins	begin
these programs include patrols and enforcement to VB JJ fishing , village improvement programs , collection and disposal of plastic and other NNS entering the local waters , marine conservation education of village children and adults , and reef and VB rehabilitation .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the males have to repeat the NNP NN ten times RB a day .	1	2	VBP	have	has
first , it reflects how much the vandals feel threatened by his efforts .	7	8	VBP	feel	feels
NNP NNP clearly - clean environment on to VB our try liberal is that all around us JJ and green field .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
you can of course clean it up even while this discussion goes on .	10	11	VBZ	goes	go
another memorable character is NNP 's mother who is known simply as `` NNP 's mother '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
delete article covers a topic that does not exist , i .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP wrote songs about his seven years after leaving university when he performed with bands , and on stage in scotland - and about his ten weeks singing live on the bbc television series .	26	28	VBP	live	lives
NNP NN like that which global NN systems provide information on ) to describe time in seconds , and space in distance units along JJ NNS .	7	8	VBP	provide	provides
the mission of the NNP school district is to prepare all of its students to compete successfully in a global society .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
when the NNS appear to become too extreme , jim , michael , and kevin all think it is time for her to go to the hospital .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
for these purposes , personality is the settled framework of reference within which a person addresses the current situation and decides how to VB .	14	15	VBZ	addresses	address
NNS have questioned whether obama , who was elected the first president with black ancestry , is `` black enough , '' VBG that his background is not typical because his mother was white american , and his father was a black NNP immigrant .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the team 's strategy involves gaining access to the target through a fighting tournament being held on the `` NNP , '' a luxury cruise ship owned and operated by NNP .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
the wrestler then falls to their back while maintaining the hold , VBG the opponent down with them to drive their back into the ground .	1	3	VBZ	falls	fall
a7 ( no assertion of notability ) claim is closer , but the article does make a weak claim of notability .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the coat NN arms of england VBP back to the 13th century , but images show it next to modern arms .	3	6	VBP	originate	originates
the first form of building is a JJR form of protection , and primarily VBZ cards against combination by JJ range cards .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
grey areas are JJ NNS that do not VB to the ocean .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the story picks up years later , with leslie ( NNP NNP ) and NNP ( NNP ross ) together , living a hand to mouth existence .	1	2	VBZ	picks	pick
the second half of the book contains information on film themes and genres , a listing of production companies and film studios , a JJ , and some movie awards .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
a limited amount of defence NN takes place within the common security and defence policy .	2	6	VBZ	takes	take
plans are under way to film it .	0	1	VBP	are	is
other towns lying next to the range are the village of NNP in the northwest , and NNP NNP and NNP in the southeast .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the article , is not as well presented as i want it to be and i would like to add some photo 's soon , but i am afraid it will make things worse .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the collection includes steam locomotives , electric locomotives , diesel locomotives , a prototype of a magnetic NN train , and the original engine of a NNP me CD .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
JJ tools are software tools that link resources together in an online visual collaboration to author rich web NNS , upload and share visual content among team or customers inside a visual NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the secret organization that controls NNP drugs ellis and when she comes to she is tied up and VBN in her car .	2	11	VBZ	comes	come
the call RB moves from JJ knowledge on the part of the recipient to a maximum amount of knowledge in a minimum possible period of time .	1	3	VBZ	moves	move
categories are easier to maintain ( not saying this list is really hard to maintain ) as it is automatically VBN and pages are added as the category link is put on the page .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
further fields where the framework in various revised and expanded versions attracts scholarship is ( comparative ) cultural studies and NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
an official in NNP 's ministry of environment estimated that about half of the country 's population lives in regions where the water is severely VBN .	11	17	VBZ	lives	live
these corporations engage in commercial activities with their NNS ultimately being allocated towards the government 's treasury the puerto rico consolidated fund or the corresponding municipal treasury .	1	2	VBP	engage	engages
these four genres form the organizing principle of the essay , first VBG the distinctive kind of rhythm of each , then looking at specific forms of each more closely .	2	3	VBP	form	forms
pictures shown on the album artwork indicate that the studio used a JJ NN made by NNP and a NNP mixing console , a combination that was widely considered to be state of the art by audio engineers .	0	6	VBP	indicate	indicates
over 600 wikipedia articles link to it as a source for information presented in them .	3	4	VBP	link	links
these nations form the core of the uranium market and influence considerable control over all NNS .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
on the major league level , an NN crew generally VBZ positions VBP each game .	8	10	VBZ	rotates	rotate
the name is an unusual JJ NN from `` NNP NNP - NNP NNP NNP de NNP NNP NNP NNP di NN '' , all three meaning `` swiss aerial rescue guard '' , in german , french and italian respectively .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
only through a volume licensing agreement such as open license does microsoft permit using the same windows product key on multiple computers .	3	10	VBZ	does	do
the label works with indie rock bands that are often JJ or signed with small labels .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the NNP brothers return ( see below ) in the lucy ann and establish a NN station at NNP .	2	3	VBP	return	returns
the seating area comprises one level , RB VBN for a nearly ideal viewing angle without VBG to steps .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
indeed personal identity is JJ from such a NN , which NNP picks out with the word `` copies '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it does n't matter how i come home , because i am prepared to give all that i am to ensure that all my boys make it home .	24	25	VBP	make	makes
features include chinese input methods , chinese NNS , a weather NN , and online music search from the NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
specialty reporters are NNP NNP ( political reporter ; also JJ anchor ) , and dr .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP name probably means `` fairly large stream ( NNP ) '' or `` a stream ( NNP ) .	2	4	VBZ	means	mean
this form of religious NN is as JJ as was NN based on race .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the entry is still just a sketch .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an JJ function is a function that is defined RB by an JJ equation , by VBG one of the variables ( the value ) to the others ( the arguments ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if so , please tell me you 're VBG - that website is a cross between a wikipedia mirror and a telephone directory !	11	12	VBZ	is	are
with the collapse of NNP , firearms became more widely available in NNP 's former territories , but JJ NNS like NNP remain rare .	19	22	VBP	remain	remains
the library also has a portrayal of the ship as part of the lobby floor .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
since NNS form an important part of the food of NN , NNS , and NNS , the JJ NNS of these animals often yield forms that are not easily secured in other ways .	19	24	VBP	yield	yields
he VBZ that this NN is only `` VBG '' and that he will have to make a new fence with the bottom ends of all its posts buried four feet deep .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
another large rail bridge just to the north of the village still stands in good condition .	3	12	VBZ	stands	stand
the NNP building is near to the scottish parliament building and contains television and radio studios in addition to a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
typical policy recommendations of JJ NNS are lower marginal tax rates and less regulation .	2	6	VBP	are	is
neither story is an NN but a careful reading of them reveals that for NNP ( as with george macdonald ) the `` NN world '' of the imagination is linked to the christian concept of the kingdom of heaven .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this layout is important to note particularly because black women were not being used in advertisement , especially for the NNS or personality traits that made them unique .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one day he takes her to the country for what for a while is a wonderful time , but the trip is cut short .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
other sources tell that he was close to NNP NNP , who was executed by NNP NNP , so he feared for his life after learning of NNP 's death .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells
its plot , following a japanese american senator as he runs for president of the united states , was thoroughly VBN by NNP during months of travel in the us .	1	10	VBZ	runs	run
strong NNP will probably be edit VBN , but this user is amazing .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
RB , the product of the reaction is JJ in the reaction NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the page you want to delete is just a collaboration of all JJ to me sources and it 's goal is to help WP wants to know something about the orchestra to read it , instead of making him VB old NNS .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
her most distinctive feature is her JJ NN , and her last resort when losing an argument is to try and jump out of a nearby window , no matter what floor of the building she is on .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
house competition is an integral part of school life at richard NNP , with competitions taking place not only on the sports fields , but on the stage in both music and drama .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , this JJ culture is highly JJ and focused almost exclusively on present-day matters .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
as the story VBZ , it becomes apparent that he has feelings for NNP NNP ; eventually , he VBZ the courage to face his emotions .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
some newer drinks include the word `` NN '' or the NN `` NN '' in the name ( e .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
another editor has declined a speedy deletion for this company executive , apparently because his company is notable .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the ferry runs on its own time , but there is an adjoining village and with luck you can see the villagers VBP fishing or even dropping a line off the landing for small JJ fish .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
in addition to JJ management , the NNS identify , develop , and manage projects , negotiate local NNS , and attract local support to complement funds provided by NNS .	7	8	VBP	identify	identifies
she VBZ her husband into VBG course and driving NNP out of his house ; NNP offers the boy financial support , but the child returns to NNP and his VBD father NNP .	24	25	VBZ	returns	return
the device can be VBN for either a JJ mode , where all JJ NNS switch on , or `` dot '' mode in which only one output goes on .	27	28	VBZ	goes	go
naturally enough his NNS are JJ , that is until charlie suggests testing the new robot with his own family .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i think this song is about how much you love this one girl , that you would do anything for her .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NN and NNS , but man is that hard to hear .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the company 's highlights from the past two years include project development in haiti ( NNP haiti foundation ) , which was supported by both , haiti president michel NNP and prime minister NNP NNP .	3	9	VBP	include	includes
note that to successfully separate the file names from the NNS , the NN between them is a JJ character .	0	16	VBZ	is	are
the single sail of the NNP is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his newspaper columns remain the most detailed and JJ chronicle of the history of the red river of the north and its NNS .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
its largest towns are NNP ( pop .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the air NN engine is a combined cycle engine that VBZ aspects of NN and NN engines .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
nowadays , most people building model planes prefer JJ planes , because they operate more RB .	3	7	VBP	prefer	prefers
when one realizes the source is talking about philip i of castile , not philip i of france , the timeline falls into place .	20	21	VBZ	falls	fall
however , in his first interview a week after his exit , the main reason is NN and the pressure to fit in .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
written language is an invention in that it must be taught to children ; children will pick up spoken language ( oral or sign ) by exposure without being specifically taught .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because , when a woman loses her man in death and is no longer young she can easily move into a resigned approach to old age which NNP NNP is said to VB '' .	4	5	VBZ	loses	lose
the rivalry between the two schools is the oldest current NNP day rivalry west of the mississippi river .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
support - those NN concerns just make me want to support more .	4	6	VBP	make	makes
as for my suggested text , yes , i am attempting to shift the claim VBZ what the cites which actually address the issue say .	18	24	VBP	say	says
the woman is the great love of hans 's life since his youth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the work is a direct parody of a 1991 work by NNP NNP , the physical NNP of death in the mind of someone living .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the state highway becomes delaware avenue while passing through the southern part of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
NNP 's checks are treated as guaranteed funds because the bank , rather than the NN , is responsible for paying the amount .	10	17	VBZ	is	are
its JJ NNS are fairly liberal where , for example , one can sum string variants and pass the result into an NN variable .	2	3	VBP	are	is
differences exist between films formed using different se sources .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
frequent changes in the pattern of examination are essential since VBG to a PRP text ' or POS pattern ' alone will favour the coaching industry and the NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
a community of more than 200 speakers of high standards is present each year at the NNP forum and NNS in more than twenty panels to open up practical NNS and concrete JJ solutions .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
your teacher is a great example of the sad state of education in our country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when people claim more refs than you have one more to give !	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
a circle was used in this picture to ensure that the NNS use the correct ratio of horizontal to vertical height in picture reconstruction .	11	12	VBP	use	uses
jeremy claims , they barely mention the subject ; i VBP , of course , the NN on NN .	1	5	VBP	mention	mentions
some VBG areas in iran known for producing very fine pieces use additional tools .	2	11	VBP	use	uses
just one thing to look at is whether you have a little used bath or NN where the water trap may have dried out that can lead to bad NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this infobox is not in use .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the leading expert on western NNP history and the NNP people in the usa is ruth w .	4	16	VBZ	is	are
turkey 's diverse regions have different NNS , with the weather system on the NNS VBG with that VBG in the interior .	3	4	VBP	have	has
for example , certain nigerian populations have no relationship between presence or NN of NNP and NN or NN for NNP 's disease .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the latter two structures allow investors to benefit from a larger pool of loans made over time rather than one static pool .	3	4	VBP	allow	allows
t ] he majority of [ all ] police agencies are unable to VB a NN to each officer on duty ; neither are there sufficient NNS or JJ NNS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
either way , the NNS would confirm that the announced results VBP votes by JJ or otherwise VBN voters .	10	11	VBP	exclude	excludes
little can she imagine that the moment is just around the bend .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
my only interest is in what is best for this encyclopedia and from that point of view i truly could not care less about the competing national interests involved here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in particular , the article does a good job telling hard things without pain .	4	5	VBZ	does	do
there tend to be considerable similarities amongst the notability guidelines of the more mature NNP , but they are not identical , and no wikipedia is bound by decisions made on another .	5	6	VBP	amongst	amongst
your message here reads that way to me .	1	3	VBZ	reads	read
the school has a number of hindu students , and almost a tenth of its teachers are NNP , the rest being muslims .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the show begins with NNP , VBD , single , and RB , moving in with NNP , who has become a JJ , responsible adult , and NNP 's wife , NNP NNP ( married by fellow celebrity star m .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
this is actually a form of merging rather than revision , as the new information is not always treated as more reliable than the old knowledge .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the thick layer has a higher magnetic stability and is used as NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the first bishop historically known is NNP , who attended the council of NNP in CD .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the car has also a NN steering wheel and RB JJ exterior mirrors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ details of its JJ and painted decoration indicate a NN and NN burial .	2	9	VBP	indicate	indicates
this novel follows the format typical of NNP novels of following events from multiple points of view .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
if an article already exists in the location you intend to create the following disambiguation should be used move x NNP to x NNP ( location ) and create your new article at x NNP ( location ) for example NNP 's own NNP ( cork ) .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
however , web hosting is one of the biggest online businesses , because every website needs hosting .	14	15	VBZ	needs	need
that is , if an arbitration case comes out against someone who voted against the NNS , the NNS are in the poor position of having to show that they are not biased .	18	19	VBP	are	is
her NN is the lamb , which is seen at the top of the window .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
section 93 of the act makes enforcement of the criminal sanctions the duty of the local NNP and measures authority ( usually the trading standards department ) and VBZ enforcement powers from the trade descriptions act .	0	5	VBZ	makes	make
another way to describe the situation is that the fcc licenses radio NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
promotion for seasons 4 and 5 saw mad men and NNP VBG with NNP republic for the mad men casting call , in which users submit photos of themselves in mad men style and one winner receives the opportunity for a JJ role in an upcoming season .	35	36	VBZ	receives	receive
as effective JJ treatment becomes increasingly available to JJ populations , the JJ frequency for NNP is expected to decrease , so long as NNP treatments are JJ or only partially effective .	3	4	VBZ	becomes	become
in fact , the way i found this one is that it was RB tagged .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in the NN , an NNP expedition on a newly recovered NNP craft discovers the NNP world - NN in a NNP sphere of cable material , designed to project the same spectrum of a red giant .	6	13	VBZ	discovers	discover
the left marginal NN ( or VB marginal NN ) is a branch of the NN NN , originating at the JJ JJ NN , traveling along the left margin of heart towards the NN of the heart .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
other important files include the NN file , which is used by NN to correct for hardware clock NN in the absence of a connection to a more accurate upstream time server .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the second level NNS in people are probably redundant .	3	6	VBP	are	is
your support means the world to me , in a JJ sense as well as JJ .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
my answer is yes , i feel anyone willing to go through rfa these days deserves support .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the album also has a bonus 7 inch vinyl record as a special gift when NN through a select dealer .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the flowers are JJ , white , JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the second diff link shows that i have had an RB difficult time discussing things with the other user because he fails to VB .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show
not all NNS have a c clip , but those that do can usually be taken apart for cleaning and maintenance .	2	3	VBP	have	has
NNP was devised as a copy of the american NNP show ' format , with the host VBG over sketches , introducing star artists and reading advertisements live .	26	27	VBP	live	lives
information about her role in the plot is relevant , not just the sketch of her character type , which is all that is in the main article now .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS of his poetry appear in the online journal NNP .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears
the new and improved nba free agency begun ; grant hill stays with phoenix ; shannon brown and sebastian NNP join phoenix ; NNP NNP tried to get traded to the toronto NNPS ; NNP carter and NNP NNP are VBN .	6	11	VBZ	stays	stay
NNP 's other bands include the NNP band , its traditional jazz trio reduction called NNP band , origin , and its traditional jazz trio reduction called the new trio .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
a more rationale reply ) something i enjoy about wikipedia is the idea of consensus .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
though each of these principles has been challenged , the most popular approach among NNS is to reject JJ NN .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
on JJ streets , numbers are counted from downtown los angeles ( thus increase from south to north ) , and while in the NNP valley , the difference is 800 per mile .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
my favourite color is pink !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his main duty is to make sure the traditions and practices of the church are preserved .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their home ground is JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
theme of the night - `` this is me '' - the task for the singers was to represent themselves to the public by choosing a song on their own .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
unlike arguments about NN , or , NN and bias at least the premises are true for your argument .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the JJ tree shown below is from NNP and davis ( 2009 ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP west 's 2007 album `` graduation '' holds a song titled `` i wonder '' in which he samples NNP NNP 's `` my song '' from NNP 's album , VBG VBG VBG lying .	4	8	VBZ	holds	hold
the swiss pine is a popular JJ tree in parks and large gardens , giving steady though not fast growth on a wide range of sites where the climate is cold .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thai NNP people in NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP ban don , NNP don NNP , and NNP NNP NNP of NNP u NNP still have such ceremony , as well .	2	29	VBP	have	has
the purpose of the organisation is primarily to improve the lives of people with NNP in the united kingdom .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia runs based on consensus and discussion amongst its editors and in order to make it work , people need to participate in these discussions .	18	19	VBP	need	needs
students create a JJ paragraph response in writing or in the form of a narrative , chart , table , diagram , illustration , or graph , as appropriate .	0	1	VBP	create	creates
the path this album takes - from defeat to NN to VBG the self through NN means - perfectly VBZ the psychological path of the NN .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
the original NNP mound was partially VBN , but a reconstruction exists on the estate of former georgia governor NNP griffin NNP , in the NNP valley in white county , two miles south of helen .	10	11	VBZ	exists	exist
NNP NN has a NN reaching JJ mm , while the length of the NNS is JJ mm .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the theory is that when one is in the presence of the person , one does not notice the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the stadium holds CD people although only one stand is there on south side .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the design includes plenty of play areas , open spaces , playing fields and a golf course .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
no claim is made that the theory has any great acceptance , or is even practiced by anyone but herself .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the magnetic field in the upper atmosphere gives rise to the NNS .	2	7	VBZ	gives	give
for a progressive tax ( for example , where higher income tax units pay a greater fraction of their income as tax ) , the suits index is positive .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the court consists of an elected chief justice and eight elected associate NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
one newly placed town distance sign in NNP shows the name `` NNP '' .	5	8	VBZ	shows	show
the index provides valuable insight into the religious culture of the pagan NNP ( from the christian point of view ) and into the daily practices of christian missionaries working in that area .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the given agency is part of he structure of the ministry of industry and trade of the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if a patient VBZ about being `` run down '' , i 'd first check them for NN NN marks .	2	3	VBZ	complains	complain
the emergency department at NNP hospital medical center is one of only two in the san fernando valley that is certified as a trauma center .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
as with the case of trinity and NNP , water sport NNS find plenty of private and public NNS to meet their needs .	11	12	VBP	find	finds
a JJ material advantage is often enough to win in some NNS without NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the station takes its name from the name of the pass , and the resort area of NNP , which lies to its east .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
reference 11 is simply a continuation of the youtube line and is not a reliable reference .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS such as `` american machine tool NNS '' or `` japanese machine tool NNS '' would be JJ because , for example , companies like NNP and NNP NNP today have significant operations in many countries .	24	25	VBP	like	likes
another coin has `` 100 NNS '' NN , features 99 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
so , prior to launch , a NN mounted on the outside of the launch tube VBZ the electrical systems in the missile and supplies cold gas from a NNP NN to the missile NN assembly while the missile is still in the launch tube .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
jupiter 's surface is visible from NNP at any one time , the most limited view of jupiter from any of its NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some JJ NNS distinguish between institutional racism and `` structural racism '' ( sometimes called structured NN ) .	2	3	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
further success followed by the songs `` some hearts are diamonds '' , `` no arms can ever hold you '' , `` broken heroes '' , `` NN hearts '' , `` sarah '' and `` baby i miss you '' .	8	9	VBP	Are	Is
area code CD is the telephone area code covering the entire state of montana .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
political party support depends greatly on VBG the electorate along religious lines .	2	3	VBZ	depends	depend
things take a more personal turn when seth is attacked by charlie , who was just threatened about his own role being NN with nick cannon .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
NNS are static and sit in JJ solutions during JJ NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
when her husband is killed in the summer NN plague , her secret love affair with NNP continues .	14	17	VBZ	continues	continue
many supporters of native american NNS feel that the financial cost of changing NNS would far VB the benefits .	1	6	VBP	feel	feels
known for most of its length as NNP road , the state highway runs from md CD in berlin east to md CD at lewis corner .	12	13	VBZ	runs	run
so , the problem is although the words in one form or another existed in old english , for example , they did n't necessarily mean the same thing as they did later .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
there are teams that play RB with other NNP schools during the academic year ( the school has teams in soccer , basketball , NN , NNS , hockey and swimming ) .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
the river NNP forms part of the commune 's eastern border .	1	3	VBZ	forms	form
applications such as aerospace systems , life support systems , telecommunications , railway signals , and computers use great numbers of individual electronic components .	0	17	VBP	use	uses
august 22 , CD short song takes about two and half minutes to perform .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
the poems in ending with music tell the stories of events and people .	1	6	VBP	tell	tells
because purely distributed systems are difficult to construct , many researchers have turned to using explicit JJ plans to determine the NNS of their system .	3	4	VBP	are	is
my connection with statistics is somewhat in passing ( though i did a lot of work on statistical software ) , so i could have missed it , but i do not ever recall seeing such a usage .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the song starts with a spoken voice saying it 's a square dance mr marshall .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
changes in community composition are therefore also an expected product of climate change .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the album is a JJ nominee for the 2010 NNP music prize .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP index is a measure of electoral NN in party systems .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in most of these styles , the french production ranges from cheap and simple versions to some of the world 's most famous and expensive examples .	8	9	VBZ	ranges	range
the bridge carries the south west trains waterloo to reading line and the london waterloo to NNP service ( via the NNP branch ) and lies between NNP and NNP stations .	1	2	VBZ	carries	carry
as is stands now , the article is clearly an attack page .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
as it stands right now , this article is blatant advertising .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
along this segment , the two hidden state roads are n't exactly as hidden as they are in other parts of the state .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the three statues behind the altar represent the NNP madonna VBN by the NNS james the great and james the less and were VBN by antonio NNP in CD .	2	6	VBP	represent	represents
the settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of plymouth , massachusetts .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
we do not suppose that winter becomes spring , or say that spring becomes summer .	12	13	VBZ	becomes	become
if the optional second parameter is used , the display is ( JJ to NNP ) is hidden .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
describing himself RB as a NNP joke , a JJ dragon , franz NNP 's NN , an NN of JJ NN and a total eclipse , mario NNP sees himself `` VBG in a NNP dream , NN , JJ .	10	29	VBZ	sees	see
these bacteria convert these resulting organic acids into JJ acid , along with additional NN , hydrogen , and carbon dioxide .	1	2	VBP	convert	converts
NNP station is the main headquarters of the line and location of the locomotive and carriage NNS and workshops .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some leaders use relatively more elaborate tools such as NN value add ( NNP ) , computer modeling , and scenario planning .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
despite a NN of anonymous NNS of `` this person is famous '' in response to a recent csd , this person is non-notable .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
today the hall is open to the elements .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the initial evaluation of JJ cell lung cancer NN uses the NNP classification .	2	9	VBZ	uses	use
i can not explain the NN picture but the rest of the article is fine ) .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
their hosted solution allows users to highlight text and add JJ notes to web pages .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the title is yet another NN on `` hair '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
below , a researcher VBZ data to VB a NN noise model for NNP expressway .	3	4	VBZ	collects	collect
article is entirely plot , all citations come from NNP or creators sources themselves .	6	7	VBP	come	comes
annually , the airport serves about 1 million passengers and processes more than CD , 000 tons of air cargo .	3	4	VBZ	serves	serve
the NNP 's bow manages to fire a blast of smoke like a gun into the conductor 's face , VBG the NN of the pink VBZ a second time .	3	4	VBZ	manages	manage
this model of development combines the features of the NN and the NN model .	1	4	VBZ	combines	combine
matt 's initial attempt fails , causing NNP to VB out and hold NNP with his NN .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
shocked when the judge actually VBZ the crime , NNP and jennifer return the NN , but are charged for the theft themselves .	3	5	VBZ	commits	commit
the story of the NNPS begins with the six most talented girls chosen from this school .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin
by this part of the class , you should know what an ip address is and you should know that it contains four numbers , each from 0 to CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
as a result , the public car park at NNP is the most visited in the new forest .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
a NN is a natural NN where a NN produces numerous NNS which damage the location in which they fall .	8	9	VBZ	produces	produce
the reason i was blocked is that i raised issues that they did n't want to address .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if the NNP distance is below the decision threshold , a positive identification has effectively been made because of the statistical extreme NN that two different persons could agree by chance ( `` NN '' ) in so many bits , given the high NN of JJ templates .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other leading female musicians include NNP NNP formerly of the popular 80 's group NNP which split up and had members such as don NNP , andy brown among others .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
these so-called question word questions are much JJ to focus NNS in NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNS of the japanese NN 's dorsal fin are short and not separated from the JJ portion .	0	8	VBP	are	is
other major league baseball teams have a presence in the state as well .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the notion that there might actually be a serious coi is JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
features common to the NNP horn include a NN , .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
some JJ NNP languages , including NNP , have a fourth possibility , known ( somewhat RB ) as the NN or NN , which like the perfect is VBN with NNS only .	3	8	VBP	have	has
to be honest , this is really more a closure with `` no action required '' , as the concern is that this article requires a lot of cleanup and that any useful content needs to be merged into NNP .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the child VBZ the sea around the island of NNS in the indian ocean .	1	2	VBZ	recalls	recall
NNP magazine is notorious for their harsh NN of video games .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
frequently this theme is mixed with both NN before the unknown and a sense of wonder at the universe .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the aim of these guidelines is to assist NNS and general physicians identify patients who may benefit from NN to a NNP team .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
an interesting point , and that interpretation would have major implications as many NNP maps are in use on wikipedia .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the solution to the problem is a JJ JJ number with the additional condition that it contains the NNS 1 to 9 exactly once each .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
egypt , when most sections in egypt have a wiki article .	4	7	VBP	have	has
NNP mobility , NN software and NNP server based solutions are now available to both NN and cloud customers , and also supported on NNP , NNP and other ip NNP .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i checked on the NNP page and the NN account on the english wikipedia has zero edits .	9	14	VBZ	has	have
NNP articles are normally not considered relevant to decide if some afd is valid or not , and to decide if some article is worth keeping or not .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a JJ sentence or JJ sentence is a sentence with at least two independent NNS and one or more dependent NNS ( also known as subordinate NNS ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
anna 's husband , charlie NNP , feels as RB as frank does about environmental issues .	2	7	VBZ	feels	feel
the JJ NN 's JJ tail is longer than the length of its head and body together .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a unique game concept , similar to VB but in which multimedia sound and light shows on wall screens and JJ ceiling NNS add to the NN .	17	25	VBP	add	adds
this album comprises songs by the renowned american composer and songwriter cole porter .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
i trust that these scientists use the scientific method and that their results truly indicate something remarkable .	12	14	VBP	indicate	indicates
another version of this story says that the leader of this raid was abu NNP .	1	5	VBZ	says	say
some commercial NNS are JJ , that is , that in the event of default in NN , the NN can only VB the NN , but has no further claim against the NN for any remaining NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the references are the liner notes , and they are reliable .	1	2	VBP	are	is
nor policy applies to articles , not to VB questions , and you seem to have asked a perfectly valid ( if specialist and somewhat JJ ) question in a reasonably appropriate forum .	1	2	VBZ	applies	apply
i do accept actions , in general , as they happen ; process is not all but without it we have chaos .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the equivalent for female officers is a NN ' hat , which still VBZ the same protection as the male NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i have an interest in some korean topics due to personal history and related choices in study topics at school , so this and national NNS of korea are like NNS to me .	25	28	VBP	are	is
the greater brisbane area of queensland australia , has many species of indigenous flora .	3	8	VBZ	has	have
in the full quantum NN space is JJ , and its structure depends on the relative values of m and n .	11	12	VBZ	depends	depend
although no speech or text is used anywhere in the game aside from credits , the six flower dreams follow a narrative arc .	18	19	VBP	follow	follows
weak oppose , mainly because it seems a bad choice for a NN to show what a stadium is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
henry and NNP ( 1996 ) NN that all claims are to be considered valid , all social practices merely cultural variations , neither inherently inferior nor superior to any other .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i agree , the page is not stable .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NN companies are individual business while limited liability company ( 28 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
has been extensively edited and VBN , and in my JJ opinion the article is very well written .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
such forces include the JJ force and the NNP force .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the son in law once again goes to chennai and tells NNP to kill NNP NNP NNP without VBG his true identity .	1	6	VBZ	goes	go
the NNS contain preserved NNS of carbon that were previously thought to be traces of bacteria that VBD JJR NNS but are in fact NNS organic NNS of JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
when such sources come up here the question is usually not whether they are formally reliable , but whether they are more or less reliable than some other source .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
history in english words seeks to VB the history of western civilization by exploring the change in meanings of various words .	0	4	VBZ	seeks	seek
the shell reaches a length of 4 mm .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
the NN period is also around sixteen days .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
note that even if your connection is VBN , the administrator can know what the destination of that secure tunnel is - so that is why you should use a NN server .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
as in other buddhist NNS , these months have names that VBP from sanskrit , but for the most part are only known by thai NNS .	7	8	VBP	have	has
most historians believe that allan NNP hired NNS , but the books nonetheless bear his name and no doubt reflect his views .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
this house is today owned by NNP university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the soul VBZ perfectly in god , and does not , or can not desire anything else than god .	1	2	VBZ	rests	rest
an JJ poem has two meanings - a JJ meaning and a symbolic meaning .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
if a temporary employee arrives at a job assignment and is asked to perform duties not described when they accepted the job , they may call an agency representative for NN .	3	4	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the town continues to be a service centre for the farming sector , particularly to the north and northeast .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
common topics in the study of JJ NN include the comparison of folk NNS of dialect boundaries with traditional linguistic definitions , the examination of what factors influence folk NNS of variation , and what social characteristics individuals attribute to various dialects .	37	38	VBP	attribute	attributes
the whole section probably needs to be looked over and checked .	2	4	VBZ	needs	need
however , the government of afghanistan is aware of the importance of these structures and all efforts are being made to repair , VB and maintain ( through the community ) the NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a google search for `` bicycle license '' finds that licensing the bicycle ( as opposed to licensing the rider ) is quite common -- this easily VBZ your second criterion .	2	8	VBZ	finds	find
the NN , NN and NN and VBD links in this paragraph are similarly VBG if the reader is not familiar with these terms .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in biology , the use of latin is to eliminate NNS , for many reasons listed at this article .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN snake is a nest NN of NNP NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ observations are in general correct , often novel , and always highly interesting .	2	3	VBP	are	is
sunshine review addresses several areas of NN , including state spending , state sunshine laws , and rating local government websites on NN .	19	20	VBZ	websites	website
mountain peaks in the park reach an elevation of 2 , 600 meters above sea level .	1	5	VBP	reach	reaches
my main aim , if i become a coordinator , is to VB some major article issues such as stubs , NN , NN , etc , which are my main NNS .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the school mascot is a NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i thought the NN was , but the version it modified on june 16th looks ok now too , so it was probably somebody VBG around with a template somewhere .	8	14	VBZ	looks	look
the typical NN size is two to three eggs ( occasionally four ) , of which up to two NNS are commonly VBN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS usually ride a NN adapted with a large NN and VB themselves with a NN .	1	3	VBP	ride	rides
the assertion that the references are only in the howard stern universe is JJ .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
due to this placement , sun fans take advantage of the restaurants , shops and other destinations in the casino before and after games .	6	7	VBP	take	takes
another friend NNP , the NN of the NN has the strength of 10 NNS and can VB mountains with his NNS .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
there are some reports of higher temperatures destroying the strength of the NN , one of the reasons this plant is so loved .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
it may well be that he is influential in the norwegian history community , but bare NNS of that carry no weight ; we need actual evidence .	16	19	VBP	carry	carries
the women enter the NN , but are VBN by the appearance of NNP , and JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	enter	enters
same-sex couples are not eligible to adopt a child in indonesia .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some JJ ruins still exist ( not .	2	4	VBP	exist	exists
the museum exhibits works , cultural contributions , achievements , writings and images of NNP NNP NNP in his lifetime .	1	2	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
their home stadium is NNP stadium .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story is that one chester lost a fortune due to a woman 's NN , and presented the town with the instrument of torture out of anger and spite .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP junior high school 's sister school is NNP middle school in seattle .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the idea behind this is to speed up file system operations by VBG NN of the tree and only writing to disk when necessary , as writing to disk is thousands of times slower than writing to memory .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP series bike is an important NN in the post british era indian motor cycle history .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP machines make use of the fact that body tissue contains lots of water , and hence NNS ( CD NN ) , which will be aligned in a large magnetic field .	9	10	VBZ	contains	contain
since the photographer has probably been dead for more than 70 years , the image is probably in the public domain .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
bugs NNS NNP on his `` mean NN '' but informs him that the best thing to have with a NN is `` wild turkey surprise , '' not rabbit .	15	21	VBZ	is	are
a review of that block is welcome .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some swords have double ( NN ) or triple ( NN ) blades .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP 's musical career spans several genres , including jazz , pop , and classical .	3	4	VBZ	spans	span
fair use in argentina national rugby union IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
like its ' neighbours NNP island , and christian island , the JJ island is part of an NNP reserve .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the race has its own special features and its own magic .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in the JJS common NN problem , the two sequences x and y are given and the task is to find a NN possible common NN of these sequences .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in most cases a simulation event includes JJ characters , groups , and political situations .	5	6	VBZ	includes	include
JJ architecture is diverse and ancient .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the ancient sources agree that NNP was a JJ .	2	3	VBP	agree	agrees
his stand is that it is JJ of being included as it is not noteworthy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of 3 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
once the expansion was finished , the land was VBN back to the NNPS with the exception of the new canal alignment , its NN ( part of which is today the five locks walk ) and a JJ meant to be used as housing for the lock tender .	26	29	VBZ	is	are
the NN usually features interviews with people involved with the new and the old series of doctor who and big finish .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
this article is pure original research .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when an air mass is unstable , the element of the air mass that is displaced NNS is VBN by the pressure differential between the displaced air and the NN air at the ( higher ) altitude to which it was displaced .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
adults do school to form VBG NNS or temporarily while hunting , with evidence from laboratory studies indicates VBP RB are able to coordinate these NNS over coral NNS based on the release of NN ( NNP ) from the reef .	0	1	VBP	do	does
NNP retail stores offer JJ and branded college , major professional sports teams , as well as other specialty fashion categories all in the latest styles and colors .	2	3	VBP	offer	offers
the oldest JJ plains unit in the map area is the NN plains material , originally described by NNP and guest .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the faces are round or oval with JJ NN root , their bridge being medium and the profile straight , NNS are thin to the medium , hair tends to be RB .	20	21	VBP	are	is
and the perceived quality level of the article is not a valid reason to delete it .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
each VBN model comes with a slight variation in the various model parameters .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the western border of the neighborhood VBZ into the city of NNP , colorado , an NN of denver .	2	6	VBZ	merges	merge
the seven main NNS of the jewish district of NNP constitute the largest such complex in europe next to prague .	3	10	VBP	constitute	constitutes
this type is less frequent .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
jump for joy is a 1959 album by NNP lee , arranged and conducted by nelson NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the game features three levels through which the player 's movement is automated on a VBN path .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
in march 1983 , the NNP warned that blood products `` appear responsible for aids among JJ patients .	9	11	VBP	appear	appears
however , this system still fails to meet the demand for passenger service .	3	5	VBZ	fails	fail
she went to paris on 19 january 1856 ( the society dates its foundation from this day ) ; three days later , NNP obtained the permission of the local archbishop to establish her congregation in paris .	10	11	VBZ	dates	date
the commissions include archives and history , christian unity and NNP concerns , communications , religion and race , the status and role of women , and united methodist men .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
money for nothing is a greatest hits album by british rock band NNP NNP released in 1988 .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the story is about teenage secondary school girls named NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game is over once all of kelly 's lives are lost .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first twelve floors contain office space .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
JJ parts are covered with NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
keep the article is just not properly sourced .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when editing an article from an older NN however , the [ show changes ] button no longer shows the NN .	15	18	VBZ	shows	show
the station has a basic JJ service in each direction on NNS ( increasing to VB on NNP ) , VBN by a number of JJ stops by longer distance trains on the south NNP and liverpool - norwich routes .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the problem is large enough that it is taking up significant time and thus preventing the creation and improvement of new articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my interest stems from the fact that no successful prosecution for either murder or NN has ever VBN as a result of the NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	stems	stem
i find it very interesting that the jewish view of NN ( that JJ negative comments are an NN against truth and the NN of man ) is the one that an JJ whom i greatly respect has explained to me is taught by the NNS .	15	16	VBP	are	is
five railway lines connect the town to most corners of NNP and the region , and the town is known as the `` gateway to wales '' .	2	3	VBP	connect	connects
the school holds NNP silver , the local authority 's inclusion mark and the international school award .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
as the alleged NN proceeds , NNS say they will walk or be VBN into an alien craft , often through solid objects like walls or a window .	6	7	VBP	say	says
NNP of NNP could not have been the author ; only his name is similar .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
i believe the article is very strong , but this is the first one i 've ever worked on to this degree , so i am hoping to continue to learn from experienced editors about top quality at wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
mall of sofia is a shopping centre in the centre of sofia , the capital of bulgaria .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
just one individual NN who died in a JJ conflict , and tragic though each individual loss of life is ( as is the whole conflict itself ) , just dying in conflict is not sufficiently notable .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the most recent reports both come from 1898 , one describing a large NN seen near NNP , the other a huge creature NN to a monitor NN which threatened a NN in NNP before VBG into a NNP tree .	3	5	VBP	come	comes
on the other hand , the phase part of the NNP operator , in conjunction with the algebra of functions , gives a NNP which VBZ JJ information .	7	21	VBZ	gives	give
roads and trails in the state forest are also open for NN riding and mountain NN .	0	7	VBP	are	is
when a JJ officer NNS officials , they are more likely to be chosen for reasons related to the benefit of the superior than the NN of the new hire .	5	8	VBP	are	is
basically the article is tiny and fairly useless as it simply lists the name of the college and location - something that is easily taken care of in a list of such colleges ( VBG i personally would VB ) ; here it is just taking up space .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
page is full of instances of self promotion .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
these people RB think for themselves , RB network , RB keep several balls in the air at once .	1	3	VBP	think	thinks
low ) this article has good information but needs to cite more of it .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
while the red flag approach stops the market after the crisis has VBN , the yellow flag would try to avoid the crisis in the first place , thus allowing exchange 's activity to proceed JJ .	4	5	VBZ	stops	stop
but , one day , a strange man named NNP asks her to join a famous boy band called a .	7	10	VBZ	asks	ask
although a side note to the mainstream of norwegian literature , the literature which documents the experience of norwegian NNS to america is as important as the norwegian immigrants became to the growing america of the 19th century .	3	22	VBZ	is	are
styles of NN in drama is one of the main breeds of NNP clay sculpture , another main breed is the whole body of character of drama .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
under germany 's copyright law , article 72 , any copyright has long since expired .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
delete , article just describes a non-notable spam phenomenon .	2	4	VBZ	describes	describe
the covering space has as base space the VBN complex plane .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
a jet NN ( or NN , or jet ) is an NN that uses jet engine NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
imagine it is something similar to the decision an admin takes in order to judge if an article is candidate for speedy deletion or not .	9	10	VBZ	takes	take
other findings include JJ NNS , and JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i do n't think a redirect is necessary either .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
by most definitions , characters need not have actual NN powers to be deemed NNS , although sometimes terms such as JJ NNS are used to refer to those without such powers who have many other common traits of NNS .	4	5	VBP	need	needs
NNP 's degree college is a degree college in NNP , andhra pradesh , india .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the area comprises 10 municipalities , and is crossed from south to north by the NNP river which , being born to its south in the town of NNP , it takes on the name of rio NNP in the north , in the municipality of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
stanford 's team name is `` cardinal , '' referring to the NN red color ( not the common song bird as at several other schools ) , and the university has never been able to come up with an official mascot .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
single phase ac motors and NN motors require additional devices for VBG rotation .	3	7	VBP	require	requires
my second motivation is that the characters VBP me .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he added , `` in the rare instances when the show VBZ with JJ NN , it VBZ by speaking a universal language of NN and NNS .	10	11	VBZ	communicates	communicate
the official languages are NNP and other languages determined by law .	2	3	VBP	are	is
roberts NNP , one of the companies involved in the rescue operation , said , `` the rescue NN therefore has to be carefully designed and implemented .	18	20	VBZ	has	have
most NNS now look like simple , JJ trees although some have more distinctive appearances which include faces .	8	11	VBP	have	has
the egyptian government says that he belongs to the terrorist group NN .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
no , because the talk page is on the list of character talk page , not the NN talk page .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
music writer and historian NNP NNP wrote that `` the album VBZ the JJ style of the group .	10	11	VBZ	enhances	enhance
only this anonymous editor seems to have a problem with my edits .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
these estimates differ from census figures because census figures do not count `` temporary '' visitors and workers , and NNP are counted as muslim .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
in the NN NNP reveals that the man VBG as andrew NNP is an NN , robert NNP , who took his place after the real NNP died in africa .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the link NNP space takes you to a NN of the NNP space article .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
for JJ NN , not like terrestrial plants and animals , water is never a problem .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the chief concern i have is , in many places the article merely lists names of authors adding little else about the literary work or its highlight or criticisms ( sort of fa 4 ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
regardless , the engineer VBZ her from NNP NNP 's attacks .	3	4	VBZ	protects	protect
for example , almost every article in the wikipedia is a synthesis of sources since that is what an encyclopedia is supposed to do .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the reaction takes place around a NN - NN carbon to carbon JJ bond with an JJ hydrogen atom NN and a JJ group .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
if two teams finish level on points , goal difference is used to separate them .	2	3	VBP	finish	finishes
this article refers to the radio 2 in australia .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
to my us english ears , the phrase , including the word accuracy , looks fine .	7	14	VBZ	looks	look
despite this NN process , NNP 's genius kept the NNS NN and VBD , and a spiritual light seems to VB as a NN across faces , hands , NN , and sky .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem
his affiliation with NNP is not any more an NN of notability as my affiliation with wikipedia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the rate of charge is proportional to the intensity of incoming light .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
students from NNP school still play hockey on `` long pond '' , a pond proclaimed by some as the `` NNP of hockey '' , located at the farm of howard NNP .	0	5	VBP	play	plays
the team name is the `` NNP rams .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNP links , connecting more than two points , are rare .	2	10	VBP	are	is
a NN pump using this technology has ce mark approval and is in clinical trials for us NNP approval .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
escape from NNP is a 1962 american action film directed by ronald NNP and starring NNP NNP , anthony NNP , james mason and jack NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
these concerns are not enough to lead me to oppose , but i can not support .	1	2	VBP	are	is
recurring guest voices include NNP alan , alex NNP , writer NNP butler , voice actor chris cox , actor ralph NNP , writer mark NNP , writer danny smith , writer NNP NNP , writer john NNP , and actor adam west .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
RB , in cells with sufficient NNS , NN activity is high , which breaks down NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
as excess sodium is VBN by the NNS , blood pressure drops accordingly .	10	11	VBZ	drops	drop
the following section presents a summary of the plan as presented to the board of NNPS and discussed in the december 2008 public meetings .	2	3	VBZ	presents	present
before the NN connection is formed this terminal segment contains two NNS ( depicted as green and orange circles in figure 3 ) .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
western armenian is spoken by the armenian NN , mainly in north america and south america , europe and most of the middle east except for iran , where the armenian population because of proximity to armenia uses eastern armenian , while keeping the traditional JJ spelling .	31	37	VBZ	uses	use
artists include sidney NNP , the NNP brothers , NNP NNP , NNP smith , the four NNPS , al harris and NN lance NNP , the first musician ever produced by chris NNP , founder of island records .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
ii patients can make VBG more difficult and VB a risk of NN , especially in sleep when muscles are more JJ .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the company has a civil reserve air fleet contract with the united states department of defense .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
overall their NNP article is not as bad as it could have been though certainly it has lots of problems .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some areas have special rare monster breeds that can not be found anywhere else , and once the player finds these rare monsters , they will be able to VB them and raise them on their ranch .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the state is already a NN fit ' for us , else we would n't be moving there .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
despite being housed in the same building , the district offices have an address of CD s .	10	11	VBP	have	has
for these reasons , i believe that its use on wikipedia is fair use .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
tone systems fall into two broad patterns , according to whether NN NNS exist .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
NNP would include everything , but the alternative medicine aspect still has NNS .	9	11	VBZ	has	have
the fact that other articles are potential candidates for deletion does not mean this one should stay up .	4	5	VBP	are	is
head peninsula is an unlikely place to find JJ japanese cuisine , but this JJ restaurant falls into that category .	15	16	VBZ	falls	fall
the group successfully reaches the water but NNP 's JJ behavior results in much being lost , and the others decide to VB him .	11	20	VBP	decide	decides
because NNS is a broad , JJ field , many institutions offer NNS courses through various other departments , such as physics , architecture , or a particular discipline of engineering .	10	11	VBP	offer	offers
i 'm assuming that the copyright holder is the NNP estate or the closely related NNP river museum - which do have a reputation for being pretty careful with copyright - which is , of course , their right .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some people say the camera loves me , the truth is , i love the camera .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the NNS responsible for editing and publishing the newsletter are ian rose and NNP .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the song 's main phrase is a NN and VBG NN , to which the NNS and vocal NN typical of marsh NNS are added .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at NNP , the NN station has to cope with the second largest NN rise and fall in the world , making these waters some of the most hostile .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the second duet is a NN , VBG the words `` NNP , NN NNP , VBD NN NNP '' ( come , you christians , come to dance ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
given that the question is about the us , and that the us already requires a minimum age for presidential candidates , and that an JJ NN will never reach that age ( 35 ) by definition , your last question would be RB academic .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its businesses cover the entire oil and gas chain , from JJ oil and natural gas exploration and production to power generation , transportation , NN , petroleum product marketing , and international JJ oil and product trading .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
while considering human NN , the doctor quotes `` [ for NNS rush in ] where angels fear to VB '' , from alexander pope 's an essay on criticism .	16	17	VBP	fear	fears
a production company picks up the idea and agrees to fund it .	2	3	VBZ	picks	pick
NNP 's publisher is ralph NNP , sr .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the park is property of the wood NN enterprise NNP NNP y NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , and no third-party NNS are necessary to make it work .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the NNP road is a regional road in ireland which runs NN from the NNP at NNP to the NNP in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the usual NN for NN boats is below the dam , where the highway crosses the river .	13	14	VBZ	crosses	cross
the orchestra now operates as a public company with a board of directors .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
the original source of this image is luis NNP from perth , australia .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the `` finding a place '' section is not even close to the bin JJ section .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
he compared the cities of glasgow and liverpool by saying that `` RB there is nothing like the JJ situation in liverpool because the supporters of liverpool and NNP are a mixed bunch whose religion is football '' .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the added space in itself is not vandalism ( and note that NNP was the one claiming that it was vandalism ) , making NNS like that one with the sole purpose of having a VBG edit summary is disruptive though .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
exercise NN when using NN tools , as many JJ NNS are the result of NN errors when VBG them .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP primary is one school , which is known in particular as being VBN by a VBG volunteer teacher base from western , and RB english speaking nations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
legend has it that his son was taken as a child and became a NNP , and the NNP authored a special prayer for the son 's return .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
NN , proposed that the united states transfer three liberty ships or similar vessels to soviet NN , and that these ships carry soviet personnel to cold bay , presumably from ports in the soviet far east , but the allied shipping NN blocked this idea as well .	21	22	VBP	carry	carries
white NNP has pursued a life of farming but had difficulty succeeding with crops on the limited agricultural lands of the reservation , where physical conditions are harsh and challenging .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the admission rate at beijing film academy is one of the lowest in the country , as well as RB .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
normal NN volume range is around CD to CD per 24 hours .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the final scene shows the NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
although the underlying ideas are much older , the term `` global brain '' was apparently coined in 1982 by peter russell in his book the global brain .	3	4	VBP	are	is
flowers are less than 3 mm long .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the show VBZ around NNP jane `` p .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
this atom has a particularly simple structure .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in this use , the strike is JJR and more controlled than either the shot or the NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
take public transportation ( cities such as toledo provide free bus service on NNP action days ) .	4	8	VBP	provide	provides
the term `` JJ '' is more commonly used to refer to any neighborhoods within the central part of the city .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the school is in school improvement ii NNP status .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
lady NN tells lord fear she plans a way to destroy mark , and VBZ into NNP .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the NNP article already includes the info on usage and NN .	2	4	VBZ	includes	include
this system allows NNS to screen potential NNS ; many NNS refuse entry to those who are RB VBN , as well as to be known NNS .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
support this is clearly another excellent list of tallest buildings from .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
from NNP to NNP , a distance of 32 km , the valley rises CD m .	12	13	VBZ	rises	rise
blue murder is a canadian crime drama television series , featuring stories that reflected the NN of urban life and the crimes that make NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
movement along the JJ zone helps explain how the south american continent could have fitted RB to the african continent before the NN of NNP .	0	5	VBZ	helps	help
despite these NNS , certain aspects of the real NNP still remain .	5	11	VBP	remain	remains
the rangers template needs fixing so it points ( with NN ) to this page ) .	1	2	VBP	template	templates
anonymous ip users keep changing any of my edits that try to make it less of an advertising page and much less NN .	2	3	VBP	keep	keeps
the only information that should be in the main NNP NNP article is a section noting the people who played him .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
parts of summit lawn are in upper NNP township while others are in salisbury township .	0	4	VBP	are	is
while NNS and JJ towards humans , the VBN NN ray is capable of VBG an VBG wound with its JJ tail NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP race appears in the alternate JJ star fleet universe , represented in the range of games from NNP design bureau inc .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
similarly , if an article title includes NNS ( NNS ) , that portion and any following it will not be VBN , since it is assumed to be a JJ term such as `` ( film ) '' , not part of the film title itself .	5	6	VBZ	includes	include
the source you identify is the former ; a blog posting without either an author or actual data .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
another major event in the city is the NNP marathon , organised by NNP , which is held every year on the first weekend of october since 2005 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
comment - that sounds like a good idea .	0	3	VBZ	sounds	sound
the only exception to this is spells of NN , which NNP kept from her ( as stated in the NNP limited series ) to ensure she never escaped NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
rather than going back and editing each occurrence ( and future ) , a redirect seems reasonable .	14	15	VBZ	seems	seem
the fine arts museum 's collection now contains NNS , a few portraits and NN from the NNP family .	5	7	VBZ	contains	contain
some life scientists and earth scientists use RB in a more limited sense .	2	6	VBP	use	uses
the underground press comes out in small quantities , is often JJ , NNS on the thin ice of JJ subjects , and never carries ads for designer NNS .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
running parallel to those stories , another version of NNP has adventures ; as the inventor of time travel technology in the NNP universe .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
if all the models in the candidate set have the same number of parameters , then using NNP might at first appear to be very similar to using the JJ test .	3	8	VBP	have	has
the tomb is rather roughly VB from the rock , and the decoration is poor .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
he VBZ the process again , but the head comes off and lands near a girl mouse picking flowers .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
to NNS , the benefits include not VBG or VBG users into blocking , VBG or VBG their products or websites .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
some teachers turn abusive and JJ , ignoring the basic meaning of this code item .	1	2	VBP	turn	turns
dental JJ studies from 1977 by NNP and NN others show dental NNS stop this progressive loss and VB the bone over the long term .	2	10	VBP	show	shows
the region is so RB VBN that opposition parties find it difficult to hold even small private meetings .	8	9	VBP	find	finds
the article , while being fairly obviously not neutral , tells us enough about their business model to show that it is not particularly remarkable , much less JJ .	1	10	VBZ	tells	tell
i think a hard username block is in order for this one .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS tend to like watching people produce NNS with NN or producing NNS themselves .	6	7	VBP	produce	produces
collections include english georgian and american federal period furniture , early NNP NNS , silver , chinese export NN , and JJ and JJ art .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the oldest building is not kirk building , but is instead the physical NNP memorial library was named after samuel m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one batch of 40 to 50 persons starts everyday from 1 may to 31 may .	1	7	VBZ	starts	start
my two NNS is that it should fail , first , because all edits to wikipedia must be made by consensus if challenged and , second , because the letter of policies and guidelines is the standing consensus of the community until changed .	29	34	VBZ	is	are
other towns within the commune include NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the flowers remain on the VBG NNS as up to 25 NNS develop .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
this type of NN is not to be confused with a comic book annual , which is typically a companion publication to an established ongoing series .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
military cases have JJ NNS , and VBG leaves a slight ridge that VBZ seating a new NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
as it is , a hoax organization has no place having an article , even if its status as a hoax is RB noted within the article .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the second mystery often begins in the brown garage on NNP avenue , where encyclopedia has set up his own detective agency to help neighborhood children solve cases for `` 25 NNS per day , plus expenses - no case too small .	2	4	VBZ	begins	begin
while the NN NN is a heavy blade for easy cutting through thin bones , the blade is not suitable for VBG vegetables , as the NN blade can break the JJ NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the body that owns the league is turtle entertainment .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a widely popular NN of the hotel is its JJ distribution of fresh VBN NNS and hot apple NN in the main lobby .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
their typical NN is a leather NN and a tight helmet , and their main weapons are NNS and swords .	15	16	VBP	are	is
NNP township is a class b municipality , which is located at the extreme north of the NN by the NNP NNP highway .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the numbering scheme follows that of the international numbering system ( NNP ) as determined by the NNP NNP committee , though only a subset of the NNP NNS are approved for use in the european union as food NNS .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
NN 's version is also featured in the 1993 film point of no return , in which the protagonist uses the code name `` nina '' and VBZ to be a longtime fan of NNP 's music .	18	19	VBZ	uses	use
the JJ glass in the east window dates from 1841 and is by d .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the distance to NNP is .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a regulatory region shared by almost all genes is known as the NN , which provides a position that is recognized by the transcription machinery when a gene is about to be VBN and expressed .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the city 's industries include NN , NN and silver working .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the distinction between primary and secondary sources is sometimes a matter of common sense .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
rather than incorporating a proprietary NN language , the editor has a NNP interface designed for use by all users .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
filmed mainly on location in england from may to june 1960 , the film 's cast includes a number actors who would appear in later anderson productions .	15	16	VBZ	includes	include
other smaller NNS include changing the lighting , NNS and seats in the arena to the colour blue .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the cost of this is generally very high , as the VBG country loses all control over monetary policy , and all the benefits of NN .	12	13	VBZ	loses	lose
wikipedia NN takes the position that any non JJ inclusion of NN material is less than ideal .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the committee therefore meets in camera and its reports are strictly JJ .	8	9	VBP	are	is
several pairs of paintings exist in which NNP and NNP , working JJ , depicted the same scenes ( la NNP , 1869 ) .	1	4	VBP	exist	exists
given the NNS of scientific NN , some conclude that as a science VBZ , it indeed VBZ NN , which concept is key in folk science since it raises NN of scientific explanation , but is dropped as a science VBZ since it VBZ precision of scientific explanation .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP green ideas sleep RB a sentence VBN by NNP NNP to demonstrate that a sentence can be JJ yet JJ .	2	3	VBP	sleep	sleeps
although some people do certain things over and over again , they do not necessarily perform these actions RB .	2	3	VBP	do	does
if JJ NN ( NNP ) input NNS are used , only the oldest NN is available for VBG .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
some NNS VBP that the NNP which appear in certain NNP solutions might be ruled out by a future theory of quantum gravity which would replace NNP , an idea which stephen NNP has labeled the NN protection NN .	1	2	VBP	speculate	speculates
their origin , abundance , and distribution is one of the most JJ , informative , and JJ books i have ever read , and my interests are biology and linguistics , not chemistry or physics .	26	27	VBP	are	is
physicians use a device called an NN to look inside the ear , and such a device could be made which clips onto an NN , according to one report .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
many NNS encourage frequent NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	encourage	encourages
today , the area includes a bank , a police station , post office , ferry station ( on the great sound , beside NNP bridge ) , library , a number of shops , small hotels , NNS and restaurants , and a boat club .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
NNP ethnic group occurs after islam due to synthetic of NNP NNS with iranian populations ( around CD years ago ) .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
each area has two NNS and three learning modules .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
each night the people eat a large meal together , VBG in a great feast of the final sunday .	3	4	VBP	eat	eats
both principles require that a service contain only a specific type of logic e .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
her daughter NNP has been quoted as saying `` the truth is NNP NNP was JJ , NN , JJ , very skilled at putting difficult or JJ things out of her mind , and without a trace of maternal NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN NNP NN , whose JJ VBG light displays occur in NN , is native to the NNP mountains with a population NN near NNP , tennessee .	10	11	VBP	occur	occurs
an image NN is a JJ change in the intensity or color in an image .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the industrial area is home to many technology companies near the airport ( which RB is the location of where weather reports are taken for the weather network ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP cycle is 76 years long -- approximately 4 times longer than the NNP cycle , with one less solar day in the full cycle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
life status page i linked to above , a NN with that period is already known .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the album opens with `` push the button '' , an JJ pop , NN and electronic song .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
his son , barry , is a prominent film critic and broadcaster , and his daughter , NNP , is a script editor and director .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the top 6 ancestry groups in the city are norwegian ( 49 .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the smaller northern prayer hall dates to the first phase of construction .	4	5	VBZ	dates	date
the island is a mess as people worry and VBP that the town will never be the same again .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , the current version looks nothing like it was back then .	4	5	VBZ	looks	look
the landing site is a smooth region in `` NNP '' VBZ 51 of NNP NNP inside the crater in front of the mountain .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
please know that the NNP site receives no funding for its NN and we pay nothing to listen .	5	6	VBZ	receives	receive
the depression usually VBZ a third of the ice sheet or glacier 's NN .	1	3	VBZ	totals	total
the reason we can not rely on religion alone , is that there are different JJ definitions of who constitute the followers of the jewish religion ( or , in most cases , others religions also ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
this part contains specific recommendations for presenting and representing information on visual displays .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
neighboring districts are ( from the west NN ) si NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP NNP of NNP province , NNP NNP and NNP NNP NNP of NNP province .	1	2	VBP	are	is
nearby settlements include the towns of NNP and NNP and the hamlet of VBG NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
survey shows that twice as many people use senior adult activity center as originally anticipated .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
unlike the early american settlers very few people today have the time to make their own NNS .	7	9	VBP	have	has
NNP , NN and wireless keyboards are vulnerable .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the generation of nerve signals is another example , in which the membrane of a nerve NN causes slight NN of sodium NNS through sodium channels , resulting in a change in the membrane potential , which in turn causes more opening of channels , and so on .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the 2013 eastern kentucky NNP football team represents eastern kentucky university during the 2013 ncaa division i VBP football season .	6	7	VBZ	represents	represent
NNP design patterns portal is a wiki NN of JJ components and practices for NN design , and also maintains a list of JJ NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the village also contains a NN station and NN .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
an example is the filipino company called NNS , a subsidiary of NNP NNP and turner broadcasting .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ research has found that this is more likely to occur when the child has NNS or NNS as well as when there are lacking resources due to factors such as poverty , other children requiring resources , and no male support .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
although some NNS can be seen to be VBG slightly on ice , the effect is much more subtle .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the first letter is either NN p or c to represent primitive or centered unit cells .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thus , the pair has a camera crew following them around the NNP studios , when they are not on the sets , and a live studio audience , when they are working on the sets .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
i think protecting the page as suggested by the previous poster is a good idea , especially if interest in keeping the article up to a good standard remains low , making it an easy target .	18	28	VBZ	remains	remain
if the NN frequency is sufficiently large compared to the collision frequency , the average JJ cross section will change , and so will the transport properties .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at NNP , an explosion occurs at the police station , which is still loyal to the authorities in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
eight men eat breakfast at a los angeles NN before their planned diamond NN .	1	2	VBP	eat	eats
the world is full of objects , more or less interesting ; i do not wish to add any more .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the practice requires prayers and the NN NN to be VBN by practitioners for JJ hours a day throughout the period of the retreat .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
the next chapter describes the rise of NNP NNP , one of the primary NNS of the story .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
for the challenge in the following day , the girls have to do a photo shoot in a small box while creating a unique NN that filled the entire box .	9	10	VBP	have	has
edward and NNP are the eldest of four sons whose father , david NNP is a production designer and mother , NNP bennett is an actress .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
l ( t ) is labour ; this is simply the number of people in work , and since growth models are long run models they tend to ignore JJ unemployment effects , assuming instead that the labour force is a constant fraction of an expanding population .	20	21	VBP	are	is
milton NNP in the evening standard compared the songs to `` penny NNS at a state funeral '' , while robert NNP of the observer felt `` NNP NNP 's score is the best he has written for the theater .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
spirit of the NNP is a public art work by american artist mark NNP , located on the north side of milwaukee , wisconsin .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
perhaps the most famous NNP tradition is `` NNP !	5	6	VBZ	is	are
all minor star trek characters generally seem to be VBG on merge to list of star trek characters .	4	6	VBP	seem	seems
the name of the town is often RB abbreviated to `` NNP '' ( ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one notable animal is the JJ jumping spider , that can live at over of elevation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the nearest airport is the NNP airport , about away .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the husband discover her intentions but he died suddenly before being able to change his will .	1	2	VBZ	discover	discovers
the following table shows a list of NNS currently open in ireland .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
a warm core ring is a type of NN NNS which breaks off from the gulf stream , creating an independent NN system of warm water which can VB itself for several months .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
candy 's ghost then appears and says `` i would have been RB .	2	4	VBZ	appears	appear
a large amount of primary sourcing ( and there are , indeed , such sources , namely the multiple books in which i believe this character appears ) contributes a great deal toward depth of coverage and quality .	25	26	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP NN files have the .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the disputes are over relatively small areas of the article .	1	2	VBP	are	is
vacation foods , also known as `` food blocks '' ( or `` weekend blocks '' for smaller versions ) , are designed to be placed inside the NN to VB feeding while the owner is absent .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
accessed december 19 , 2011 this site refers to st .	6	7	VBZ	refers	refer
by contrast , a search on `` american board of NNP psychology '' VBZ CD hits , including a website for the board itself ; the website of the `` american academy of NNP psychology '' has a listing of CD NNS ( [ 31 ] ) .	26	36	VBZ	has	have
the bay has sufficient NNS for day visitors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
SYM - namely the purpose of a good redirect is to eliminate the possibility that an average user will wind up VBG RB at a `` search results JJ out of CD '' search page instead of the article they were looking for .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
i think that information is too technical for this article .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP , your NN is rather NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the dancers are side by side as they turn around to face back across the set , the gentleman walking RB as the lady continues to walk forward .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this material is JJ and hard , as well as NN to chemical attack .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the arms show the head of a JJ horse .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
his favorite surface is hard court and he considers his NNS to be his NN and serve .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
within san francisco bay area , the company also operates ice NN facilities in san jose , oakland and NNP under the VBG `` sharks ice '' .	7	9	VBZ	operates	operate
as the sort team attempts to VB hughes , NNP goes in first to try to reason with him as a means of preventing hughes from doing anything crazy .	3	4	VBZ	attempts	attempt
again in the JJ war in the pacific and in the american civil war captured enemy prizes that were not considered `` VB '' enough to be sold for prize money often became stores ships for a naval force operating where no friendly ports are nearby .	43	44	VBP	are	is
the JJ NNS are the ones that need to come here .	2	3	VBP	are	is
moreover , their daily patterns have many other similarities .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the leaves contain two NNS , with the end two being bigger than the first two so the leaf VBZ slightly on still days .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the JJ athletic league to which columbia university belongs , the NNP league , also includes brown university , cornell university , NNP college , harvard university , university of pennsylvania , princeton university , and yale university .	3	15	VBZ	includes	include
when your stomach muscles give out , roll over and do NNS .	3	4	VBP	give	gives
the first recorded visit from the west is the arrival of ferdinand NNP on NNP island , southeast of NNP on 16 march CD .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the human or animal content seen in the card is almost RB classified as male rather than female , and the qualities expressed by the subject may indicate attitudes toward men and authority .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the only thing i think would be useful is change to the software so that request to sign your comment would be shown RP when editing talk pages , but in a more visible place , for instance just before `` save page '' .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
track 13 is an unreleased NN also from 1994 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the ability to follow basic logic is a very critical skill for administrators , RB far more important than the ability to make 25 articles .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
one type of food testing strip is an NN enzyme JJ test .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's chief of state is king NNP iv , who has ruled since CD NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
moreover , the findings suggest that NN and hunger are controlled by different JJ mechanisms .	3	4	VBP	suggest	suggests
despite what some see as problems and NNS , tests are very successful in measuring the things they are designed to measure .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the college offers associate of arts and associate of science degrees , as well as certificate and applied science programs that prepare students for skilled NNS such as NN and industrial electricity .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
all notes refer to works listed in the NNP , below .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers
NNP animal communities also exist around the continent .	2	4	VBP	exist	exists
the length remains uniform over the back , until beyond the NNS , when the NNS VBP again and reach their maximum length midway down the tail at .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
us system uses the NN of a horizon as a NN feature , while the australian system does not .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
NNS live in groups called troops .	0	1	VBP	live	lives
they use NNP ( geographic information system ) to determine training sites , figure out what areas have historic value , where eagle NNS are and much more .	23	24	VBP	are	is
the lack of reliable independent sources would seem to indicate that the article is a too soon at best .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the score contains NNP 's most JJ tribute to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the present name of the town refers to an NNP NN , a folk poet ( CD ) .	2	6	VBZ	refers	refer
as with `` rain '' , these tracks illustrate the JJ backgrounds of their creators .	7	8	VBP	illustrate	illustrates
a screenplay for the movie version is in active development .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's selling point is that the entire JJ NN , including NNS , is not significantly larger than a standard camp cooking pot .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the squadrons that form the NNP include those operating NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's board of directors includes david williams of friends of the NNP valley , lynn hunter and linda NNP .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
your views are clearly far , far outside the mainstream .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , an aquatic planet does n't guarantee the battlefield will be in an aquatic part of the planet ; for all the player knows , the battle could take place in a desert .	23	24	VBZ	knows	know
JJ variations are available changing from location and NNS , the unusual ones being JJ JJ NN and russian NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
all NNS have a health meter , which must be VBN for rocket to progress any further .	1	2	VBP	have	has
it also requires that NNS VBP all JJ energy conservation .	4	5	VBP	undertake	undertakes
and this page also has two links near the bottom to both the basic and advanced table editors for each table in the page .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
in the lower peninsula , NNP and other NNP family members and their old dominion land company were involved in many aspects of life and business , and schools , museums , libraries and parks are among their many contributions .	28	35	VBP	are	is
the consumer has the choice between buying from their local utility ( local distribution company - NNP ) or from one of the JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
along with the NNP and NNP clans , the NNP ( or NNP , NNP , NNP ) clan forms the NNP NNP ( `` 2 families '' ) , that later expanded into the NN NN of the NNP clan hierarchy .	18	19	VBZ	forms	form
NNP 's motto is `` connecting faith to life '' and the radio network aims to make christian radio available for every australian as a means to that end .	13	14	VBZ	aims	aim
the objectives behind pc are JJ using simpler , more JJ methods , some of which are typically rejected out of hand as perennial proposals but may deserve a fresh look , and some of which may never have been seriously considered .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the reason that i want to go through editor review is that i VBP would like to become an admin , however i know that i have a long way to go before i am ready for that .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the `` NN of excellence '' is a business concept that describes a JJ phenomenon where as performance VBZ , that performance becomes less visible to others and therefore becomes less VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if the second player has no cards of the same suit and no NNS , any other card can be played .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
instead , the obvious solution is to move the movie to the top of the NN and only VB the page once , instead of up to 500 times .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the burn rate is proportional to the NN NN , which is proportional to the reactor power ; a reactor running on twice the power will have twice the JJ burn rate .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the other prestigious award is the NNPS NNP medal which is the seasons best player as voted by the public .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
declaration of christian NNP is a christian NN launched on easter sunday 2010 in the united kingdom .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP , the estate has an annual production of CD to 1 , 000 cases a year .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
several studies have indeed recorded a NNP effect using JJ NN instructions , but this effect sometimes differs from the NNP effect from JJ NN .	15	17	VBZ	differs	differ
consequently , NNP 's recorded documents represent a focused view of wisconsin musical performance during these years .	5	6	VBP	represent	represents
a NNP is VBN , grammar is ok , and cleanup is too vague .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
while the JJ season episode `` to VB with love '' reveals that NNP has a texas ranger badge in his NN , an early episode reveals that NNP worked as an NN until he was put on worker 's compensation for unknown reasons .	4	11	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the phone features a NNP camera , which can be used to record both still images and video , and a CD colour display 2 .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NNP NN suggests that NNP g protein moves from NN to NNS NNP bodies without being transported between them in NNS , supporting the JJ NN model of NNP trafficking .	6	7	VBZ	moves	move
so NNP is quite irrelevant here , and your desire to VB this discourse seems quite JJ for VBG wikipedia at all .	9	14	VBZ	seems	seem
today the ground floor is home to several different offices , including the secretary of the senate , the clerk of the house , and the capitol tours and information service .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the region contains many species of small NN , including the JJ pocket mouse and different species of NN rats .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in the case of population statistics , as with most topics , the edit is either right or wrong ( remember , wikipedia is about verifiability , not truth ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
in the red dwarf episode `` VBN '' ( 1989 ) , the character NNP chooses to eat dog food over a pot NNP , after not having eaten for six days .	13	15	VBZ	chooses	choose
delete or move it to the user page of the person who created it , assuming that person decides to create an account .	17	18	VBZ	decides	decide
weak delete space marine as JJ troops is too vague .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the focus of the NNP is to develop concepts , methods , and best practices in the area of services .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's arrival documents show the assumed name of pablo NNP , which he continued to use .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
if the english-language reliable resources have a particular bias , then we need to get other language reliable sources to reduce the bias , not to advance a pov .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the edges of the flat sides of the NN seem to consist of 14 elements , 11 defining the outline of the NN , and 3 are processes , one forming a `` NN '' NN , a second a JJ and a third a JJ .	1	9	VBP	seem	seems
this compound is JJ ( VBG the growth or reproduction of fungi ) and works by affecting the JJ system of fungi , VBG with the JJ NN and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the announcer describes it as being `` VBN with forgotten men , and alive with the NN of many languages '' .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
JJ factors , such as government NN or NN policies , cause the actual unemployment rate to vary around the natural rate .	1	11	VBP	cause	causes
so when you are making a camera , the JJS and most realistic thing to do is to VB the human eye - producing the exact same artifacts as the human eye does .	31	32	VBZ	does	do
this planet is ancient and otto must ride NN lines and go through NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the two test pilots are eventually forced to leave the base .	3	4	VBP	are	is
JJ temperatures throughout its range are low , and this species only seems to be active during the day .	1	5	VBP	are	is
explicitly permits states to continue making a NN exception when deciding the status of same-sex relationships independently of the decisions of other states , as states have in fact been permitted to do in the case of JJ marriages .	25	26	VBP	have	has
the tone , however , just seems a little too informal , with too many NNS and a sometimes JJ or JJ tone .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem
these NN drops cause the NN to shed its NN and egg in a process termed NN .	1	2	VBZ	drops	drop
NNP village itself is a place of traditional NN processing cottage industry and numerous small NN spinning units .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the park includes a day use area , NNS , hiking trails and 150 foot lower NNP creek falls .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
it affects both boys and girls , but statistics show that girls are far more likely to be forced into a child marriage than boys ; however the percentage of girls forced into child marriage in india has declined in recent years .	8	9	VBP	show	shows
most mainstream health organizations are critical of conversion therapy , and no mainstream medical organization VBZ conversion therapy .	14	15	VBZ	endorses	endorse
examples include NNS , NNP acid ( dna ) and tool marks on NNP components .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
NNP has a life meter that VBZ every time he VBZ damage from creatures , and the player loses a life when NNP 's life meter runs out or if he falls off the screen .	25	26	VBZ	runs	run
although females are JJ towards JJ NNS , male NN greatly reduces the rate of successful female involvement in attempted JJ NNS by other males .	1	2	VBP	are	is
many species of JJ NNS show NN , and serve as models for JJ NNS .	1	5	VBP	show	shows
further , an update to the article indicates that since leaving the office of mayor , the subject has participated in widely broadcast panel discussions on reliable new york city television stations NNP and NNP and radio station NNP hot 97 .	3	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
northern thai lap is a very different type of dish .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only difference is , this makes it easier for readers who are less JJ than i am .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category contains companies acquired by NNP corporation .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
though their relationship begins RB , NNP and mr .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
well-known among NNS for its NN atmosphere , the town is full of cheap NNS , NN shops and restaurants .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the step size between adjacent NNS is smaller for smaller NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
other notable performance halls include carnegie hall , radio city music hall , and the brooklyn academy of music .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
as the books continue , the three children RB more and more of the mystery surrounding their parents ' deaths and soon find that their parents were in a secret organization , v .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
the district is located on the northern slope of the western part of the NNP hills , and the rivers mostly flow from south to north .	19	21	VBP	flow	flows
record labels are often under the control of a corporate umbrella organization called a `` music group '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the church in the film is NNP church and the textile NN is the mall called as NNP group NNP in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a possible outcome is to move w .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a news agency reporting on an individual is not an NN of their ideas , and should not be mistaken for one .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the road continues into NNP eagle township and runs through more rural areas before passing a few areas of residential development .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
conflicts are apparent also in the original NNP model , iso CD , when not considering the NNS to this model ( e .	0	1	VBP	are	is
based on JJ characters , JJ counts , and DT shapes , NNP ( 1982 ) concluded the grey reef shark is most closely related to the NN shark ( c .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
in the united states , the most important art history organization is the college art association .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
some scholars argue that paul and james do not VB each other but speak about different questions .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
these competitions test the pilots ' abilities to make best use of local weather conditions as well as their flying skills .	1	2	VBP	test	tests
a quick search through google news shows nothing JJ .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show
what you need to be doing differently is to be giving a lot more information both to the users to whom you are providing warnings and to the NN admins at the NNP board as to why the edits are unacceptable .	38	39	VBP	are	is
this priority is usually for newer artists , or artists who released only a few albums but were not very successful .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the matching NNS are on their right positions , they are `` bulls '' , if on different positions , they are `` NNS '' .	3	4	VBP	are	is
central ideas of network thinking include viewing a system as a network of JJ effects , leading to JJ behavior of the system as a whole .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
august 2009 two NNS stars are to appear in the 2009 series of the bbc dancing talent show strictly come dancing .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the authors suggest that NNP VBD the JJ logic particularly through his idea of `` density '' of NNS .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the market 's purpose is to connect oregon 's small farmers directly to consumers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it can be said that NNP 's NN of s for ice is one of the JJS , yet most accurate applications of statistical mechanics to real substances ever made .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
essentially , the philosophy VBZ that humans are members of a universal NNP who live on earth until such time as they overcome the diseases of NN , VBN and violence that VBZ them , individually and collectively .	3	4	VBZ	proposes	propose
the fruits are dark brown and dry , splitting into two NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main soils of the city of prince albert are those of the valley complex consisting mainly of NN soils which produce natural vegetation which are not forest nor NN but a complex of the two .	2	9	VBP	are	is
it also formed a union that has lasted over 50 years that one can relate to when two NNS meet again , even among other NNS formerly unknown .	18	19	VBP	meet	meets
i may have left a comment at reliable sources a long time ago , because that page is on my watchlist .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
VBG to vista is not something i wish to VB as the benefits are dubious and the prices even more so .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the page appears to be little more than a listing of every review of the film with a focus on the negative pov .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the NN of oxygen in bottom waters changes the types of organisms that live on the bottom .	1	7	VBZ	changes	change
the additional land areas include 20 national NNP , 59 purchase units , 19 research and experimental areas , five land NN projects , 37 other areas , and one national preserve , NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
VBG delete after rewrite the rewrite is full of original research and the independent secondary sources are not about the NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP transit center is the center of the valley transit system , as most bus routes VBP there .	16	17	VBP	terminate	terminates
village has a first aid center and a post office as well .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the division is responsible for NN and animated ( marvel animation ) tv shows and JJ series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the character of jack frost appears in three american films , two of them named simply jack frost .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the NNP NN is basically a JJ camera rear except for one aspect - the front three elements are contained in a cell that VBZ into the front of the lens assembly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the math we use to deal with this is statistics .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
petty officer , 1st class , NNP , is a naval JJ member rank of the canadian forces .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the concept of NN , also VBN by the aforementioned NNP NNP , is important for the understanding of martin NNP 's fashion statement .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
female '' [ [ NNP VBZ ] ] '' JJ NN attached males which have VBN into a pair of [ [ VBZ ] ] , for use when the female is ready to VB .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
from the NNS , the distance is to hurricane pass .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the gene is highly similar to the NNP NN NN gene NN and to the mouse transcription factor NNP alpha NN gene .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this problem is particularly severe in buildings with JJ or JJ geometry .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while en route , mary asks for NN , while jack says that he VBZ a good `` NN '' .	2	5	VBZ	asks	ask
the episode ends with a camp NN announcement which is JJ to the final NN announcement in the original NNP film , backed by an arrangement of the theme song which served as the opening music for three episodes in the first season .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
in the first act the character NNP VBZ his fellow NNS to VB the JJ NNP .	5	7	VBZ	urges	urge
the latest generation of the platform is NNP 2012 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it looks beautiful and NN on the image page , but click on it and it is terrible .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
her mother NNP is JJ on her VBG NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the science and arts sections are popular , as is the history .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the spot on its banner is white , turning yellow then red .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the railway RB holds special JJ days , such as a `` thomas the tank engine and friends day '' , and these are particularly popular with children .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are NN ( ii ) NN and JJ NN NN NN ion , whereas its 3 products are JJ ( iii ) NN , JJ NN NN NN , and hydrogen ion .	24	25	VBP	are	is
the female fly VBZ several small , JJ , oval eggs on a large NN or an adult bug .	2	3	VBZ	lays	lay
the angels agree and free both lot and NNP from prison .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
this version of the NN is available on audio NNP as well .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
admission to the law school is highly competitive .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
we do not have direct evidence , as yet , that the mass in the whole universe is finite .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
she adds that she does n't often feel in the mood to VB and that the JJS NN of NN is enough to stop her from VBG any more .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
normally , the role of the club secretary is to deal with matters ( especially correspondence , taking minutes , making arrangements for meetings and events , less often VBG permanent or temporary staff , if there are any ) on behalf of the committee .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the german towns of NNP and NNP in bavaria use the three gold NNS on blue design on their NNS .	2	9	VBP	use	uses
the road takes a generally JJ track away from the town line to the hamlet of NNP , a community just from the center of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
and there are those that are primarily a series of NNS , in which the story , if there even is one , is an NN .	15	23	VBZ	is	are
the leaves only expand fully when the flowers are nearly finished ; they are JJ , JJ cm diameter , with several NNS , and only last for JJ months before dying down during the late spring .	1	3	VBP	expand	expands
the relationship between NNP and html tends to be a difficult topic for many computer professionals , document authors , and web users alike .	1	6	VBZ	tends	tend
also , the integrated core and NNS means these NNS are not prone to wire break failures in high mechanical stress environments .	9	10	VBP	are	is
his paintings have been lost for the most part , but NNP 's judgement still remains in NNP .	13	15	VBZ	remains	remain
the space dedicated to NNS shows the main defensive elements of this group of NNS against predators such as bone shields , NNS , tail clubs and so forth .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
after striking a deal with lucy NNP to provide stories in exchange for good press , his star rises again .	17	18	VBZ	rises	rise
ma educational institutions in the philippines , see christian and missionary alliance churches of the philippines .	2	7	VBP	see	sees
the double suspension of a JJ NN sphere that is not a sphere is an example of NN of a JJ sphere that is not JJ , because the link of a point is not a sphere .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
i see that issue produces some strong feelings .	3	4	VBZ	produces	produce
his faith is reflected in his lyrics , where some recurring themes are - praise for NNP and messages of NNP , positive portrayal of women , and NN of ill NNS .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the reason it causes a delay in NN is because it greatly reduces sex drive , in some cases , causing an inability to gain an NN or NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
these equations allow us to VB the behavior of an object that can spin in a way very close to the method JJ motion without spin .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
some examples of formations are the formation of NNS for a prime p , the formation of NNS for a set of NNS NNP , and the formation of JJ groups .	1	4	VBP	are	is
JJ stem cells provide the source of cells for growth of the JJ NN during NN and NN and play an important role in NN of the breast .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
its hereditary line of descent spans the period of american history since national independence during the revolutionary war .	2	5	VBZ	spans	span
i can find no evidence that this band meets the criteria for inclusion , and as such it is VBN apparently to always remain a user draft .	7	8	VBZ	meets	meet
for matter in a NN solid phase , the NNP law , which was discovered RB , states that the JJ heat capacity assumes the value 3 r .	22	23	VBZ	assumes	assume
this redirect is not helpful in any way .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a chapter in the book says you should VB that everyone you meet is superior to you in some way , and i think it 's pretty much always true .	1	5	VBZ	says	say
all houses participate in the activities and competitions of the school .	1	2	VBP	participate	participates
the regions between these bands can be used in JJ NN to measure the NN of JJ solutions , with the advantage that glass is transparent in this region , so glass NNS can be used .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
users create sounds by VBG patch NNS to direct the signal through the modules above the keyboard .	0	1	VBP	create	creates
the oil pressure JJ lights when engine oil pressure drops below a VBN level .	8	9	VBZ	drops	drop
normally the plant has to be a little old and root bound to start flowering .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP bird of new zealand and `` proper '' means it is depicted in its natural colours .	1	9	VBZ	means	mean
the only difference any editor has mentioned between those articles and this one is that this article concerns the NNP rather than a european or JJ country .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
this process continues until the cell potential reaches the level where the NN of the JJ ion is possible , about 1 .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
certain commonwealth countries , including australia , new zealand , canada and the united kingdom , have agreements in certain countries to provide JJ services for citizens of the other countries where they do not have physical representation .	2	16	VBP	have	has
the NN has the right to VB the NN of energy if such JJ circumstances arise , including natural NNS and JJ events .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the old man of NNP is the inspiration for NNP , the mountain arthur NNP 's NNP and NNP climb in the NNP and NNP novel NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
otherwise the candidate is obviously experienced and would be of great help to the project .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i dont think that article is not PRP , it should not be deleted , plus the title now is blocked .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the lead actors include NNP NNP himself , his wife NNP NNP and several well-known NNP actors .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
actually , a category is even less JJ than a list , which at least in theory could be properly sourced .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP metropolitan statistical area , while the NNP county portion is part of the st .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the centers and heads of the NNS are smaller in size with JJ bent pieces of steel attached as legs .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the aim is the development , demonstration , and evaluation of innovative and advanced NN technologies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at first , the boats come down the river , one by one , VBG fish .	4	5	VBP	come	comes
some common brand names are NNP , NNP , NNP plus ( NNP ) , NNP NNP skin NNP , NNP skin and wound NNP , and NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
either way , target has no relevant information on either .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the term you get results for is drag strip ( or NN ) , not VBN drag strip .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ set has 60 hits from the 1980s .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this process continues until the NN reaches the bottom of the NN cycle - commonly referred to as NN or NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
if , due to a hardware fault or program error , the computer fails to VB the NN , the NN will VB and generate a NN signal .	12	13	VBZ	fails	fail
different structures act as NNS , gold mines and technology buildings which VBP more units , abilities and items for the action players .	1	2	VBP	act	acts
the area of the gulf is .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the company steadily increases its annual production and it VBZ with leading global corporations such as NNP NNP and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	increases	increase
while my reasons in that afd for supporting a merge are no longer valid , i still believe that merging or VBG to the article on the scandal is the best solution .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the earliest such fossil is the JJ JJ NNP claimed by some , however , to represent the NN of an JJ or NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ commission , NNS and creates rules governing a state civil service matters , including testing , JJ actions , and pay grades .	2	6	VBZ	creates	create
the rivalry dates back to the 1970s when the two schools were founded .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
the story follows a group of people as they struggle to survive in a plague infected world .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
perhaps the most extreme example of this is sentenced to NNP , in which the protagonist finds himself trapped on a world where life is based on silicon rather than carbon , as on earth .	15	16	VBZ	finds	find
utilized by several native american communities where JJ addiction is on the rise , these films were the first JJ NNS on the subject .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the aim of the game is for the NNS to turn everyone else into NNS , and for the peasants to survive until the end of the time limit of the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one attraction of the beaches is the JJ pools .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
finally , the intersection of the `` too cheap '' and `` too expensive '' lines represents an `` JJ price point '' or NNP .	3	16	VBZ	represents	represent
as was pointed out on the talk page , this guy is very good at NN , but this article is still not notable .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
website states that images are free for use unless otherwise stated by the author ( which it is not ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
field notes from expeditions and NNS conducted by the NNP anthropology department are also available from as early as the 1930s .	1	12	VBP	are	is
kelly the name derives from the NNP for POS ' .	2	3	VBZ	derives	derive
unfortunately , most potential audiences fall RB before the song finishes .	4	5	VBP	fall	falls
the ny times article means JJ it mentions NN .	3	4	VBZ	means	mean
these NNS also form the basis of their knowledge with everything building upon it .	1	3	VBP	form	forms
the NNP approach first VBZ around an assessment to determine what a student does and does not know .	2	4	VBZ	revolves	revolve
each phase wire provides around CD NNS to loads connected between it and the neutral .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
another notable NNS CC film is bob clark 's black christmas ( 1974 ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the bell still VBZ in the tower today .	1	3	VBZ	hangs	hang
the soundtrack features 57 songs from a number of different genres .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the route continues south past NNP lake , NNP lake , NNP cove , blind lake , and NNP lake .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
also the search box is at the bottom of the page when it is viewed in a NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the most reliable reference is from NNP , NNP news , and it was used as the reference .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the cost of attendance is reasonable ( and a wide variety of programs are offered , allowing many students to complete their first 4 NNS of college NN at NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
its nearest town is NNP , which lies approximately 4 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
researchers believe this may be the function of other unique JJ features , found in various NN species .	0	1	VBP	believe	believes
i am pretty sure that most information about the NNP is in this article , thus VBG NN .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
her appointment at such a relatively young age marks a JJ change in the court , as she is eligible to remain seated on the bench until CD , VBG all of the bench at the time of her appointment by nine years .	1	8	VBZ	marks	mark
you never know if the reader even sees the images and the image NNS are likely to be swept away along with the image , was my point .	5	7	VBZ	sees	see
dance is present in mythology and religion RB .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the tallest building in the city is the JJ , NNP de NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the federal monuments are the NNP estate in the NN of NNP and an JJ site .	2	3	VBP	are	is
bang opposite to b , c , d block entrance is boundary wall of NNP NNP school , although the entrance to school is from different side .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
generic NN NNS are still the NN of NN NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
you guys are all wrong , this plane crash is RB notable in every way !	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the executive director is rob NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN has a NNP rendering the comics JJ , but is notable to the series as introducing experiment CD , NNP , who was made a main character in the subsequent movies and tv series .	0	1	VBZ	Has	Have
weak oppose very high NNP , but the detail is a little NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
games lessons take place every afternoon , with each year participating in either one or two sessions .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
tall concrete towers replace the houses , VBG the few historical neighborhoods NNP has left .	2	3	VBP	replace	replaces
without any conservation efforts or education , the society is not aware of how to properly treat finite natural resources .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on NNP experience .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another term for a JJ basin is a NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
these notes , if they are in good condition , may have some value NN he VBD ' market .	1	5	VBP	are	is
though the magazine is now defunct , its contents are preserved and made available at the NNP website .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
reliable sources are needed , someone stating himself and saying that we have to take is `` word for it '' just show us how unreliable the article is , i doubt they are holder of universal truth and knowledge .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
suspended page with all the people that are members of the NNP -- the wiki page says this accounts for more than 1000 clubs across america .	1	16	VBZ	says	say
the NNP list of JJ editions of french poets includes volumes by NNP NNP , rené NNP , jacques NNP , paul NNP , andré NNP , NNP , philippe NNP , NNP NNP , henri NNP , pierre NNP and paul NNP .	2	9	VBZ	includes	include
this pronunciation is retained for example in NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NN , and english NNS ; however , pronunciation tends to the further you travel south .	25	26	VBZ	tends	tend
anyway , the ideal illustration of such a NN would be a beautiful picture with it in its natural environment , and this picture is neither .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the article is verifiable and references reliable sources .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of a NN provides new problems for some repertoire , but scholarship suggests that these problems are not JJ in bach 's JJ NNP ( ) .	13	14	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the residents grow their own food , collect NN , and produce all their electricity by solar panels .	1	2	VBP	grow	grows
support , but hold for at least 48 ( i read at least 72 somewhere ) hours until the mission is ready to launch again .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
once played widely in cornwall , the game has similarities to other traditional football or JJ parish NNP ' games , but certain attributes make this version unique to cornwall .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
this connection between the NNP and the NNP is but natural , as they were close neighbors in the north-west ( NNP index ) ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
in short , NNP 's argument that it is `` RB cited '' is not convincing to me , and NNP 's intelligent comment that the association between the members is too loose and that the list as it stands is essentially original research is quite convincing .	43	44	VBZ	is	are
the NNP search results list only has those NNS that contain your search terms .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
the other supporter is thomas NNP , whose NNP of NNP from CD was the first book on NNS in english ; the crest is a baby , taken from the arms of the NNP hospital in NNP 's fields .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
each player VBZ one set of NNS of the same color ; a train for VBG and a cylinder to mark the starting location .	1	2	VBZ	selects	select
most shows have at least one occurrence of the shield in the drill , even if it appears for only a couple of seconds .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the crucial additional NN needed to turn such NN into a NN , so it would automatically position to true north , is some mechanism that results in an application of NN whenever the NN 's axis is not pointing north .	3	22	VBZ	is	are
august 16 , 2011 - with the debut of ryan 's latest album , `` upon a dream , '' his latest work includes NNS with NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP zero , and dave NNP .	22	23	VBZ	includes	include
the dorsal black JJ line is present but not strongly marked and the bases of the JJ NNS are white RB .	13	18	VBP	are	is
a certain level of editorial conflict is to be expected on controversial topics ; i see no evidence that NNP has been unusually JJ in that regard here , or that his edits in this particular conflict have been RB unacceptable .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the largest mud volcano structure , indonesia 's NNP , is in diameter and reaches in height .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
a nearly complete color tape of super bowl i was discovered in 2005 , but kept secret for nearly five years ; portions of NNS up through super bowl v are either missing or only exist in NN .	22	30	VBP	are	is
the image of the brand is probably fair use ; the warning image was developed by the canadian government .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN normal vector field for a curve in the plane has a nice JJ interpretation .	4	11	VBZ	has	have
each company pays the cost of maintenance of its own facilities .	1	2	VBZ	pays	pay
when current radio NN missions rely on radio signals from NNP ( global NNP system ) satellites , the technique is then known as NNP .	4	5	VBP	rely	relies
historical graves of NNP cemetery significantly differ from contemporary moscow NNS due to their old NNP roots .	1	6	VBP	differ	differs
this group includes those people who were either born in , residents of , or otherwise closely associated with the city of NNP , new mexico .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
young cape NN snakes are aggressive and very easily VBN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
per the discussion above , NNS are of great value and users imo should be encouraged to create them and should not be VBN when they do .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the NN copy is a copy of a motor command that is used in internal models to VB what the new JJ state will be after the motor command has been completed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the second mention of 12th century is accurate .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the following technique is the recommended standard technique for the JJ category NN method .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
são paulo state is responsible for approximately a third of brazilian NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
closing this discussion while a precise proposal is in the works on my talk page , please join in .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
summers are hot and JJ with warm NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the earliest stages of JJ evolution appear to be dominated by JJ NNS , such as NNS and NNS ( e .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears
canadian and polish units capture the RB important town of NNP , NNP , france .	3	4	VBP	capture	captures
i hope this analysis of the sources in this article clearly demonstrates that phil 's allegations against the reliability of the sources in this article are RB JJ .	3	11	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
archaeology laboratories the university 's laboratories provide facilities for environmental archaeology , NN , soil studies and conservation .	5	6	VBP	provide	provides
opinions on NNP are split amongst many in NNP NNP for building NNP include the development of the music , film and creative industries , tourism , educational opportunities , job creation and the provision of leisure and education facilities for the community , particularly young people .	0	3	VBP	are	is
it might be a bit more difficult to decide which alien animals are intelligent , though , if they are very different from us .	11	12	VBP	are	is
strategic location of NNP near the border with russia and ukraine provides a direct connection to the vast railroad network .	1	11	VBZ	provides	provide
this example indicates 60 minutes of sunshine .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the NN covers CD acres of NN habitat and serves as a geographic border between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
each base point VBZ a distinct uniform NN .	2	3	VBZ	generates	generate
although the script of the series makes great play of its NNP setting , the location filming for the first three series was largely carried out in and around brighton and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
JJ response mode is an NNP addition for use over JJ links .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is all very well to observe that flower NNS have a history , but if JJ has written a history of flower NNS then nor must we .	9	10	VBP	have	has
unlike most theatre groups , art VBZ their actors based on the quality of voice acting , since the physical aspects of theatre are much different in a virtual environment .	20	23	VBP	are	is
today on many of the NNS people make a living fishing and NN .	6	7	VBP	make	makes
NNP is well known for this sort of thing , but the subject matter is real enough .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
her symbol is a red crown representing loyalty .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the administrative center of the NN is the city of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP ca variant specifically VBZ this capability to comply with california law .	3	5	VBZ	excludes	exclude
questions remain about the precise location of small NNS along the border with sudan as well .	0	1	VBP	remain	remains
the city is within fifty miles of the university of alabama , university of alabama birmingham , and within one hundred miles of the university of north alabama .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the back of the card also contains the person 's registered address where official correspondence is sent , place of birth , and the names of parents and NN .	1	6	VBZ	contains	contain
another 5 planes are JJ ( yet ) , bringing the total to 47 NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his best known poem is a NNP , VBZ an NN !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i believe your analysis is essentially correct .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
liquid level machines fill NNS so they appear to be filled to the same line on every bottle , while JJ filling machines fill each bottle with exactly the same amount of liquid .	2	3	VBP	fill	fills
some more recent NNS of JJ lanes use a JJ barrier to establish a physical separation between allowed and VBN lanes of travel .	3	7	VBP	use	uses
an JJ solution for a more advanced book is to define a formula as a ( type of ) finite tree , rather than a ( type of ) finite string .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the program promotes NN over NN , theory over JJ NN , and discussions over lectures .	1	2	VBZ	promotes	promote
the video features NNP and friends in a JJ fashion which they become alive when the music is played and party , which after they die again .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the video then depicts NNP VBG her clothes and NNS in a NN then leaves the man behind .	1	3	VBZ	depicts	depict
the JJ deposits run south-west from NNP to VB ; these were the deposits VBN at NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	run	runs
if the personal computer lacks an available bus on a compatible host NN , then one may have to install an NN into an expansion slot .	3	4	VBZ	lacks	lack
another NN could involve current eu NNP NNP imagery , VBN with NN information , such that only radar images of ships without active NNS display to enforcement personnel .	19	25	VBP	display	displays
the wings have an NN NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in JJ systems , they have a VBN structure due to a `` NN and NN '' process , while JJ systems tend to have ones at points .	21	22	VBP	tend	tends
NN i am only concerned about how people i respect feel about me .	7	10	VBP	feel	feels
another factor contributing to NN is the concept of debt protection .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP east police station closed in the early 1990s and the building remains standing on the corner of east boundary road and NNP court , near centre road ( opposite the hotel ) .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
at the lower east side elementary school , the school year runs august 24 , 2010 , to june 24 , 2011 .	10	11	VBZ	runs	run
most asian religions believe in NN as did christians until constantine ruined the party .	2	3	VBP	believe	believes
the resulting energy ( CD ) is then shared between the two cars - so ( as if by magic ) , each car has to VB exactly CD of damage .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
the film uses interviews of historians , NNS through computer NNP , location footage , and archaeological and scientific evidence to tell the story of these egyptian NNS .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
her powers as the NNP one often lead her to point out the confusing nature of NNP structured gaming ( she VBZ that the NNP reality VBZ common sense and physics ) , though the other characters usually ignore her tendency to do so .	36	38	VBP	ignore	ignores
some weapons allow the player ships to merge , one player controlling movements and the second player controlling weapons .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
my guess is that VBG NNP would get very few hits on its own , if the example of anna NNP were removed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
article is about a social networking website with its primary focus on the artistic and music scenes of the NNP united states .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
other works by NNP also show a distinct , individual style .	1	5	VBP	show	shows
the JJS reach of the NNP watershed is a few miles north of town .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
uk 's program is n't as active as the us .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the campus has an overall student body of 9 , CD students , including undergraduate , graduate students , and continuing education students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the ride is a 6 , 000 square feet indoor dark ride , with a track and car system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song is a pop ballad , orlando also compared `` non me VBZ so JJ '' to NNP NNP 's previous songs .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
leaves on the stem become smaller toward the top .	0	4	VBP	become	becomes
no photographs appear to exist of beach road halt .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the material on this lp is n't difficult to VB ; NN was NNP 's goal , and he VBZ that goal '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the page just needs a little work , but the subject matter is valid and deserves a wikipedia page .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
NNP v NN page appears to be a resume and some programming ; user has not contributed any meaningful edits to wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
his wife , NNP , at first encourages his interest in his statue , NNP .	1	7	VBZ	encourages	encourage
the companies have three circles in common - karnataka , kerala and punjab .	1	2	VBP	have	has
volume 3 is a collection of live tracks played on jo NNP 's radio 1 show .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
specifically , the plan defines sites for about of future campus academic and support facilities to accommodate the increased NNP enrollment .	3	4	VBZ	defines	define
the highest NNS are at NNP peak ( 3 , CD meters ) and NNP peak ( 3 , CD meters ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
looking at the history , the problem is that you are trying to VB a previous decision to keep the article as a redirect .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the boy also visits ben in the hospital , where he meets rich , and calls himself mike .	1	3	VBZ	visits	visit
the banner of saint NNP is a white cross on a black background ( in terms of JJ JJ , a cross NN ' ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ reports suggest that landings of this species are VBG , leading to a regional assessment of near threatened .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
this JJ variation in NN causes the inner edge of the circle to be JJ while the outer edge is JJ .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
one leg is closer to the NN while the other is JJR away from the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other articles in the first volume include `` methods of discovering whether wine has been VBN with any metals VBP to health '' and `` description of the apparatus used by NNP to produce water from its component parts , oxygen and hydrogen '' .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the awards principal sponsor is toronto based businessman NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the demo contains six songs , five of which would later be JJ and included as part of either the band 's debut ep there 's no NNP for the dead or their debut full-length album dying is your latest fashion .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
rather than provide temporary charitable relief , the organization aims to break the cycle of poverty by focusing on long-term comprehensive solutions to debt and poverty .	8	9	VBZ	aims	aim
comment it is quite clear that NNP roy made this album , and i think he is a notable artist in his country .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
this is the identifying mark used by the institute and this page is a description of the institute .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the belief in JJ NNS probably stems in part from the supposed curse on the tomb of NNP .	1	6	VBZ	stems	stem
games are notable , building is not .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
you seem to have come here under the impression that this website is something to do with the guardian angels .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's teaching duties meant that in 1897 he again missed the start of the cricket season , and he felt it necessary to resign as lancashire 's captain .	3	4	VBP	meant	meant
NN partners make JJ wheat and NNP at NNP on the NNP next to the railway .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
the event is open for public and all cultures .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one difference is that NNS are usually aimed at gaining a leader or group of leaders power , whereas NNS may have leaders , but are at least officially aimed at VBG some more JJ change to how society is organized .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN is one of a few NNS for grass snake in stockholm .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
white house may 17 , 2006 many short sections give a NN feel .	8	9	VBP	give	gives
NNP and NNP lakes are two JJ lakes at an altitude of about CD m in the eastern NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the rail line crosses the NNP and the NNP rivers close to the settlement , over two bridges which are , respectively , and long .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
at present my interpretation seems reasonable .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
this grass grows in many types of habitat , and it occurs in a variety of forest and NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
each player has three attempts ; the team with the longest hit within the zone wins .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the source of production is at NNP song NNP village , NNP NNP son NNP ( by NNP NNP , around NNP 6 ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
RB later falls ill , but when the wars against the NNS go badly he insists on leading his army himself , VBD up on his horse .	8	12	VBP	go	goes
currently , route CD is the lowest route number to be found in the NNP area .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
for example , if a family moves from the village of NNP to another place , they may change their family name to `` NNP , '' to indicate that they came from NNP .	5	6	VBZ	moves	move
in summary , this article deserves to be kept only of someone writes a newspaper article `` NNP of the century '' .	4	5	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the regular season league champions receive the dave NNP trophy .	4	5	VBP	receive	receives
in CD the neighbors of NNP destroy fortifications constructed by those of NNP .	3	6	VBP	destroy	destroys
if the orientation of g is JJ , it becomes a NN to a JJ tournament .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the forest park has CD of motor trail and CD of hill walks , nature points and vista trails .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the film , written throughout 1934 , is notable for VBG world war ii , being only 16 months off by having it start on christmas 1940 , rather than 1 september 1939 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP protests are encyclopedic and should be covered in wikipedia , due to the notability established by significant coverage in multiple reliable and independent sources .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the work displays a great NN of knowledge .	1	2	VBZ	displays	display
an economy class car has the capacity of 89 passengers .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
also , some sentences are in the wrong places in their paragraphs .	3	4	VBP	are	is
two sources provide information about the ultimate fate of the NNP , although their accounts are JJ in places .	14	15	VBP	are	is
birds of prey reveal that the patch has reportedly been finished , but has been sitting in NN for months VBG approval .	0	3	VBP	reveal	reveals
plans are underway for the institute to move to new purpose designed premises next to the NNP NNP on NNP street .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this show includes material from NNP and atom heart mother .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the name VBG ' derives from the idea that an ion channel protein includes a NN that is VBN by a gate or several gates , and the gate ( s ) must be in the open position for any NNS to pass through the NN .	12	13	VBZ	includes	include
the oslo international school building is an ongoing expansion of the original american school built in the 1960s , for children who were mostly from the us military community , in the then based in nearby NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
collective NNS are NNS that refer to groups consisting of more than one individual or entity , even when they are VBN for the singular .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category contains articles supported by the vancouver NNP task force of wikiproject ice hockey which have been rated as `` NNP '' by the wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the human balance system VBZ JJ , JJ and nearby visual NNS to VB position and motion .	3	4	VBZ	integrates	integrate
active network research addresses the nature of how best to incorporate extremely dynamic capability within networks .	2	3	VBZ	addresses	address
drug users VBN say they are not much VBN from drug driving as testing seems to occur very RB .	1	3	VBP	say	says
one example is the JJ single `` NNP '' and `` who do you think you are '' by the NNP girls .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it 's obvious the article is just NN and possibly violating google 's rights by putting 30 of their corporate NNS on a single page .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP fleet , dubai duty free now operates 26 , 000 square metres of retail space across NNS 1 , 2 , and 3 .	1	7	VBZ	operates	operate
the film VBZ JJ drama of a travelling drama group .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
the result is a significant reduction in the amount of code that a developer needs to access a JJ database using lower level NNP like NNP and NNP .	13	14	VBZ	needs	need
play tv games interactive products are a series of JJ game devices produced by NNP pacific .	4	5	VBP	are	is
its NN hull is a regular NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another thing , the album has a lot simpler production compared to snow on the NNP , as the sounds are mainly based on NN and computer programming .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the possible logic gates form a group , with the `` set of all gates that VBP some of the NNS '' ( etc .	3	4	VBP	form	forms
the site is open to the public and owned by the national trust .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the individual subsidiary units have more than 150 years of experience .	3	4	VBP	have	has
however the general case of a static NNP field with both electric and magnetic components present , is the case that appears to most observers .	3	17	VBZ	is	are
the campus has several religious organizations .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
two other crew members carry NNS with two missiles each .	3	4	VBP	carry	carries
but the overwhelming feeling is of NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
research suggests that the closely related genus NNP ( NNS ) , and perhaps also NNP and the australian NNP and NNP , should be included in NNP ; most NNS now VBP NNP and NNP as part of the genus NNP .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
beyond this , the trail turns RB west , leaving the NNP NNP alignment , which continues north from here and open to motor vehicles .	4	5	VBZ	turns	turn
only a few big labs have it .	4	5	VBP	have	has
if the VBG object has an atmosphere , however , some of the NN of the star can be VBN into the volume of the NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
donald then sees that hunting season begins the next day and , possessed by the spirit of his grandfather , decides to participate .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
november 27 became a holiday that groups like the JJ popular front and some NNS celebrate as heroes day .	6	15	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
their NN to prepare and VB in a NN volume the conditions of high temperature JJ NNS and magnetic NN fusion NNS make them very appropriate research tools .	11	22	VBP	make	makes
like many neighborhoods on the northwest side of chicago the neighborhood has a heavy JJ presence , and is home to the NNP foundation , the polish parish of st .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
these adventure NNP tours include the NNP tour , which runs daily and includes basic VBG .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the ground water contains high levels of iron which VBZ and causes NN levels to rise .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
copies of the two original editions , which are now of excessive NN , are in the british library , and other copies may be found at the NNP library , the NNP shakespeare library , and other archives .	0	14	VBP	are	is
i 'm not so sure about photographs of things that are n't public domain ( i 'm not talking fair use here , but what restrictions apply on a photographer releasing images into the public domain ) .	25	26	VBP	apply	applies
during NN ( recognition ) , the node VBZ the set NNS that a pattern belongs to each known NN .	14	15	VBZ	belongs	belong
the JJ point of the place is a temple built in honor of the saint NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the organization of this section is very poor .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if his prosecutor career is notable you can argue based on that .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
college NNS take considerable time and involves multiple steps , NNS and choices , including fees , essays , college visits and interviews .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
specifically within a JJ analysis framework , a NN is a third variable that affects the JJ NN between two other variables .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
in addition to its online audience , the strip is also JJ to print , targeted at alternative weekly newspapers .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
its dorsal colour is orange with rows of dark bands in the NN and blue spots surrounded by darker brown in the wind wing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one notable attraction at NNP park is NNP island , an amusement park with rides , games , NNS , and a miniature train ride around the amusement area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the region also has its own flag and national anthem .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the ships in this class have a small capacity to carry and transfer fresh and frozen foods as well as other materials , and have two dry cargo transfer NNS .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the NN NNS often let cold air in during the winter , requiring the NN to block the NNS with mud or fabric .	2	4	VBP	let	lets
NNP NNP reservoir also meets the krishna delta water requirements to the extent of 100 NNP by letting water down stream into the river .	2	4	VBZ	meets	meet
although the editor is a member of staff , it is largely contributed to by team NNS , house NNS , heads of societies and other pupils .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the trick is NN , which i think is what NNP was trying to get at there , somewhere .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the park provides habitat for the NN , black duck , JJ NN and black NN .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
this article is about the monopoly VBD card game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this political party has two members elected to the states though as NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the original construction of NN uses the NN theory of hopkins , miller , and paul NNP , and is based on ideas of NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	5	VBZ	uses	use
however , opponents of speech codes often maintain that any restriction on speech is a violation of the first amendment .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
its budget is part of the federal state budget , although the agency also VBZ its own income through it advertising business .	12	14	VBZ	generates	generate
articles are primarily NNS of other news sources VBP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
his international reputation is one of a man who was `` JJ , JJ and essential , in a back line that conquered italy and europe .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP is notably different from JJ malaysia and even NNP ( the neighbouring malaysian state also located on NNP ) in that its ethnic groups are more varied due to the large proportion of tribal peoples such as the NNP and NNP .	24	25	VBP	are	is
the inspiration for it came from the artist 's `` assisting two lesbian friends to VB a child '' ; NNP has shown himself as a NN , a reference to NNP , whose influence is apparent in the work .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
tracks wear down and change as a race VBZ , developing NNS and NNS .	7	8	VBZ	progresses	progress
according to the payment of wages act , if a company has less than 1000 employees , salary is paid by the 7th of every month .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
davis 's older brother john coaches NNS in arkansas .	3	5	VBZ	coaches	coach
the current interim coach is patrick NNP , who was named as a replacement for danny hope in november 2012 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it has an auditorium where cultural events take place .	6	7	VBP	take	takes
however , judges have been known to throw out murder charges for cold cases if they feel the delay VBZ the defendant 's right to a speedy trial .	18	19	VBZ	violates	violate
in sections , this article approaches the JJ description of NNP as a play about a black man who murders his white wife because she lost a NN .	4	5	VBZ	approaches	approach
a neighboring nation of NNP , NNP is also a coastal nation along the western ocean .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
it states that the german it news site NNP reports that in germany , two opponents of office open NNP , deutsche NNP and google , were not allowed to vote because they tried to join the committee NN .	7	9	VBZ	reports	report
described as `` NN , '' the JJ track starts off with its JJ NN , which contains samples of `` my song '' by british poet NNP NNP .	8	9	VBZ	starts	start
JJ analysis is a major and JJ form of archaeological investigation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it looks ten times better than it did when this was nominated and the latter tag is probably not VBN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
to preserve these and other historic areas , the base maintains 38 native american sites , 45 NN sites , and 41 world war ii sites .	9	10	VBZ	maintains	maintain
at an intersection with cr CD , the highway becomes unnamed and turns north and northeast passing by several riverside neighborhoods .	8	9	VBZ	becomes	become
john NNS and feels that use of the word vandalism constitutes incivility per se .	5	10	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
for instance the inclusion of the editorial team clearly has no risk of any forms of conflict .	3	9	VBZ	has	have
though some of the patients have different results in most cases people infected with hiv go on to develop aids and ultimately die of JJ NNS or cancer .	11	15	VBP	go	goes
as of 2010 the book the transform diet is currently number 6 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
articles consist only of the lyrics of songs apparently VBN at sporting events , though they do n't even say which sport .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
the present appearance of the NN is the result of a JJ reconstruction from CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the nomination makes no sense to me .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
so while this may all be historical , it is by no means as far in the past as NN but at best a couple of decades , and it may be JJ that the categories remain alive in JJ literature .	35	36	VBP	remain	remains
as a JJ NN , i work in conjunction with amazing pr who has extensive knowledge of when new JJ products reach the market .	20	21	VBP	reach	reaches
this is a good example why naming conventions are useful .	7	8	VBP	are	is
in a spider-man family one shot in issue six , the secondary story is about NNP having emotional troubles , knowing he has no family left .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
a JJ chorus , open to all citizens , provides additional entertainment to the community .	2	9	VBZ	provides	provide
its current leader is NNP jack .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one thing these events have in common is that they all VBP NN , popular yet JJ events in which JJ power usually has no participating role .	21	23	VBZ	has	have
NN NNS expand a NN 's capabilities and remove some of the JJ work involved in designing and producing fabric .	1	2	VBP	expand	expands
common factors that contribute to JJ NNS include by driver NN or NN , NN , panic stops , and reduced NN due to weather or worn NN .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
with the help of this technology , students who struggle with language are now able to create JJ compositions , allowing them to communicate meanings that were once JJ or not fully expressed through their printed word .	7	12	VBP	are	is
we ca n't just decide something and start VBG it , because it has to come from the community , and this type of thing is difficult to read .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
certified teachers and professional models teach private and JJ lessons .	1	5	VBP	teach	teaches
his article VBZ with the statement that `` knowledge of matter ( as well as of mind ) has changed in such a way as to support the approach that has been described here .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
the small NNS open the eyes after 10 days from birth .	2	3	VBP	open	opens
the quote needs to be VBN properly and need a full stop before the closing NN marks .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
extreme examples include the outbreak of 300 , 000 cases of NN a and 25 , 000 cases of NN in 1988 in NNP caused by JJ VBN from a NN VBN JJ .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
historical NNS are uncertain whether the NN is a feature that was added to these branches of JJ , or whether the NN was present in the parent language and lost by all other branches ( see also NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the key finding here is that our NNP ( r ) NNS continue to show NN against all NNS of NN a , including NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the article is JJ and JJ , and does not assert any kind of notability for the game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for this reason it is no wonder their faces are weak and blank .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this three act musical creates a narrative between iconic objects found in her photographs .	2	4	VBZ	creates	create
these displays are capable of displaying the name of the next station , current station , door closing messages and occasionally the date and the time at terminal stations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN of the NN of the electromagnetic and weak interactions in the standard model is due to NNP NNP , steven NNP and , subsequently , NNP NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
originally of about is size , the station encompasses a significant section of the south eastern end of the king leopold ranges and the southern boundary is on the northern end of the great sandy desert .	7	8	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
your whole attitude in this mess shows that you are a danger for the wikipedia community .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show
his other novel , NNP ( rebel , 1892 ) , VBZ the JJ struggle of the NNP of montenegro against the turkish NNS .	2	11	VBZ	portrays	portray
the stream of south fork camp creek runs through this township .	1	7	VBZ	runs	run
the dam forms NNP lake as it VBZ the passage of the salt river .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
again , the permission is stated `` NNP ( NNP required ) '' , but the license tag is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
this version drops support for the windows 98 , 2000 , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	drops	drop
summers are typically warm , NN , and NN , while winters are cold , JJ , and NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the end of the story makes clear that NNP 's political career was in no way VBN by this scandal , nor did he lose his position as a NN in the church .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make
the outdoor collection consists of nearly JJ items .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
this whole ball of NN is RB synthetic and too subjective to have encyclopedic merit .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
others survive , stay and hopefully JJ ; new ones come .	9	10	VBP	come	comes
many combination locks allow some `` NN '' in the settings of the NN , so that for a given safe it may be necessary only to try a subset of the combinations .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
the park 's managing ranger is roberto castro NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this property makes it useful in nuclear weapons and in some nuclear NNS .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
some languages , such as arabic , use a similar process , called `` NN '' in linguistic NN , to indicate JJ relationships .	1	7	VBP	use	uses
and at the very least , the illustration of the man at the page of the NN is highly JJ , and adds nothing to the understanding of the subject .	7	17	VBZ	is	are
these NNS indicate that employees accept and RB to the rules , regulations , and procedures of the organization .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
the location manager is typically responsible for film location scouting .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article comes off ( intentionally or not ) as a JJ way to push a certain pov .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
NNP birds nest at NNP and NNP , and the west coast is an VBG site for NNS .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
up to CD people take part as competitors , judges or observers every year .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
this would normally be more like an atlantic NN , but the NN is on the lee hull , leaving it technically a pacific design .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
external measurement means VBG or VBG the two NNS to the JJ wall .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
JJ targets do n't measure up , critics say '' , south china morning post in total , 22 measures in all were suggested to contribute towards meeting the new objectives .	7	8	VBP	say	says
the stone of cold NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
any earthquake that could VB a threat occurs on a cycle of roughly 1 , 800 years , according to the united states army corps of engineers , who studied the area first in 1980 .	1	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
all our content is available under an open license , so if a search engine chose to , they could copy all the content except the ads and offer an advertising free version within their search engine .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mission of the NNP international music festival is to provide gifted young musicians from around the world with an opportunity to study with NN artists , and to provide maine audiences with classical music performed to the highest artistic standards .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the spelling NNP is most commonly seen as the NNP form .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the town has an old british era church .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the school is one of the best known high schools in burma .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for future reference , diffs are much more helpful than links to old revisions of the page .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the audience follows NNP and NNP on the development of their relationship , which seems RB comfortable despite some JJ scenes .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
after the 1897 NNP decision , the land claims court rejected the common lands of every community grant that came up for NN .	7	8	VBZ	claims	claim
unfortunately NNP and NNP have little notability independent of this organization and this organisation has little notability independent of NNP and NNP .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
a third concern is the very very lengthy external links section .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this section gives some examples of mechanical systems with JJ contacts and friction .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
other interpretations of the name are unknown .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the interior floor is relatively flat and NN , with no significant NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when this electric field strength VBZ what is known as the NN discharge inception voltage ( NNP ) NN , it VBZ the air about the tip , and a small JJ purple jet of plasma can be seen in the dark on the JJ tip .	4	5	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
for the class that i 'm teaching i want to have the students read a short story by bruce NNP about people that live in a giants teeth but i ca n't find it anywhere on the internet or NN .	12	13	VBP	read	reads
NNP pictures ' first venture is the JJ NN web series NNP NNP !	4	5	VBZ	is	are
continue left , after a short distance the road makes a CD turn to the right .	8	9	VBZ	makes	make
the heir apparent to the NN is robert john hudson palmer ( born 1960 ) , eldest son of the 8th baronet .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
their main NN factors are their stripes and their NNS ; the former has a NN , white tail and 5 stripes , while the latter has a fuller , JJ tail and JJ stripes .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i think the edit war is over and some resolution has been met in that the page is neither strictly positive or negative now .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
rain falls frequently between spring and summer ( NN ) , NNS with NNS occur in late summer and early autumn .	0	1	VBZ	falls	fall
education provision includes a range of courses offered by the manchester college that enable prisoners to gain vocational and academic qualifications .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
though they potentially faced legal action , the los angeles radio station NN noted that , `` some things are more important .	18	19	VBP	are	is
volume 9 reveals that NNP knows where his wife is ; it would not be hard for him to VB a reunion .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the site of NNP house ' is today marked by a plaque .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the dam itself is an JJ NN dam , 43 m high and CD m wide .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the entry shows that CD people have said that they own the game .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the NN is dominated by two walks lined with mature NN trees , the branches meet overhead forming a JJ arcade .	14	15	VBP	meet	meets
facts are all the eye can see , eyes can not see truth .	0	1	VBP	are	is
his JJ NNS are a NN of baroque expression and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when one party to a divorce is unable to afford an attorney that party is allowed to request the court to order the NN with the greater income or assets to pay all or part of the other NN 's legal fees .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a policy page is exactly where to discuss it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although the two student governments are separate , they work closely in VBG joint events .	4	5	VBP	are	is
i provided no less information than the something like human cover , which no one seems to have a problem with .	14	15	VBZ	seems	seem
so basically what i am trying to say is that this problem is rather deep for more complex spaces ( not necessarily NNS ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
and on NN , yes , i do expect a tag to not be used as a tool of NN while editors work toward a consensus .	21	22	VBP	work	works
NNP NN , common name the rat cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the cone snails and their allies .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the museum contains JJ panels that cover each NN 's career and NNS through text , photographs , and artifacts .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
parishes cover only part of england .	0	1	VBP	cover	covers
the NN machine is no longer present , but sat on a concrete foundation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP 's mountains are JJ and the soil is not suitable for mining due to soft clay surface .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the links in the biography do work .	1	5	VBP	do	does
sometimes people have to disagree with policy and ignore it to get things changed .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the only paper by him that this article cites is from 1977 , when he was 80 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
RB , a NNP space is a space of functions with sufficiently many NNS for some application domain , such as partial differential equations , and equipped with a norm that measures both the size and NN of a function .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
as of right now , the NNP submission interface simply asks readers if they found what they were looking for and asks for suggestions if any .	8	10	VBZ	asks	ask
his blog is RB popular , getting more traffic than any other climate change blog by far .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village offers an NN ( considering surrounding villages ) quality of NNS to the visitors in hotels and NNS , including a local howard johnson 's .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the first four NNS are the nato supply classification group ( NNP ) code .	3	4	VBP	are	is
sorry if i came of strong here , but this is something i feel very strongly about ; and the citation style i use is not forbidden or VBN by current rules ) .	21	24	VBZ	is	are
all NNP NNS are NN VBN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the promotional video opens with NNP and NNP buying artificial bombs and a small statue of NNP 's david in a mad NN .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
JJ magnetic NN page appears to a NN physics page ; the topic is at best obscure , the text appears to be filled with errors , NNS , dubious statements , and a general NN of NNS using notation from a variety of different disciplines .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
because of the use of both digital signal processing and analog NN , JJ NNP are usually designed for a very specific purpose and their design requires a high level of expertise and careful use of computer aided design ( NNP ) tools .	25	26	VBZ	requires	require
comment article is about a fictional alien race , not a planet .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are white VBN with JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP mountains rise up RB behind the town .	2	3	VBP	rise	rises
her legs are open in all , with her left leg VBN ; this being a central JJ NN in each .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this transaction contains an early recorded instance of specified exceptions to the above NNS , which were typical of such arrangements at the time .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
furthermore , the writer , elizabeth NNP , is notable .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
his awards include the companion of the order of st michael and st george ( NNP ) and the distinguished service order ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the character of NNP covers his nose with a NNP .	1	4	VBZ	covers	cover
an energy management system requires a process for compliance and NN of JJ regulations .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
other than teaching the children to help themselves , and teaching them team work , the show also helps the native parts of the region by `` NNS '' to teams who lose , which , most of the time , bring fun to the JJ team 's hearts .	13	18	VBZ	helps	help
the hospital VBZ 180 , 000 NNS and 2 , 000 NNS annually at 7 operating locations and maintains NNP medical support ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	treats	treat
so list stub redirects here if you really want to see them go , but i , personally , will not do so for the time being .	2	3	VBZ	redirects	redirect
although every entry has a citation , unfortunately the trail immediately grows cold as the citations are all to web pages that simply list names without giving any evidence whatsoever that the people named have add .	15	16	VBP	are	is
and what your comments about scientific journals have to do with my NN of cherry picking is something i do n't understand .	3	7	VBP	have	has
CD people wear JJ NN with traditional NNP cap and NNP of beautiful designs which are made locally .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
design for test ( aka `` design for NNP '' or `` NNP '' ) is a name for design techniques that add certain NN features to a JJ hardware product design .	0	15	VBZ	is	are
NN needs good drainage and often dry soils in summer and winter when plants are JJ , in the spring plants like NN soils for best growth .	13	14	VBP	are	is
a JJ system is an in NN tool widely used to study biological reactions that happen within cells while reducing the complex interactions found in a whole cell .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the longest known cut is CD minutes long and is only RB available as a NN copy on various file sharing platforms .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her father is of JJ descent while her mother is NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when records and VBG professionals use the term POS ' they are referring to the permanent storage of records , not merely their removal from current usage .	1	5	VBP	use	uses
at the NNP unit in NNP , all JJ NNS now have their hearing tested , with a dedicated hearing NN who carries out the tests to discover any problems as soon as possible after the baby is born .	9	11	VBP	have	has
the unfortunate fact here is that we have let this go for 10 months now , and it has created a monster .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
this position statement aims to provide that guidance .	2	3	VBZ	aims	aim
the bear with an JJ image on the building is the symbol of NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
keep - content seems to be encyclopedic .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the incident remains britain 's worst NN fire services disaster .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
route CD is famous for allowing a NN to cross the entire NN of the city of NNP in 120 seconds .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP and crew become more and more concerned as first the boat 's motor fails and then the `` monster '' appears to be attacking the vessel in a VBG NN .	19	21	VBZ	appears	appear
two plots sold at the same auction will fall under this provision , for example , but a period of a month between contracts is too long .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
light green in color , these flowers are very JJ in the spring .	6	7	VBP	are	is
it is not entirely clear , however , whether the birds are indeed p .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the english surname is an early medieval JJ meaning `` son of NNP '' , an JJ name for a mayor .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's reference to the essential NN of the NNS also applies to JJ structures in JJ structural NNS .	2	11	VBZ	applies	apply
NN are so deep that no compromise is possible either politically or RB .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the tubes that comprise the NN surface on the NN of the cap are deep ; the JJ NNS are up to 2 .	1	13	VBP	are	is
the amount of oxygen produced also depends on the light available .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend
the JJ sign ( - ) is the NNP version of the JJS sign , and doubles as a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the scientific establishment tends to reject , NN or ignore evidence that conflicts with accepted theories , while VBG or VBG the messenger .	2	3	VBZ	tends	tend
many JJ stamp NNS include postal NN in their listings and there are many books devoted to the postal NN of individual countries .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
here , however , the similarities between the NNP of central asia and the NNPS of the NNP desert lands of central arabia end , and the horses begin to VB to suit their environments and the fighting styles of their NNS .	27	28	VBP	begin	begins
fbi physicians VBP death within two days ; while an experimental treatment involving the stem cells of a family member does exist , it has a low probability of success .	1	2	VBP	predict	predicts
how NNP finishes the NNS and finishes his job forms the rest of the story .	8	9	VBZ	forms	form
japan national beach soccer team represents japan in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by japan football association , the governing body for football in japan .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
NNP holidays have 4 holiday parks in the south west including NNP and NNP bay in cornwall , NNP in dorset and NNP island in hampshire .	1	2	VBP	have	has
otherwise , the impression given is that NNP is JJ , JJ , and JJ .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the best placed teams in the state championships as well as the best ranked clubs in NNP 's ranking compete in the copa do NNP .	3	23	VBP	do	does
JJ solution of NNP in water is 1 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
lithuania relationship is a complicated one ; the NN ( as i think is noted somewhere ) was requested to provide polish assistance but refused ; however , it is not always clear to what extent it was involved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the second NN is at the french prison colony at NNP in french NNP while the third NN sets the scene where the lead character , NNP ( NNP NNP ) , a newspaper publisher , is VBN for a murder to silence him .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when there is not enough NNS , this rule is used when , the batsman has to play defensive or a proper NN shot , ( the pull and hook shot is considered as NN .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
the NNP people lived in puerto rico , where the oldest known site is the NNP site , dating from CD bce .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
generally , it is difficult creating new articles , as so many different policies apply .	13	14	VBP	apply	applies
the three district general hospitals in the area - NNP general , NNP hospital in NNP and NNP hospital in east NNP - each have an accident and emergency department and provide a range of specialist medical and surgical services .	4	24	VBP	have	has
the atmosphere of the stories suggests a time of economic NN .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
for the record , i have absolutely no connection to NNP or any other NN company , and as far as i know , no one in my family or close circle of friends has any connection to NNP or any other NN company .	25	34	VBZ	has	have
the overlap with us 36 ends at the northern edge of NNP where us 36 continues north to rocky mountain national park , and route CD turns east becoming JJ highway .	1	26	VBZ	turns	turn
the player takes command of a us los NNP or soviet NNP class nuclear powered attack submarine and plays 10 missions ranging from into either cold war NNS or combat missions in a JJ global conflict .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
thus , in the mk classification system , the JJ class NNP has the line at NN CD .	10	12	VBZ	has	have
although nearly everything has changed , their friendship still seems very strong .	7	9	VBZ	seems	seem
his real name is NNP NNP , and he is the RB CD series .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
notable brands include miller electric , NNP NNS , foster NNP , and the wolf range company .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS of utility are relationships formed without regard to the other person at all .	0	3	VBP	are	is
little NN , little personality , and one game appearance makes it a perfect list candidate .	9	10	VBZ	makes	make
this work somewhat exhibits NNS in the aspects of JJ development and orchestral sound .	1	3	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
as the positive feedback VBD in for devil in a blue dress , the ambitious members of the NNP decided to start a new project , this time to incorporate distinct NNS , NNS , sounds , weapons , and anything else that was possible to change .	27	35	VBZ	sounds	sound
december 2012 ( utc ) it seems the bot operator is no longer interested .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP some are so easy to VB that even the NNP would be VBN , although most employers do care .	17	18	VBP	do	does
the tower for NNP is above sea level on NNP peak .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
last sentence of NNP NN section is unreferenced .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the site is between NNP golf course , the sheffield parkway , NNP NNP yards and british steel 's NNP rolling mill .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
among his NNS were jacob bryant , NNP NNP and anna NNP ; NNP 's letters to him are in her letters ( CD ) , NNS .	15	18	VBP	are	is
even if the education program VBZ considerably we 're talking about maybe a dozen or so JJ users in a day .	4	5	VBZ	expands	expand
sometimes consumers are better off and producers worse off , and sometimes consumers are worse off and producers are better off , but the NN of trade restrictions causes a net loss to society because the losses from trade restrictions are larger than the gains from trade restrictions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
band membership stands currently at over 60 musicians , who come from all across the [ [ east midlands ] ] and who range in age from 17 to CD .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
for the moment , it is pretty JJ on its own ; once the media stories stop , all this is is a cardinals NN NN .	15	16	VBP	stop	stops
its principal activity is the production , distribution and sale of bmw passenger cars in mainland china .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN appears unknown on google , except in the article his page links to , and that page has two different NNS of his surname .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
free trade is a very JJ JJ idea .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original name , NNP , in NNP , means `` river of the painted birds '' .	2	9	VBZ	means	mean
all 23 listed players are JJ NNS and are not binding until signing their national letter of intent during the national signing period february 3 , 2010 - april 1 , 2010 .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as much as the bbc has a reputation for neutrality , the proportion of references from bbc sources is higher than might be expected .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
according to the former general , `` the NNS of the international atomic energy agency ( NNP ) are VBG themselves if they believe that the nuclear facilities on and under the ground are only for peaceful purposes .	27	33	VBP	are	is
district 103 is 1 of 12 elementary districts in lake county to receive this recognition by NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
professional sports achievements are subject to national pride for NNPS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this seems to be good in describing how to change it without any additional software , although i VBP remember that some card drivers allow you to do it in NNP in the card properties VBP .	23	24	VBP	allow	allows
the main urban centres are the cities of santa maria da NNP ( city pop .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the two men are in love with NNP and NNP , the daughters of NNP 's governor , george NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ road begins in NNP county at the combined routes of bus .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
as always , prose quality is something i am looking for feedback on , as well as an outside opinion on whether i 've given all aspects of NNP 's life and career fair treatment .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
if the reference entity NNS , the protection NN pays the NN the par value of the bond in exchange for physical delivery of the bond , although settlement may also be by cash or auction .	8	9	VBZ	pays	pay
a number of activities for international students VBZ their integration and help students to find new friends .	1	7	VBZ	facilitates	facilitate
the highway passes between a commercial strip on the JJ side of the highway and an industrial area on the east side of the railroad tracks .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
i believe it should be kept as it is a fact that the album is to be produced RB , and since the writing on it has begun .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
he also drove in CD runs to break NNP NNP 's JJ franchise record of CD in 1936 ( to date , the NNP total also remains a white sox NN record ) .	24	26	VBZ	remains	remain
as the lowest factors become higher the peaks move left and eventually merge to give the lowest value primary peak .	3	4	VBP	become	becomes
control cities on guide signs are chicago and ohio .	1	5	VBP	are	is
how anyone could call that original research is beyond me .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
two committees run the management of the temple .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the fact that the list of notable NNS includes just one viewing in NNP , michigan over a bowl of NNS is sort of funny .	4	8	VBZ	includes	include
the school also offers an architectural program , digital arts program , and product design program in portland , oregon .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the japanese name `` NNP '' means `` paper NN '' or the `` rice paper butterfly '' , idea NN , and is known especially for its presence in butterfly NNS and live butterfly NNS .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean
a JJ NN is any one of numerous NNS that occur in the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the painting quality of this picture looks inferior to the rest , showing that NNP left most of its execution to his workshop .	2	6	VBZ	looks	look
the point is no matter what proof is presented , NNP will continue to believe ( and press when he can ) that i am a sock .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the middle part has NNS along its sides and also pairs of NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
each guest receives a NN and a NN game meal .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
by winning this game after VBG by 17 points , the lions are the first team in nfl history that have won 3 games in one season in which they VBD by at least 17 points .	11	12	VBP	are	is
finally , the book about it is JJ .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the temple VBZ six day long annual festival in the month of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
the movie begins with the story of a woman named allison ( NNP NNP ) who has come into possession of the NNP , a mysterious book of NNS that writes itself .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
several festivals are all around norway every year , for example the blues in hell festival ( close to NNP ) and the oslo blues NNP in bergen .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the circle is the plane curve VBG the maximum area for a given arc length .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN is a memory management mechanism intended for the efficient memory NN of NN objects which displays the desirable property of eliminating NN caused by NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
note , and this article certainly does not .	4	6	VBZ	does	do
rock bay is a neighbourhood VBG downtown victoria , british columbia , canada , whose borders are the upper harbour on the west , bay street on the north , NNP street on the east , and approximately NNP city of victoria street on the south .	15	16	VBP	are	is
this issue appears to be VBN , not content so i referred it here .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the NN is a spreading array of clusters of tiny pink to VB flowers with darker red NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other groups of small organisms from the NNP era also show signs of NN defenses .	1	10	VBP	show	shows
its plan consists of a nave and NN in one chamber , a south NN , a north NN and a NN with a single bell at the west .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the up platform , opened in 1976 , is of similar length .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
other special guests on the album include steve NNP ( NNP t and the m .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
a list of american military NNS is in the list of u .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
same-sex sexual activity is legal in new hampshire , and the state has offered civil unions since january 1 , 2008 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if they get VBN , you just walk out and you still have the photo and the right to use it ( because us freedom of NN includes public areas of private buildings , like NNS and sales floors ) .	24	27	VBZ	includes	include
the market day in NNP is sunday .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
afd ( `` the project is not about casting !	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this tradition assumes that much of central mexico was dominated by a `` NNP empire '' between the 10th and 12th century ce .	1	2	VBZ	assumes	assume
the format of my name is incorrect .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the game show which the simpsons take part in to win tickets back home is an extremely over the top parody of japanese NNS .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the station itself has six platforms serving three rail tracks and is VBN by a distinctive JJ glass roof .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the city of harrison is to the south , and the harrison NNP code CD also serves all of frost township .	13	16	VBZ	serves	serve
i generally avoid JJ references regarding wikipedia editors , if it is important for regular editors , the admins need to put it on wikipedia .	18	19	VBP	need	needs
their main JJ contributions are in the area of expertise and due process .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the end of the calendar year is a common time of year for format NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this person is not a street artist and must be removed from the list of street artists in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
your note here suggests that you meant only that NNP should not mention NNP in the mainspace .	1	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
if two players have 50 points the hand is a draw , and another hand is dealt .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
with the exception of percussion , bass NN and some tenor NN music , all parts are VBG and written in the JJ NN .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the countries with lower NNS are more likely to have more NNS , because of the lack of resources they have and the supplies to prepare for a flood .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the wings are long but are RB used for long flights .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the town is less well-known than its immediate and larger JJ NNP , which is 12 kilometres away .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its main attraction is `` NNP '' , a mansion from 19th century .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
you talk about community , but your aim is nothing less than to VB these article from examination by the community at large .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
such a function is called a JJ correspondence or a NN , and has the property that every element corresponds to exactly one element .	18	19	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
underwater searches are procedures carried out by NNS in order to find a known or suspected target object or objects in a specified search area under water .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my entire history is on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other public schools include southeast NNP high school , william james middle school , NNP chapel middle school , julia p .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
because a NN NN is a derivative of a simpler food does not make the other version less notable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i will agree with speedy keep , but the article is very poor , reads like an ad , and has no good references .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
approaching the station , the old goods yard is on the right and three camp coaches are kept here where volunteers working on the railway can stay overnight .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
pearl NNS are not closely related to either the JJ NNS of family NNP , or the freshwater pearl NNS of the families NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no point in NNP tears is the debut album by NNP and was released on 29 september 2008 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP every type has a power type .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the way to escape is to VB the legs as slowly as possible in order to reduce NN , to try spreading the arms and legs far apart and lying NN to increase the body 's surface area , which should allow one to VB .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
students from the school do theatrical performances several times a year in one of their three acting spaces .	0	4	VBP	do	does
june 2010 ; encourages people to revert quickly so that page protection VBZ their preferred version .	11	12	VBZ	protects	protect
well you guys RB wrong , the servers are in the usa .	7	8	VBP	are	is
it was founded in november 2005 , and its headquarters are in zagreb , croatia .	9	10	VBP	are	is
some research demonstrates that , at least for older children , there may be utility to extending the development of JJ awareness skills in the context of activities that involve letters and spelling .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
on match days of the NNP NNP soccer club the line ends instead of the regular terminus NNP at the NNP station , which is only open on these occasions .	10	11	VBZ	ends	end
the full privileges and NNS belong to those who , after VBG to years of NN , receive confirmation of their NN .	2	5	VBP	belong	belongs
sources include jeffrey NNP with the grand rapids press and NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the video for the song shows them dancing in and on top of a bus .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
most digital systems divide into `` JJ systems '' and `` JJ systems .	2	3	VBP	divide	divides
also , the absence of NN has no relation to NN of notability .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
otherwise , the article looks quite sound , and is greatly improved since my JJ days last month .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
the song is rather JJ , VBG the theme of the film .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
surrender is the second ep from philadelphia 's paint it black .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
single `` NN '' citation is to an unreliable source and is a JJ bit of trivia .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
have not VBN yet , but the effect that a kick on the balls has on a man is perhaps the most notable pain a man can experience with little effort from the NN .	10	14	VBZ	has	have
NNS find it easy to use .	0	1	VBP	find	finds
will consider JJ NN if disruption continues .	5	6	VBZ	continues	continue
NNP 's algorithm that cuts down on the size of the NN that must be explored , if additional information is available that provides a lower bound on the `` distance '' to the target .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
a rally marshal holds much the same duties , but are present at NNS .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
this image is vital to describing the album , which was created in the JJ rock era .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such condition is that the NNPS negotiate a successful arena lease with the la NNP center .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS employee , RB owns the mr .	1	4	VBZ	owns	own
fair use in trick ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the house currently has CD seats on three levels .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the use of a fictional character also allows for dramatic conflict to be created more easily in the episode we VBP this program , with another fictional reporter brett NNP ( jay NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	allows	allow
if a wine or spirit is not on the list of registered brands , then it can not be bought or sold in pennsylvania .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the film is now in the public domain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the daily independent newspaper begins publication .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
a list of works by NNP muhammad NNP NNP is as follows .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
opposition forces in libya make gains IN nato bombing , reportedly operating out of the capital NNP .	1	4	VBP	make	makes
it is important to note that unlike the un 's human development index where argentina has an index of 0 , CD in 2006 , on this report the country has an index of 0 , CD .	29	30	VBZ	has	have
turns head side to side when in a NN ( face up ) position ; can not hold head up and line with the body .	0	1	VBP	head	heads
our readers deserve the best encyclopedia possible and this is part of that process .	1	2	VBP	deserve	deserves
united NNP group or NNP group is an indian NN company headquartered in NNP city , bangalore in the state of karnataka the company chairman is NNP NNP who had been a member of the indian parliament .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP , the guardian of the NNP faith has said that while the texts are not VBN , the NNS can still be used by NNP and in the future work will be done to find which parts are authentic .	38	39	VBP	are	is
a JJ death is always neutral evil .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in a subsequent 2009 study , NNP and NNP NNP showed that NN NNS make JJ NNS between electric NNS and the quality of the shells they VBP .	13	14	VBP	make	makes
topics include VBG , NNS , social media , public speaking , event planning , and social networking .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
appears to be entirely original research ; a search indicates that this is a NN .	8	9	VBZ	indicates	indicate
thus , to the extent that any of this can be sourced to primary sources , then a merger is appropriate .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the film starts as a clash between good and evil , a landscape that marks cinema across the world .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
whenever , creation is dissolved , all physical forms merge back into him .	8	9	VBP	merge	merges
water bearing units are generally JJ and separated by relatively JJ units .	2	3	VBP	are	is
their JJ domain of JJ core protein VBZ with JJ NN and VBG molecules in the cell NN .	2	7	VBZ	interacts	interact
i would post diffs , but the edit history of NNP is so short that simply VBG the contribs is quite easy .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
v amongst many other problems , as the comments show .	8	9	VBP	show	shows
VBN NNP as part of his `` solar NN theory '' conceived of JJ force as a real NN force which is induced by the circulation of the body upon which the force acts .	32	33	VBZ	acts	act
usage of this tool enables NNS to perform a variety of analysis on NNS JJ data such as NNP ( local field NNS ) , NNP , NNP , NNP spike times and also on JJ data such as NNP and dynamic optical imaging data .	0	4	VBZ	enables	enable
the lead has five NNS , and they certainly are n't all related to figures either .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN photo showing JJ cars and thick crowds on jefferson street is perhaps the best known of the set .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
i think that a checkuser may be VBN here , just to see how deep this particular rabbit hole goes .	18	19	VBZ	goes	go
the tunnel towards NNP garden ( at this point heading southwest ) passes under the NNP tunnels .	1	12	VBZ	passes	pass
perhaps there could be a paragraph at the top explaining that the eu does not have its own military , but the member states do .	23	24	VBP	do	does
most often , the goal is to form a union at an employer 's NN or multiple NNS simultaneously .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
but they differ in detail , and the detail that NNP provides only applies to one of them .	8	13	VBZ	applies	apply
text suggests a risk of copyvio .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
comment perhaps it belongs in a trivia section on another page about college soccer or soccer itself , but not its own page .	0	3	VBZ	belongs	belong
NNP el NNP 's climate is mild during spring and autumn , dry and warm in summer , and cold during winter .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
smaller collections of items related mostly to the history of sofia are in the national archaeological museum , a former mosque located between the NNS of the national bank and the presidency .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the frontier NNS have very powerful pokémon , often including legendary pokémon , making a victory even more difficult than in the main storyline .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the model is the same used at NNP stadium .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , he is occasionally shown to have a JJ NN side , and it is mentioned his only friends are the NN monsters .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the population of NNP is CD in 1968 NNP was declared a seat of township .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the school offers vocational NN in power mechanics , aerospace , building construction and fashion technology .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
this proposal is basically where this conversation is going .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , as musicians call her , does mostly charity work and recordings that contribute to those in need ( most noted for `` doctors without borders '' ) .	3	4	VBP	call	calls
this NN is published via the NNP platform where 180 , 000 publishers together serve 38 million users .	12	14	VBP	serve	serves
another work that deserves notice is a JJ composition called in the beginning of the era , 1962 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the bridge connects NNP township on the north with new brunswick on the south .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
and a picture is certainly worth a thousand words .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a british female student , whose real name is NNP lynn .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
when the overall number of candidates is reduced , the nomination by the professors comes down to two students .	10	14	VBZ	comes	come
NNP intermediate school ( NNP ) ; the two schools are separate entities according to the district ( NNP serves grades CD while NNP serves grades JJ ) , but share the same building .	9	10	VBP	are	is
both images are JJ and both are NN from wikimedia commons .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the winner gets immunity from elimination .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
an alternative explanation is that the name refers to a `` holding '' to the south of new haven , from IN the original settlers VBD .	6	7	VBZ	refers	refer
the argument for deleting it because it might cause NN to the subject later in life is not convincing , since wikipedia is not VBN .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
i am not a NNP fan , my NNS stretch to certain other canadian bands but not this one .	8	9	VBP	stretch	stretches
the proper response to original research is to delete it , not to use it to justify more original research .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS , airlines and JJ flights operate from terminal 1 , whilst international flights use terminal 2 .	0	6	VBP	operate	operates
NN and built in 1907 , the building is the last NN of downtown omaha 's NNP canyon .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
below NNP , the river runs between the ruins of NNP castle in the north and the castle of NNP in the south then across the municipality of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run
the paper is well known on the left for its JJ articles , close attention to NNP theory and the politics of other JJ groups .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the soil is of a clay nature , perfect for the making of NNS and tiles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both stations are unrelated to the current NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the use of bells is symbolic of the NN of the gospel .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the contract NNS in units of 1 , 000 NNS , and the delivery point is NNP , oklahoma , which is also accessible to the international spot markets via NNS .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
most NNS are from queensland , tropical western australia and the northern territory .	1	2	VBP	are	is
british convention is to put JJ NNS on all photos even in the economist , newspapers , etc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in a JJ village where a wedding is taking place , a communist representative holds a speech about how JJ the villagers are .	13	14	VBZ	holds	hold
the specific heat depends on the effective mass through the density of states at the NNP level and as such is a measure of NN as well as band NN .	2	3	VBZ	depends	depend
this will cost an aerial unit a unit of fuel which can cause the aerial unit to crash if the remaining fuel is insufficient to return to a city or carrier .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
anthony gained his nickname of NNP after the other members of the show noticed how odd his personality is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
its headquarters are in the city of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the metals produce an JJ effect due to VB formation and subsequent ion formation , making them RB active .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
NNP 's voice is again subtle and NNS around the guitar work .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as it relates to the issue before us , the question is not whether he VBZ a philosopher , but whether we can VB his NNS as a philosopher , via independent and JJ sources .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
another type of VBG evidence comes from using the NNP method , i .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
it is in NNP zone 1 , and its ticket office is part-time only .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
almost identical to the , the only differences are the equipment on the NN deck and NN 1 .	7	8	VBP	are	is
harris 's investigations reveal fuller 's relationship with carol NNP ( julie london ) , the JJ vocalist on his show , and various conflicts of interest involving his relationship with various song publishers whose songs were performed on fuller 's program .	2	3	VBP	reveal	reveals
legend has it that it was designed to be `` riot proof .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
sometimes the dream is identified with success in sports or how working class immigrants seek to join the american way of life .	13	14	VBP	seek	seeks
the table below shows the 2005 tennis masters series schedule .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the city has facilities for sports such as cricket , swimming , shooting , skating and hockey .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
support this proposal - seems to be objective and definitely relevant to the case .	2	4	VBZ	seems	seem
my opinion is that the NNP franchise came to be only in 1996 even if then NNP owner luis `` NNP '' lorenzo was somehow a NN of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it has been observed that cells containing a specific NN NN tend to cluster together to the NN of other types , both in cell culture and during development .	5	11	VBP	tend	tends
the members of the genus NNP and larger white NN , such as the NNP NNP and major mitchell 's NNP , have shorter , VB wings and a more JJ flight .	1	22	VBP	have	has
iceland relations refer to international relations between canada and iceland .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers
it can also be used to VB certain physical and psychological wounds , such as restoring a person 's voice , NN or memories , though the main purpose of NNP NNP is assassination .	28	32	VBZ	is	are
image is not in this section however .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
also , i 'm not sure why this template offers `` date ( s ) of birth , '' in the plural ( or birth name ( s ) , for that matter ) .	8	9	VBZ	offers	offer
if the player fails to save sara , she too is placed into storage for future NN by NNP .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
other NNP members include john NNP , NNP jane NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP ray and writers eric NNP , NNP rich , john ford , joey NNP , joe porter , and ryan NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
while it is certainly the case that buildings 200 years old remain in service , many have limitations which would not be acceptable ( or even legal ) in new construction .	7	11	VBP	remain	remains
the eggs are small , one NN of an inch in length , and hatch in 2 to 4 days .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the challenge that the NNP faces is what to do when such tools do not work .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
every source i 've found simply describes the process whereby bodies come into lock , and does n't give even the JJS NN at when this happened .	10	11	VBP	come	comes
i want to die when my time comes , quickly and suddenly , in the full tide of my strength and health .	6	7	VBZ	comes	come
another example of this approach is NNP national heritage .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the general arrangement of the NNP is very similar to other contemporary combat engines , such as the NNP NNP , general electric NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i find the best solution at the moment is to simply wait , and if 30 days run past with no answer from her , our ability to request checkuser is VBN and the case has lost any NN .	16	17	VBP	run	runs
this request is about NNP editing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film is about a rookie NN who teams up with a female reporter to investigate drug trafficking and police corruption .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the 3 NN NN 4 is a bit more demanding that i expected , but the graphics card is n't particularly cutting edge .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the postal code of the area is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
although such a state is physically JJ and , strictly speaking , not a function , it can be thought of as an `` ideal state '' whose position is known exactly ( any measurement of the position always returns the JJ NNP ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i suggest you read this link to see that summary is a welcomed editorial process .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
publicity firm of the person the blp is about .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the real bone of NN is the hospital that NNP has VBN for the village , which he wants his son NNP and NN , both doctors to VB and maintain for the NN of the community .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
jeff strain , a founder of NNP , said , `` it is our opinion that the free online gaming model combined with frequent content updates is the JJ online NN for VBG with consumers and creating a significant , VBG gaming franchise .	20	26	VBZ	is	are
air transport to and from the city is available through NNP valley international airport .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the margin is pretty thin , though .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
hence , NNP 's discovery demonstrated that the atomic numbers of elements are not just rather arbitrary numbers based on chemistry and the NN of NNS , but rather , they have a firm experimental basis from the physics of their x-ray NN .	9	12	VBP	are	is
NNP village is 6 km away from NNP , 25 km away from the capital city NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the national debt is in effect a way of VBG public spending and VBG the federal budget , NNP argues .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there are a couple little things in my talk page archives ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) , but this discussion is what caused me the most stress so far .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
this article contains articles related to max NNP , including his writings and theories .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the legend says that a royal couple once had an argument and their spirits lay in the two rock NNS side by side for NN .	13	14	VBP	lay	lays
NNP was the concept that life is JJ and nothing RB VBZ forever .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
each episode consists of two stories , and six episodes have been produced .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the strategic aim of the excavations is to study the settlement as a specific cultural system .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
another aspect of JJ discourse is the NN of the NN , in which high school boys would act out JJ NN or VB to be sexually attracted to men .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the notability guidelines for lists are incomplete at best .	2	5	VBP	are	is
relative mode has a simpler NN and was more typical for referring to program variables and jump destinations .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the territorial extension is different from that of the area called `` the NNP '' , which refers to three provinces of 1936 , which also include area from NNP province .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
page ranges in the references should use NNS not NNS .	0	1	VBZ	ranges	range
the nearest larger villages are NNP to its north , and NNP to its southeast .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this protein causes cells to VB excessive amounts of sugar , which can cause the condition NN ( low blood sugar ) .	1	2	VBZ	causes	cause
the main loading bank and the remains of a building or other loading facility are the only visible remnants .	3	6	VBZ	remains	remain
the purpose of the aliens on earth is unclear , but they are JJ towards both the american and korean armies .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the story follows the NNS of simon NNP ( NNP NNP ) , starting as a new medical student at the fictional st NNP 's hospital in london .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
their unique units are the NNP , which VBZ the longest range in the game , and the rocket , also with a JJ range .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her ideology is that if they are there , they can at least try to help them since they might be stuck there forever .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after NNP gives some reasons for thinking that numbers are objects , he VBZ that statements of numbers are NNS about concepts .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the first written record of the poem is in dorothy NNP 's journal , october 1798 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
each object is listed in JJ order of its discovery ( multiple dates occur when the moments of imaging , observation , and publication differ ) , identified through its various NNS ( including temporary and permanent schemes ) , and the NN ( s ) listed .	12	13	VBP	occur	occurs
some versions of NN are forms of NN , but most NNS view the philosophy as RB extreme .	1	4	VBP	are	is
many NNS from the army had gone back to their native villages in the to protect them , VBG village councils everywhere are hard at work attending to electricity needs , maintaining the water supply and VBG the rule of law .	20	22	VBP	are	is
the director tells NNP to cease this immediately .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the purpose of the NNP design draft is to show the design proposed , and to explain how the user interface enables the user to complete the main use cases , without going into details .	20	21	VBZ	enables	enable
NNP is unhappy to learn that life among them is `` all work and no play .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
october 2011 ( utc ) regarding the idea mentioned above , that NN plays a huge part - when designing a computer model using CD max , for example , many models - especially faces - are designed completely JJ .	12	13	VBZ	plays	play
another way to think of a time NN experiment is that the NNP is a `` channel NN '' .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the advantage many europeans have is that most eu countries encourage the mandatory teaching of two foreign languages to all secondary school students , which is usually english plus the language of a neighbouring country .	9	10	VBP	encourage	encourages
this passage VBZ more weight to the JJ position .	1	2	VBZ	lends	lend
the film is a tragedy based on a NN ( NN ) NN ' , who born from a rich noble father and a NN mother .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its source is cedar lake which is located in marion township in the southeastern corner of NNP county , and it runs about u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN ( assuming the shadow falls on a wall or other similar JJ object ) is always going to make a triangle , and the relative lengths of the legs of the triangle determine how long the light takes to reach the observer .	38	39	VBZ	takes	take
a bit of a NN though , because admins during the day hours of our time zone are hard to come by and it can take a while to get help .	8	17	VBP	are	is
also , blocks are JJ ( not JJ ) , and at this point a block would only serve as punishment , rather than serving the intended purpose of protecting wikipedia from disruption .	2	3	VBP	are	is
because of the value of his work , the generic term of NNP is often refer to NNP NNP 's books in particular , as far as the turkish language and studies are concerned .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
probably the earliest film reference is in safety last , in which the protagonist VBZ a JJR but can not afford the accompanying chain .	13	14	VBZ	buys	buy
strong NN holds that regulation is required whenever there is a possible risk to health , safety , or the environment , even if the supporting evidence is JJ and even if the economic costs of regulation are high .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
another method is to dig deep into the ground in order to remove as much of the grass as possible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , the area belongs to the NNP city district of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	belongs	belong
the book often dealt with ecological and animal rights issues .	1	3	VBZ	dealt	dealt
however , two notable exceptions to this rule are the songs , '' de NNP ' and the NNP de NNP ' , which are considered NNS in spite of their names .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the foundation for universal responsibility of his NNP the NNP NNP is a non-profit organization established with the nobel peace prize awarded to the 14th NNP NNP in 1989 .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , the draft is rather difficult to understand for NNS - i had no idea what a `` young loop forming NN '' is , for example .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the normal range of NN is 30 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
right the regulation of the heating is long term application and with a NN you have more NN to do than with a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
comment this is a general policy comment .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
his full name is kelly williams .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i have no doubt that this hotel is one that carries an international reputation and can see where NNP is coming from in that regard , but i have seen nothing provided that makes this particular hotel stand out from the crowd .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
many practitioners of NN also oppose NN .	1	5	VBP	oppose	opposes
available texts include conservative text , using the NNP clause , reform , NNP and NNP texts .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
VBG market value and NNP impact of fossil fuel price changes uses publicly available data on stock returns , analyst NNS estimates , and fossil fuel producer prices .	2	11	VBZ	uses	use
truth is beauty ; nothing in excess ; know PRP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the challenge is to VB emissions at their current level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nominator here is a bit JJ , but his argument is valid .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the lower inscription reads `` NNP [ m ] an [ n ] o d [ NN ] NN .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
some residents still use boats as their primary means of transportation to their summer homes on the lake including getting NNS .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
NN has been VBN in such a way that no bars contain identical beats and can therefore be played at both forty five and thirty three NNS under the proposed new law .	10	11	VBP	contain	contains
the phrase is a reference to vladimir NNP 's book NNP , in which a JJ man becomes sexually VBN with a JJ girl .	16	17	VBZ	becomes	become
i doubt if your room is really pitch black .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the lp effect is a result of collective quantum behavior of VBG electrons .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
morris , institute for creation research one of its principal claims is that RB objective orthodox science , with a foundation in NN , is actually a RB JJ religion .	16	24	VBZ	is	are
this upgrade includes additional lanes and auxiliary lanes .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
someone needs to contact that website then ; copyright violations are never fun .	9	10	VBP	are	is
remember that images are n't limited to photos ; NNS , drawings and maps are also part .	9	14	VBP	are	is
a JJ NN and bridge leads northwest from the park to NNP , which crosses the washington channel just west of the park .	2	5	VBZ	leads	lead
such NNS are not good practice .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a further breakdown of this figure shows that the descendants of the NNP number CD , 000 , and constitute 13 per cent ( of the NNPS in the state of israel , or CD , 000 or 12 .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show
for my part , i think NNP is just NNP the hero , because he actually has roots in more than one saga , because he gets VBN , and because his function is hero , with a big h .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the agreement also includes an arrangement to bill NNP wireless services on NNP bills .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the 80 or so JJ NNS form a protein interaction domain containing a JJ NN , which has been called the NNP NN because of the JJ NN and JJ NNS it contains .	5	6	VBP	form	forms
another great reference is david NNP 's `` trumpet NNP '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
mtv 's plan of having the shows overlap each other was mtv 's original strategy for both shows .	6	7	VBP	overlap	overlaps
keep NNP associates has a JJ amount of coverage and the article reflects this .	11	12	VBZ	reflects	reflect
meanwhile , NNP 's mental problems become more and more obvious , yet nina is the only one who VBZ to address the issue .	5	6	VBP	become	becomes
hence , this enzyme has one NN , JJ , and two products , 2 , JJ and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
and if the boat is heavier at the bottom , it will VB well , and stay JJ , and not tend to tip over .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
adults are on wing from december to april in the south and from late march to april in the north .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the VBN trail consists of steep NNS and NNS throughout its duration .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
artists of note include edward NNP , eric NNP , michael NNP , michael NNP , paul beck , sir george NNP NNP , robert NNP , robert NNP , and the photographer , edwin smith .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
an interview database JJ by subject , project , NN , NN name , occupation , ethnicity , or interview number is available online .	2	21	VBZ	is	are
another main character in NNP 2 is the president of NNP freight , a large man that runs the company and keeps debt collectors away .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in contrast , in less populated areas , the disease is more likely to be VBN in a contained area and is not widespread .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN , which has great power , is currently in NNP 's possession .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the terrace consists of three NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the fear of VBG into the darkness is really the fear of not `` getting caught '' and instead spending the rest of his life living a lie , leaving nothing real behind .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in comparison , when the president speaks , his speech is carried on cbs , even though he has no affiliation with them .	5	6	VBZ	speaks	speak
the goal of wikipedia is to be an encyclopedia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
as an wikipedia discussion grows longer , the probability of claiming an association with the NNP approaches '' .	3	4	VBZ	grows	grow
the process is JJ in terms of energy usage , and is today replaced by the NNP process .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ specimens which previously were regarded as NNP specimens , are now represent the NNS of NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	11	VBP	are	is
if candidates intentionally engage in NN for the purpose of becoming a coordinator or lead coordinator , they should expect to receive a NN from the project .	1	3	VBP	engage	engages
NNS range from JJ JJ NNS sold by NNP , to JJ NNS by skilled NNS .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
even if the director is notable ( although not for directing ) , not everything he does is notable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
like i said , the google search brings up no reliable sources , only the wikipedia article itself , urban dictionary , blog NNS , and the like .	6	7	VBZ	brings	bring
the winner performs a piano concerto with the hudson valley philharmonic as part of the symphony NNP .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform
the shell grows to a height of 4 mm .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
a JJ primary election system is a variation of the NN system which holds a NN , and allows the top two candidates to pass to the general election .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's public elementary schools are the NNP elementary , NNP elementary , daniel p .	4	5	VBP	are	is
its goal is to VB an active sense of ownership and responsibility for natural , cultural , and historic resources in its NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , as long as the drug is present it will VB subtle effects within the body .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the company offers fuel and no other services as do regular gas stations ; pacific pride was also the name of a NN which was VBN after it suffered a broken shoulder in a NN at the del mar NNP .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the fourth floor is the grand reading room .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the austria davis cup team represents austria in davis cup tennis competition and are governed by tennis austria .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
the light causes chemical reactions to occur in the NN , and , after development ( a step that removes either the exposed or the JJ NN ) , a pattern determined by the mask remains on the sample .	17	35	VBZ	remains	remain
researchers VBD this was because , while answers to these questions all contain the same JJ structures , the latter group of questions require more NN to properly answer .	7	12	VBP	contain	contains
an estate of houses now occupies the land on which NNP abbey stood .	1	5	VBZ	occupies	occupy
historically , the glacier has at times reached all the way down to the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
traces of people here go back to the stone age .	0	4	VBP	go	goes
golden NNS also VBP a separate portion of the park .	1	3	VBP	inhabit	inhabits
the main entrance is to the platform served by trains to NNP , which is approached by a road from NNP square .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the type locality is NNP in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
every JJ creature who is not a genetic NN has a maximum of four genetic NNS , eight genetic NNS , sixteen genetic NNS , etc .	2	9	VBZ	has	have
almost the entire population of NNP belongs to the armenian apostolic church .	3	6	VBZ	belongs	belong
the first image is actually from her dvd ( loose live ) , and the second image is actually a single cover ( `` te NNP '' ) .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
its members advise the president and vice president to help the administration NN policy in the many areas where understanding of science , technology and innovation is key to forming policy .	1	2	VBP	advise	advises
the cylinder is a NN NN because at least one of the coordinates ( in this case ) does not appear in the equation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film takes place in los angeles and beverly hills .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
it is a data mining process model that describes commonly used approaches that expert data miners use to tackle problems .	15	16	VBP	use	uses
the cpu and NNP NNS seem fine so far in use ( this bit is to VB the people who will RB say `` your pc should n't be in a NN '' ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the interior of the church is high victorian gothic in design , painted white and gold with elaborate gothic NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's musical technique includes NN , NN NNS , and a unique JJ style referred to as a `` NN attack '' in which he VBZ the strings with the NNS of his middle and ring fingers which is inspired by michael NNP .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
in the early 21st century the infant NN rate is still high , about four times higher than the rest of canada , and the NN relatively short , about 13 years less than the rest of the country .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the wikipedia article states that the publication is the second most purchased paper in JJ uk , it must have some reasonable NN to factual content .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the idea of the NNP lion comes from a 2003 interview , made by president of NNP association daniel n .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come
NNP NNP , was born , according to the official NN , in 1920 ( his mother claims the date was one year later in 1921 ) .	16	17	VBZ	claims	claim
currently , the core of this business is the NNP range of products made from JJ seed NN at the company 's production facility at NNP near NNP , tamil nadu .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the village is perhaps the oldest extant roman catholic village in england , the NNS being the notable NN NNP family .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its topics and programs include health care , finance , travel , lifestyle , comedy , and drama .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
if in a language the verb follows both the JJ subject and JJ object as the dominant order , the language almost always has a case system .	5	6	VBZ	follows	follow
but bear in mind this is a culture in which families were regularly quite literally at war .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the road becomes south lake road and runs northwest through more rural areas .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
object NNS and class NNS are closely related object NNS are more concrete than class NNS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
in addition , the school also has several clubs , such as the drama club , the debate club , the environmental club , the living green team , el club de NNP , advanced art , the student council , among others .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
NNP eagles , bears , sea NNS , NNS , and NNS are among a wide variety of species that VBP the area .	1	12	VBP	are	is
approximately half are licensed JJ NN within NNP convenience stores , fresh NN is the latest JJ cafe to open selling NNP coffee .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
folk songs are those passed on RB , usually composed by unknown persons .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ complexity of a task refers to the number of NN operations it contains , that is , the number of NNS that the VBG actions must perform .	2	6	VBZ	refers	refer
if the decision is ultimately to delete i hope the closing admin would consider VBG the article so that it can be enhanced and restored once the series starts .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the classic shoes for wearing with a NN NN are high NNS , NNP NNS can also be worn with NNS for a more casual , JJ NN that VBZ the 1960s .	2	9	VBP	are	is
it says that those line belongs to a song on an album called welcome to the occupation .	4	5	VBZ	belongs	belong
a young man tries unsuccessfully to VB a young woman with whom he lives .	2	3	VBZ	tries	try
off the eastern united states , reproduction occurs on an annual cycle with VBG in winter and early spring .	6	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
a major objective of the emerging field of JJ NNS involves VBG RB useful information ( e .	2	10	VBZ	involves	involve
i added a list of inline citations and references a few months ago and the notices are still there .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the cartoon begins with NNP asking the NN of in her magic mirror who 's the JJ one of all ( a plot similar to the one in snow white , but the opposite ) .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
RB NNP to lake NNP , but in times of heavy rainfall , the excess water follows the original course of the NNP to the NNP .	15	16	VBZ	follows	follow
it says that NNS , NNS and NNS can learn new sounds , but not that those new sounds are JJ NNS of human speech .	18	19	VBP	are	is
i may have been but i know justice , and my father is beyond human justice .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the island also has 2 NNS and today the shop 's location is in NNP ( home of the NNP sailing school ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
as NNP says , the likely environment makes this actually a decent capture and would be hard to improve .	6	7	VBZ	makes	make
previous models of portable dvd players had NNP NNS for external game VBZ ; now some selected models have JJ NNS for internal game console action .	17	18	VBP	have	has
the NNP is not the same as the department of fun , but could be thought of as a NNP task force of sorts , similar to what a wikiproject does for its specific topic .	29	30	VBZ	does	do
JJ NN ( NN of the JJ NN ) may occur , even if NN damage is not severe .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
closed positions employ either body contact or body support , that is , holding each other is not limited to VB .	1	2	VBP	employ	employs
the cumberland plateau region is VBN to the JJS by the tennessee river and its NNS ; all other parts of the state are VBN to the southwest .	19	23	VBP	are	is
the film includes a speed dating sequence that takes place on board the charter boat the NNP queen on the river thames at tower bridge .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP is ( RB , as the article was not only very incomplete , but an entire section had not been corrected that had been written for a different article ) , and as 's reaction is not exactly , to say the least , NNP .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
JJ values tend to be less toxic than both NN and JJ injection JJ NN NN values almost all of the time , so it 's safe to assume that the JJ value for this species is less toxic than its NN and JJ values .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
to this end , NNP unveiled a NN system designed to pair players up based on their skills within the game to ensure that online games are relatively equal in terms of player skill .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the great seal NN looks RB out of place .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
the article also states that the runway is 1 , CD m and has a concrete surface .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
therefore , in the presence of low amounts of water , NNS that would normally form NNS actually form a larger NN in the form of JJ NNS in order to satisfy requirements of the JJ effect .	11	18	VBP	form	forms
apparently his only residence in washington is the white house , which he does not own .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
although the variety of the wheat there is diverse , it is not extensively grown there , and thus must be imported .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
if both the pdf and its NN are available , and the distribution is JJ , then finding the NN and VBG from it are simple .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the motor , the world 's smallest electric motor , is just a NN ( NN of a meter ) across ( 60 , 000 times smaller than the NN of a human hair ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
in the context of such an investigation , then religious or spiritual affiliation is a relevant factor .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
people living in this estate are a mixture of NNP and NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the chief feature of the reserve is the NNP NNP , a highly VBN area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
their mother is a former model and an artist .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this image meets several points of the NNP criteria .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
being justified means that diffs need to show that a ) other methods have been tried and failed or b ) that the violations are so JJ that tools need to be used NNP .	28	29	VBP	need	needs
these characters span from her first quartet , the song of the NNP , to her latest books , the NNP 's dog trilogy .	1	2	VBP	span	spans
since then every year that meeting still takes place in a digital arts festival called NNP ( 30 being the street number of the NNP theater ) in NNP , germany organized by longtime NNP user NNP NNP and other NNP locals .	5	7	VBZ	takes	take
the principal sources of evidence for the existence of these NNS are the JJ king list a , which shows just the first six , and the JJ NNP king list , NNP king list a .	2	11	VBP	are	is
this method VBZ into three steps .	1	2	VBZ	divides	divide
compare this to richard NNP , whose biography is also the subject of an article deletion debate over notability .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
now you have pushed a perfectly good editor away from wikipedia , and have asked another one that his edits are JJ .	19	20	VBP	are	is
google search VBZ he barely exists but that is all .	1	2	VBZ	confirms	confirm
public opinion seems to be strongly against changing the flag at the moment .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the JJ version of NNP also includes a store containing over 250 , 000 scores from publishers music sales , hal leonard , and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
this article is a list of diseases of the cultivated NN NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the northwest portion of the district consists of natural forests in the greater NNP mountains .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist
with a philosophy of offering `` a NN , not a NN , '' all programs are sustainable , JJ programs that enable participants to improve their own NNS .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the table to the right shows the party 's percentage of votes and difference compared to the overall result in the 2010 parliamentary election by geographic constituency , according to the official election result given by the swedish election authority .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
another website directly relating to the documentary is the global NNP project ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the line between NNP and the junction with the NN is now a cycle path , called the NNP NNP station buildings at NNP , NNP and NNP all survive , but in private ownership .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
various clubs allow members to VB their interests .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
an example of the NN toward sexuality in parts of india is the controversy surrounding the film fire ( 1996 ) , which depicted a lesbian relationship .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
a turning point is reached when jay 's father appears to him as he is VBG consciousness , which jay is forced to keep as a secret from his mother .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the scenario section is mostly about characters , who have their own section , which is actually just a link to another article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the day involves the various churches and their chosen `` rose queens '' , together with biblical NN NNS , civic NNS and brass bands , walking in NN through the town in the morning .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
one part was made of JJ new age pieces , similar to mike NNP 's NNP bells , the other themes are typically japanese .	20	21	VBP	are	is
NNS occupy the new JJ `` correctly '' only if it already contains frames with some NN or NN plates .	0	1	VBP	occupy	occupies
with their house burnt down and no money , dawn begins to VB over their financial future .	7	10	VBZ	begins	begin
the officers of the board include the chair , vice chair , and executive director .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
now say an VBN user comes along and moves the page , and then VBZ the redirect to a giant NN .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
directed by NNP , this film has NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP in leading roles .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
every competitor who VBZ all stages within the established trophy times wins a NNP plate .	1	11	VBZ	wins	win
on april 1 , 1919 , miners in pennsylvania struck to demand that local officials allow union meetings , and VBD town NNS soon issued meeting permits .	14	15	VBP	allow	allows
a water NN is a device that uses water as its JJ NN medium .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the motorway VBZ an NNP of between 50 , 300 ( NNP ) and 41 , 800 ( NNP ) vehicles .	1	2	VBZ	handles	handle
these methods are so ancient that field users today have little to no knowledge of this way of clearing .	7	9	VBP	have	has
a recent development is a merger of the vowel of NN with murray .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article is also the only google result for NN and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP is able to help and the NNP ambassador eventually VBZ to NNP for his previous behavior .	10	12	VBZ	apologizes	apologize
concepts similar to the JJ hypothesis are at the root of ordinary language philosophy .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the school has NNS of between 350 and 400 students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the image is a pretty clear violation of this policy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
despite action at arbcom , dialogue there continues to be JJ , JJ , and generally JJ , so that the page remains VBN with JJ NNS of which most editors of articles are completely unaware .	21	22	VBZ	remains	remain
the fruit provides food for many animals , including NN NNS , NNS , and many NNS , including beach mice .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
this section is about NNP , not about other editors with whom you have content NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that being said , i am wholly open to an article being created at a future date that shows that the new article meets the concerns of the original nominator and the closing admin .	22	23	VBZ	meets	meet
i wonder if any essays exist out there that examine his job as a bridge between the company and the NN .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
despite the renovation of the bridge , the road as it approaches the bridge from either direction is little more than a JJ , JJ and rock path which is closed RB .	8	11	VBZ	approaches	approach
if the information is right he 's written a couple vanity press poetry books , and it seems he runs the vanity press .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a major attraction of the town is the NNP NNP , a zoo in a largely JJ location on a VBN hill within the town of NNP where animals such as the wolf , NN and NN can be watched VBG freely .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the letters appear to be random and form no words .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the word for third person ( he , she , it ) is JJ .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
and the merge suggestion is based on the fact that most media reports actually relate this to the NNP events , not as a NN event .	12	14	VBP	relate	relates
it is named after the NNP river , whose name comes from NNP , a NNP word meaning women 's river .	9	10	VBZ	comes	come
keep these lists are useful , but should be limited to people who are notable for their NN , or conversion .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in contrast to most of southern california , the big bear lake region normally receives significant winter snow because of its high elevation .	12	14	VBZ	receives	receive
this format also includes a space character and twelve bars for JJ error NN for a total count of forty nine bars .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the route VBZ RB as a side street known as bridge street for one block to the intersection with church street , where the name VBZ over to grand falls road .	24	25	VBZ	switches	switch
under section 8 ( 1 ) of the NNP , the president 's NN that a person VBZ a national security risk is a condition precedent to the minister 's power to make a detention order .	16	17	VBZ	poses	pose
this source VBZ NNP as prince .	1	2	VBZ	treats	treat
the average daily population is about CD inmates .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his return to lancaster is the result of the cincinnati reds dropping him from their system after a severe NN injury .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
an important special case is a bounded sequence , where x is taken to be the set n of natural numbers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this discussion is not about what other stuff exists , but seeing as we are on the topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ] ] and suggest the other party does too .	7	8	VBZ	does	do
in short , the reasons cited for deletion do not seem to apply ; and the mass nomination makes it impossible to RB VB where necessary .	17	18	VBZ	makes	make
all links that link to this page are for another PRP smith ' ( most being the son of the actor , one being a politician ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is
support topic ban , with hopes that delta VBZ that i bear him absolutely no ill will because of our recent clash .	2	8	VBZ	understands	understand
patients with vision loss from JJ NN lose vision in both eyes equally .	0	7	VBP	lose	loses
the story VBZ around the NN problems of a JJ couple living on second avenue on the upper east side of manhattan , new york city .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
my picture of the day design is actually nearly identical to the current one , and any proper NN of the main page will RB affect the templates used .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
and since the 80 's there has be no activity whatsoever , achievements are notable and in this case i just do n't see enough to make it a worthy entry .	12	13	VBP	are	is
caste system is one among them , as he felt that equality , freedom , and justice are distinctive aspects of christianity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it would be helpful if an administrator could help VB that npov and blp require that these editors allow both sides of the story in the article , and that they can not reach a `` consensus '' to do otherwise .	17	18	VBP	allow	allows
in addition , few NNP stations continue operation under the NNP name .	5	6	VBP	continue	continues
a ring is of this type if and only if every set of ring ideals contains a JJ element .	11	15	VBZ	contains	contain
the family resides in atlanta , georgia .	1	2	VBZ	resides	reside
JJ women are still fertile , although in late stages of hiv disease a pregnant woman may have a higher risk of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
her husband is actor NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only mention in newspapers is that when the airplane crashed , the pilot was identified as NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the site is important because it demonstrates many of the characteristic features of a northern ash woodland on NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of these programs is to address the JJ transmission of poverty and to foster social inclusion by explicitly targeting the poor , focusing on children , delivering NNS to women , and changing social NN relationships between NNS , service providers and governments .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his cousin is the NN , NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many other devices now support NNP push e-mail , such as the NN and NNP phones .	2	4	VBP	support	supports
she assumes that the NN is a girl in high school with the NNS a .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
each book contains a RB illustrated story , with a JJ puzzle to solve on each NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
VBG can be JJ as it may alert nearby NNS and raiders to the player 's activities , but it is necessary if the player wishes to survive in the NN ; clothes , weapons , food , and tools quickly become a necessity for the VBG player .	34	41	VBP	become	becomes
the scene described in this JJ suggests a JJ NN house , where the whole family VBZ together on a NN on the floor , and a man travelling by night to avoid the heat of the day .	15	16	VBZ	sleeps	sleep
and thus the JJ soldiers seem to supply the place of NNS , for they wound both the men and horses of the enemy before they come within reach of the common missile weapons .	4	5	VBP	seem	seems
that list actually exists , but it is simply not named as a list ; it is called springfield elementary school .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the three main divisions of the NNP clan are the NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is
his father is a greek orthodox priest and dean emeritus of the NNP cathedral of the holy trinity in new york city , staff writer ( JJ ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the architecture of manchester demonstrates a rich variety of architectural styles .	1	4	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
fair use in NNP the NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
VBG NNP completely , the route reaches a junction with the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	reaches	reach
although this method of VBG seems to have existed in china even prior to this publication and scientist , the greatest significance of the star maps by NNP song is that they represent the oldest NN star maps in printed form .	2	5	VBZ	seems	seem
however , this practice is not accepted in north america , where the safety car leads the leaders to the finish line if the safety car situation exists .	26	27	VBZ	exists	exist
my first thought was that peaks are more exposed and thus VB more NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the problem is to find the laws .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
round 3 is a to game series between the respective group winners from round 2 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
after the regular season , where the teams play each other twice , the top 8 teams play a final round which decides the champion .	7	8	VBP	play	plays
doctor , the title of the album is a reference to the roman emperor NNP .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
a study by JJ yuan NNP has found that people with either of the two tan NNS are especially concentrated in NNP province which would tend to support these accounts .	9	17	VBP	are	is
the east coast is wide with NNS formed by the rivers NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but neither are of a necessity and the article is indeed quite high quality .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the current bridge is a 65 foot tall fixed span to accommodate the area 's large NN vessels without VBG traffic .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mine is similar in appearance to the NNP , but is approximately twice the size with a much greater depth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP tone is JJ , direct and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main version features the girls flying through the sky and into space where they finally settle onto a planet which features an amusement park .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
sites of interest in the park include speakers ' corner ( located in the northeast corner near marble arch ) , close to the former site of the NNP NNS , and NNP row , which is the northern boundary of the site of the crystal palace .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
NNP effect in the future ; a variant of the NNP effect , whereby someone tries to make themselves famous for something positive , and ends up becoming famous for something else in the process .	7	25	VBZ	ends	end
rising real estate prices reflect this .	3	4	VBP	reflect	reflects
the nomination claims are all items that can and should be dealt with on the talk page .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the board of councillors VBZ a chairman from among its elected members ; the chairman is the executive head of the municipality .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
these numbers therefore reflect changes in party NNS as a result of NNS and members crossing the floor .	1	3	VBP	reflect	reflects
many other business NN providers now offer be JJ service ; a list of them is available on the official be NNP wiki .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
howard evans NNP VBZ , `` it seems to me that the duty to rebel is much more JJ than that right to rebel , because the right to rebellion ruins the order of power , whereas the duty to rebel goes beyond and breaks it .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
the oppose votes are a little silly , to be honest .	2	3	VBP	are	is
visitors walk to the head of the horse through its chest and neck of the horse , where they can have a JJ view .	0	1	VBP	walk	walks
all programs participate in an evaluation to measure the effectiveness of the teachers , program quality , and child outcomes .	1	2	VBP	participate	participates
the company also has offices in NNP , china and hong kong .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
JJ , and content seems to VB itself .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the pages in question are scott NNP and NNP flames .	1	4	VBP	are	is
prince of NNP is a 2002 action NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ system is a set of RB bound JJ objects in orbit around a star or star system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school provides choir , band , and art classes .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
i suppose they want their passengers to know how great a job they are doing , and that their products are safe .	19	20	VBP	are	is
many fans of the wheel of time attend dragon con , which had an exclusive wheel of time content track from 2001 through 2012 .	1	7	VBP	attend	attends
the NNP idea is the use of tactical media to draw public attention to a political cause .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NNS estimate the arctic NN emissions from NN NN and rising temperatures to range from 54 to 105 million metric tons of NN per year ( 2006 ) .	2	3	VBP	estimate	estimates
the fact that NNP reached the finals of the NNP cup is also noteworthy .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
also the mission statement and anything else that ( NN , NN ) is either a copyright violation or , if not , then an adaptation which the school might find JJ .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
every spring NNP open its doors to the public , the students show their productions and artwork at the NNP screening .	11	12	VBP	show	shows
committees , in particular the permanent committees , are responsible for VBG and VBG the rules of the u .	0	8	VBP	are	is
december 2005 ( utc ) you might start with wiki articles on the topic such as history of the kashmir conflict then go to discussion of what content improvements have some consensus such as the NNS for peace there .	28	29	VBP	have	has
males call from VBN positions in grass NNS at the edge of water on shores of NNS and NNS or even several metres away from water .	0	1	VBP	call	calls
upon winning the case , the NNP squad goes to NNP 's office to celebrate , VBG NNP to join them .	7	8	VBZ	goes	go
such NNS help to VB assets for the longer term needs of such individuals and help to slow or eliminate the `` NN '' of assets through JJ NNS or losses .	1	2	VBP	help	helps
these NNS contain a JJ NN JJ domain typically found in type ii restriction NNS .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
asking which VBD the electron went through is like asking what colour is thursday .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the total wild population is CD plants occurs in three locations to the south of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
she knows the reality of human life as thoroughly as anybody , but she holds and VBZ RB that the natural world is a positive good .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
other than the active army reserve which consists of only ex military personnel , the territorial defence forces are rather RB prepared for complex military operations .	17	18	VBP	are	is
all members of that opinion say POS ' [ supporters say CC ' ] , contrary POS ' [ opponents say CC ' ] .	19	20	VBP	say	says
again , i have no question your NNS are noble , but your actions are extreme and you need to stop .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the layout of it is nice and i had no problem with it loading .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the problem with NN is that it leaves no comment .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the sign in pine NNP is the only such sign that has its own listing on the national register , though a few others may exist as contributing properties within historic districts .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ jets are JJ NNS and so release only a small proportion of their energy in the electromagnetic spectrum .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the cost of this operation is loss in terms of resolution .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the museum is part of the new mexico department of cultural affairs .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
experimental particle physics concepts are the ideas and techniques important to doing experiments in particle physics .	3	4	VBP	are	is
however , fixed designs need not be JJ , and flexible design need not be JJ .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
the school is the oldest of the christian brothers schools operating in sydney .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the jet 's source is a young JJ object deep within the cloud .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the place it was held at is wholly JJ -- if placed there , it VBZ extensive context if placed in NNP , the context is already present .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
while the film is focused on JJ possession and NN , NNP also believes that `` this story is about a young man finding himself and finding his way .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS about the existence of the NNP fairy , brian and then chris fail to calm NNP down , then NNP makes an attempt .	1	14	VBP	fail	fails
the apparatus is considered so JJ according to cooper that the hero knows once he is cleared by it , his life can immediately return to normal .	11	12	VBZ	knows	know
the game takes advantage of wii 's JJ controller , along with the NNP attachment , to control a NN and a NN .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the championship winner represents finland in the following year 's NNP european cup tournament .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent
the film is a RB enhanced interpretation of the historical events of the first korean baseball team during early 1905 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a business has both an australian business number ( NNP ) and a tax file number ; and if income is earned as part of carrying on its business , it may quote its NNP instead of its NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when it reaches the flowering stage , the leaves develop in NNS on an JJ stem , and approximately 50 to 100 flowers will develop a NN , with the fruits VBG soon after .	8	9	VBP	develop	develops
in the JJ view , the rate of profit is not a price , and it is not clear that it is determined in a market .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
also , here he claims the european NN line is false .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
block logs are RB JJ and errors in them are rarely corrected .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN of the eight 's first exhibit has prompted two group shows to explore their work in 2011 and 2012 in hungary and austria , respectively .	11	12	VBZ	shows	show
this book VBD the killer NN theory which claims that humans are naturally JJ .	10	11	VBP	are	is
all claim of notability comes from them VBG to release four singles and VBG to perform at various festivals .	1	4	VBZ	comes	come
a JJ bullet is one that is designed to VB into tiny particles upon impact to VB their NN for reasons of range safety , to limit environmental impact , or to limit the danger behind the intended target .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fact that some mainstream NNS and politicians use the term `` sexual NN '' is not a sufficient criterion for inclusion .	5	8	VBP	use	uses
a different type of NN with a rifle is a ritual firing performed during military NNS , known as a JJ NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
its geographic coordinates are CD , CD .	2	3	VBP	are	is
note that the parameters must be in JJ letters , but their values are actually case JJ .	12	13	VBP	are	is
her letters to her friend NNP NNP contain much interesting information with regard to contemporary celebrities , especially on NNP .	1	7	VBP	contain	contains
NNP category , and still has some sort of importance to the game .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
some activists VBP the consumer public as NN , JJ , and routine in their thoughts of consumption .	1	2	VBP	perceive	perceives
the first chapter of this quartet finds NNP and her NN , NNP , far from NNP , on a quest seeking a legendary stone that can provide JJ powers and abilities in the hands of country rulers .	2	6	VBZ	finds	find
the 3 , 000 square kilometres of mountainous jungle appear to have been VBN by humans until the 2006 scientific expedition .	5	9	VBP	appear	appears
other musicians that have collaborated with NNP include lang lang , NNP NNP , mike NNP , helen NNP , kate NNP , NNP of NNP , NNP of swiss band NNP , NNP NNP and german actress anna maria NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
the european food safety authority ( NNP ) has concluded that the use of NN as a food NN has no relevant risk for the development of JJ fungi .	12	19	VBZ	has	have
the road passes through the communities of NNP , NNP , cross keys , and mount washington in the city , and NNP and butler in baltimore county .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the only NNP game that supports the NNP is NNP NNP , the NN is VBN in the NNP NNP start up screen by entering CD on the key NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP railway station is a railway station near NNP lodge in the highland council area in the north of scotland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS , NNS and visitors have a wide range of year round activities to choose from .	0	5	VBP	have	has
lds temple is automatically notable , but this deletion would make these three the only temples without NN articles , as far as i can see .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
stars spend most of their lifetime VBG as a result of nuclear fusion reactions that convert hydrogen to VB in the star 's core .	0	1	VBP	spend	spends
these capabilities enable humans to manage basic and JJ cognitive tasks in everyday life .	1	2	VBP	enable	enables
recent work includes the 2013 films `` NNP , '' directed by rob NNP and NNP NNP and `` admission , '' directed by paul NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the visitor center also contains an interpretation of the ecological disaster and the JJ clean up of the area .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
reflection through NN is widespread or dominant in fish of the open sea , especially those that live in the top 100 metres .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
there are a number of JJ old NNS , and breeding birds include NN , stock NN , NN , JJ NN and NN .	11	12	VBP	include	includes
residents are civil servants , NNS and NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
both russian and ukrainian names mean `` white mountains '' , and original NNP NNP name NNP means `` VB on the NNP river '' .	15	17	VBZ	means	mean
its primary school , ( standards 1st to 4th ) are privately run while the secondary section ( 5th to 10th standard ) is government aided .	16	23	VBZ	is	are
the book begins its discussion in the late 1970s with the JJ confirmed case of aids , that of NNP NNP , a danish doctor working in africa .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
coordinates of NN are normally JJ but in JJ geometry they are replaced by matrix operators that do not VB .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the article needs a clean up and proper source .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
no point of view except his own seems to count for anything , and ( in my opinion !	1	7	VBZ	seems	seem
VBN vegetables generally tend to have a more JJ NN and NN compared to those that are not VBN .	1	3	VBP	tend	tends
the nba as an organization has a strong conflict of interest ( its main goal is to promote itself and its players ) so it can not be considered neutral .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the beginning of `` the dream '' somewhat describes a typical NN , since the whole album 's concept is about dreams .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
these facts come from my university press sources by NNP and norman .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
this category includes people associated with european colonies in the modern period .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
no one VBZ the subject is notable , which is why there was already a large JJ article .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
arbcom has done such VBG in the past , but the relative success of any subsequent discussion depends heavily on who NNS .	12	17	VBZ	depends	depend
the NNP procedure sometimes involves a permanent NN around the NN which will not be removed and therefore a JJ section will be necessary to deliver the baby .	2	4	VBZ	involves	involve
week 9 - contestants perform 2 dances , one with their partners and one solo .	3	4	VBP	perform	performs
the article contains a section on the NN of the disease , which includes a paragraph on its possible genetic links .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
table engines place the cylinder above and between the NN and the NN .	1	2	VBP	place	places
the function of the field drainage system is to control the water table , whereas the function of the main drainage system is to collect , transport , and NN of the water through an NN or outlet .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
based on what i remember from my chemistry courses , the table appears accurate for what would happen with 8 NNS .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
the first part is imo JJ here through discussion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this function leads to a surface of revolution consisting of two circular NNS , one for each point , connected by a NN line segment along the axis of revolution .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
his great grandson , NNP NNP iv , is currently a professor of chemistry at the university of north texas .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
it 's function is to clean out the NNS and enforce the introduction NNS on several pages .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a number of JJ NNS and plants can be found in the NNS , and the reserve is one of only two sites in the uk to have an NN colony .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
other agencies and their roles associated with water include the kansas department of health and environment ( water quality regulation ) ; kansas water office ( water planning and policy ) ; and the state conservation commission ( soil and water conservation projects ) .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
fair use in NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
parliamentary elections in belarus , while there are political parties that either support or oppose president NNP , the majority of the seats in the national assembly are filled by those not affiliated with any political parties ( `` NNS '' ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is
his main interests include literature , philosophy , and art .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
popular NN NN extensions include NNP ( JJ NNP extension ) and NNP ( NNP control extension ) .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP is a NN for a type of JJ bicycle chain ring manufactured by NNP from 1983 to 1993 the design was intended to help overcome the `` dead zone '' where the NN arms are vertical and riders have little mechanical advantage .	34	35	VBP	are	is
the show takes its name from the JJ program pioneered in 1976 by NNP in washington , d .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the density of substances varies with temperature and pressure so that it is necessary to specify the temperatures and pressures at which the NNS or NNS were determined .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
a NN runway is a runway that is located on the top of a plateau with either end stopping RB and dropping into deep NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the episode follows peter 's mother , NNP , VBG from peter 's father , francis , and dating news NN tom tucker .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
i would think that wikipedia have standards and that is why this film festival has a page on wikipedia .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
our particular interpretation of fair use is rather strict .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as an NNP , his powers are superior to other angels .	5	6	VBP	are	is
so logic circuit boards often have a NN NN close to each logic NNP connected from each power supply connection to a nearby ground .	3	5	VBP	have	has
the house is the perfect chaos , but gene seems not to be aware of it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some general square dance conventions and festivals at the regional or state level include a challenge hall , but they typically have very limited NNS above NNP .	4	13	VBP	include	includes
other actors associated with the area include the wire star NNP NNP , and NNP ' ricky NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
one major problem with ips cells is the way in which the cells are VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
consensus has long concluded that towns are inherently notable just by their confirmed existence , even if they are not the the subject of significant coverage by secondary sources .	5	6	VBP	are	is
i believe the most usual size of NNS is 32 pages , so the first 11 NNS would VB to pages 1 to CD .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the addition of an interchange with a 2006 reconstruction of highway 61 south , columbia now has two NNS on the parkway .	1	16	VBZ	has	have
temporary physical NNS are considered walls , but certain window screens are not .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP international 's stated mission is to promote JJ action and seek to reduce the use of violence worldwide .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP collaboration department serves to improve articles that have been assessed by the assessment department by VBG large groups of editors to improve those articles .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are atp , NN , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are NNP , NN , and NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the rock NNS and the NN fluid continues further into the rock , extending the NN still further , and so on .	6	7	VBZ	continues	continue
the NNP is now a legally incorporated entity ; the founding board is NNP bishop , bob NNP , mike NNP , richard NNP , annie NNP , diana NNP , and NNP NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
length of NN is CD metres .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the upper half is red , and the lower half has three white peaks with a blue band of waves .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the company serves over 70 clients who sell their products through JJ or other JJ channels .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the port authority has responsibility for managing NNP NNP , NNP marina and NNP port and ferry terminal .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in one of its earlier and stronger NNS , this is the doctrine that a NN is `` RB meaningful '' only if there is a finite procedure for RB determining its truth .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this grid includes the cities of são paulo , rio de janeiro , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP and salvador .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the harder problem is to come up with problems that require lateral thinking and which test many different aspects of intelligence .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this type of clue rarely appears in american NNS but is common in british and canadian NNS .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
NNS push for the death penalty only in the case of multiple murders , or single murder with VBG circumstances .	0	1	VBP	push	pushes
this collection consists of individual and group portraits , landscapes , buildings , agricultural and industrial scenes , NNS , NNS and NNS , leisure activities , weather events , modes of transportation , and living conditions across a variety of native communities .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
one thing that will be considered baseball NN is the blown save .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the most original work in the JJ NN in the NN is his philosophical epic poem in six NNS , NNP NNP ( the ray of the NNP ) .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
presbyterian NN was developed as a NN of governance by NNS of single bishops ( episcopal NN ) , but also differs from the NN NN in which each congregation is independent .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
contrary to this belief , researchers studying the effects of NNS and amino acid NN taken various times after a NN found no difference in a JJ hour period in the rate of NN of protein into the muscles or protein balance ( NNP et al .	5	44	VBP	et	et
the truth is that JJ NNP links ( NNS ) are actually quite hard to type ( with shift keys and all that ) .	6	10	VBP	are	is
if the NN team VBZ the ball , they regain possession and are awarded a first down at the spot of the recovery .	3	4	VBZ	recovers	recover
a quick search on google comes up with thousands of links including this and this .	2	5	VBZ	comes	come
the courts of first instance are the third JJ level organized in the judicial system of peru .	1	5	VBP	are	is
all prior sockpuppets are .	2	3	VBP	are	is
unless an addition of NN ( but useless ) NN in an amount of several NNS per day is really the load that matters for the wp traffic and JJ space , he may continue this activity just as well .	9	18	VBZ	is	are
both link counts you provide are quite JJ , assuming they are in article space .	1	2	VBZ	counts	count
all hanging NNS have such , it is their natural environment ( see NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	have	has
raises an awareness of what other departments do .	6	7	VBP	do	does
this trail segment is about long .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN study , three NNP , at the art institute of chicago , is similar in composition , though relatively more JJ in handling .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
public reserves in NNP include NNP lake park , NNP recreation reserve , NNP park , NNP NNP reserve and NNP ranges national park .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
an NN of quantum NN also exists in the model , as well as a number of important quantum phenomena .	1	6	VBZ	exists	exist
the possible solution lead suggested by NNP en NNP includes the naming controversy ( it looks like you both agree on its inclusion in the lead , which is a good thing with respect to VBG this dispute ) .	3	9	VBZ	includes	include
if i am re-elected , it will be because enough voters choose to stick with a proven NN who VBZ everyone fairly , than NNS with JJ promises .	10	11	VBP	choose	chooses
this station remains in operation , although not at the levels of use seen in the 1950s and 1960s .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
electric sonic NNP ( NNP ) , the NN of NNP effect , in which an acoustic field VBZ when an electric field NNS through a JJ NNS .	17	18	VBZ	arises	arise
the 2006 NN season has six NNS , each of a different collection .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the NN is likely to have been constructed in the 18th century .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
united states laws apply to the wikimedia foundation ( which owns commons ) .	2	3	VBP	apply	applies
based on a common plan for station buildings around 1936 , this rectangular frame structure has a ticket NN in the front square bay window where the station agent was located , a covered area for waiting passengers , and a NN storage area at the north end .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
the list at the publishers is complete , accurate and up to date - our list is not guaranteed to be so as new books are published all the time .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
they organised a first peaceful strike to let the people of nepal know how RB they had been treated and how far they were willing to go for justice .	9	12	VBP	know	knows
and being able to use a material based on a site , maybe the site determines what the material is .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
doctor learns that NNP is a rich JJ businessman who lives on NNP , the pieces start to fall into place .	0	1	VBZ	learns	learn
NNP bus services mostly run from the bus NN .	2	4	VBP	run	runs
he claimed that the legends actually describe a race of white men who were born in NNS and migrated to NNP ; then , after NNP was destroyed , they moved to the americas to be treated as `` white gods '' by the `` primitive NNS '' .	4	6	VBP	describe	describes
this area is also much more accessible now that the trail has been paved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
powers include interference signals , VBG NNS , NN , and NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
a NN fence is on the south , a parking lot in the rear and the front has a small lawn .	10	17	VBZ	has	have
the guides place JJ importance on the quality of the NNS they include ; NNS can not pay to be in the guide .	1	2	VBP	place	places
other university publications include college run magazines such as NNP 's the NNP , grey 's grey matter or the NNP sheet of st chad 's college .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the only keep vote seems to be by either jamie himself or one of his fans .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
maybe one of the pictures could be used , but the article is redundant as is .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN is to be installed so that the top of the product is lower than the bottom of the interior concrete floor .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to polls conducted by NNP , their customers come from a wide range of countries .	8	9	VBP	come	comes
the most representative buildings are the church of st .	3	4	VBP	are	is
oil NNS are similar to chemical plants in that most equipment is NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the tree is more JJ to dutch NN disease than JJ ' , and is also JJ to VB leaf beetle NNP NN [ 2 ] .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my colleagues report this issue all the time and no one has a clue why it happens or how to stop it .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the JJ season of the national division finishes , with NNP NNP winning the title .	2	7	VBZ	finishes	finish
supporters say a maximum wage could also reduce NN of a currency by limiting the amount any member of the NN can earn , and consequently effectively limiting the availability of currency .	0	1	VBP	say	says
the VBG companies generate risk assessment report ( NNP ) , which VBZ the level of risk involved IN the NN , NN , types of goods , country of supply etc .	2	3	VBP	generate	generates
players who have played for NNP include NNP and VBN JJ forward NNP NNP , forward NNP NNP , forward NNP NNP , forward NNP NNP , ecuador international defender NNP NNP , and the 1990 fifa world cup colombian goalkeeper rené NNP .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
presently , NNP NNP sabha constituency comprises six NNP sabha ( legislative assembly ) segments .	5	6	VBZ	comprises	comprise
an image is not an idea .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
those industries use a device known as an NNP NN NN which is designed to separate the oil and suspended NNS from their NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the main attraction of NNP NNP is the NN of NNP from ten temples .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the authors also mention other resistance members who VBD with NNP .	1	3	VBP	mention	mentions
the adventure is a favorite of many fans , including stephen NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i said already that i had no issue with sister links but i prefer them at the bottom of articles for consistency and because NNS links become VBN very quickly .	25	26	VBP	become	becomes
the piece is the only work for piano solo that was published by the composer and assigned an JJ number .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its land area includes regions with some of the world 's highest rainfall to very dry NNS , coast line to alpine regions , river NNS to tropical islands .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
when the husband sees NNP 's NN , he asks a man in the crowd about her and is told the story of his wife 's NN .	2	3	VBZ	sees	see
a mystery that has yet to be resolved is its method of reproduction .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the following winter is long and cold and although NNP 's NNS are well fed , their counterparts are suffering on the other side of the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
therefore a mention of this word in the article NNP is reasonable and sufficient .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in australia , fox sports will show all sprint cup races live across their networks .	10	11	VBP	live	lives
the mission of partners in humanity is to change the way individuals thank and feel about the issues , NNS and tensions that face JJ relations , which in turn will facilitate action .	11	12	VBP	thank	thanks
the municipality covers an area of and as of 2006 it had a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the principal temple is dedicated to NNP , whose symbol is the disc of the sun , supported by two NNS and the extended wings of a NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
for most NNS a JJ NN means simply that the world is `` free of supernatural and JJ elements '' , while others may have NNS falling under `` philosophical NN '' .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the same problem is likely to occur here - as RB suggested by you with your NN that a northern ireland type should be a NN of this .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an attack page is a page , in any namespace , that exists primarily to VB or VB its subject .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in human anatomy , the JJ nerve is a nerve which runs near the JJ bone .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS apply to the player 's next competitive domestic matches , whether these be in league or cup competitions .	0	1	VBP	apply	applies
the song appears in the 1993 film NNP 's way and in the 2007 film pride .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
except in a JJ , blocks and NNS are against users , not accounts .	5	8	VBP	are	is
when the new hampshire woman decides to shoot the NN after her husband RB says her name , this is a reference to once upon a time in the west .	4	5	VBZ	decides	decide
the NNP highway is a highway in nigeria .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he tries to persuade danny to return with him to NNP but danny says johnny 's home is also his home now .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
NNP 3d NNS are a collection of reference NNS from NNP corp .	2	3	VBP	are	is
county NNS place independent places that are also county NNS .	1	2	VBP	place	places
strong keep the article is a mess , but that 's no reason to delete it .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her large sword is a similar NN , due to NNP after VBG her mother killed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there was a news article just recently about a woman over 100 years old whose husband is in his CD , she wants a divorce so she can marry somebody who will appreciate her .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the two key requirements of a NNP NN are a transport mechanism for the NN and specialty NNS ( NN textile NNS ) that are applied to the textile directly and are absorbed by the NNS .	3	8	VBP	are	is
the concept is similar but distinct from NN , where NNS that were RB written or spoken before the event are VBN after the event to fit the facts as they occurred .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the employer is responsible for several forms of transportation depending on the situation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article is new , as is the project itself ( founded in july of 2011 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the goal is good for me and my confidence and i 'm very happy for my family and friends as well , '' he told NNP 's official website after the game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ system is a system that is not time JJ ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
sources , they simply become a mirror for anything anybody could go find on google .	0	4	VBP	become	becomes
the homes range from 2 bed NNS and one bed NNS to 5 VBN family homes .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
south australia 's representative cricket teams , the NNP for men and the sa NNP for women participate in national competitions .	5	17	VBP	participate	participates
the dry , desert region is home to JJ JJ species .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
but one captain wants nothing to do with the new government , and plans his NN .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the minimum standard for practice appears to be a minimum of CD hours according to the animal NNP accreditation commission although , in australia , a 3 year masters degree in NNP science ( animal NNP ) is offered to licensed doctors of JJ , JJ and JJ medicine .	2	5	VBZ	appears	appear
i think the concept of such states in general having female presidents is key here , not that kosovo itself has had only three presidents .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP also writes that bed dance is one of NNP 's better films , and that , besides JJ interest , its storyline provides a NN of cultural and sexual NNS at a time of rapid change .	22	23	VBZ	provides	provide
a ridge VBZ RB from it and forms the watershed between NNS of the [ [ blue glacier ] ] on the north and [ [ NNP glacier ] ] on the south .	1	2	VBZ	descends	descend
the article ( at least currently ) describes the language as constructed , so all comments about whether or not this language is `` fake '' are pretty much irrelevant .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the main reach of this bay can be approached by ship if ice flow conditions allow , via NNP bay , to smith sound , to kane basin , through kennedy channel , and thus through hall basin to the entrance of the bay .	14	15	VBP	allow	allows
our project currently has over 61 , 000 JJ articles , with 56 , 000 that have been assessed by our assessment department !	1	3	VBZ	has	have
there is no notability for these people outside of their detention ; a mention at JJ NNS at NNP bay is the only needed content .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
the economy section gives a relatively very large amount of space to green NNS when the big 3 have pretty much VBD their NNS with that and have done little to none of the work .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
this category contains people who played college baseball at stanford university .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in the NN index , the order of entries is by the NNS ' last names , and each entry provides the same identifying information for the recorded instrument .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
indeed the link to the general article is probably unnecessary .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP the same principle applies to NN .	3	4	VBZ	applies	apply
the band 's name comes from the critical line of an NN NN that is the NN of mark NNP 's short story `` a literary NN '' ( later JJ as punch , brother , punch ) .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the nearest stop on the NNP and wear metro system is NNP , which also serves the nearby suburb in north NNP ( north of the railway line ) called NNP ' , and a station at four lane ends is located a short distance away .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
legal of what a legal threat is not .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
his definition of the exceptional man is one who can give the world something new .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
it is frequently coupled with NN advances so that the NNP systems have an easier job .	11	12	VBP	have	has
the sentence is what makes for the particular notability in this case .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city of lock haven is the county seat of clinton county , in the u .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
seriously , this guy knows his blogs .	3	4	VBZ	knows	know
as a member of the international cricket council ( NNP ) , the federation has the power to select players and NNS and the federation has the right to participate in international competitions .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
NNP codes of ethics generally say you observe and report without VBG unless it is a matter of life and death .	1	5	VBP	say	says
one thing that i find especially interesting is that none of you have actually pointed out any specific factual errors or NNS that i have added to any of the articles .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the song is a NN from NNP CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the west branch of the NNP river runs through downtown NNP .	2	7	VBZ	runs	run
also , for some reason , when i google the article , the article remains the same before everyone made those heavy edits .	13	14	VBZ	remains	remain
the origin of the species is still uncertain but NNP et .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this page offers a valuable information source for the diverse entry points , locations and NN of a growing community of leaders , conflict NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the others were not occasional vandals who can simply be blocked , they were JJ NNS where page protection is the normal solution .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
so if animals are not in the same species , they can not breed with each other successfully .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a key factor is that low NN preparations ( NN , NN ) are available .	7	13	VBP	are	is
the narrow skull suggests that NNP VBN by VBG with a JJ action like most modern NNS , rather than by VBG air into the NNS with a throat VBZ the way many modern NNS do .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
still other reports claim the presence of NNP , but these are JJ .	2	3	VBP	claim	claims
the most notable single building in this group is the NNP hotel detroit , the former NNP research laboratory , built in 1902 along the detroit river .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the recent edits NN has been reverting do not mention styles , so his grounds are JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
he left the collegiate level to become a wide NNS coach in the nfl for the philadelphia eagles , and later the green bay NNP and new york giants .	9	10	VBP	coach	coaches
people belonging to every religion respect each other and JJ with peace and happiness .	0	5	VBP	respect	respects
facts are facts regardless if they come from an ip or not .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the most popular sizes are the JJ and JJ pointing NNS , but NNS sometimes also use the NNS that have a VBN end .	13	16	VBP	use	uses
its important to understand that to count as JJ , an article has to violate both NNS at once .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
other authors include NNP NNP NNP ( NNP VBP NN ) , NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) , NNP NNP ( il VBP NN ) , g .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the composition is probably one of its kind with over CD NNS having CC their voice .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the complete story , NNP NNP , a major german war criminal , spent some time in NNP NNP ( which he calls , RB , NNP bavaria ) while a NN after world war ii ; however , evidence that NNP even passed through is JJ .	39	45	VBZ	is	are
many of the NNS VBN in JJ JJ shops ' have a characteristic crescent shape , and are described as being for VBG NNS .	8	10	VBP	have	has
this second church continues to be used for worship and community events to this day .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the exploration of planets other than earth seeks signs of JJ life .	1	7	VBZ	seeks	seek
JJ operations are more JJ because they usually require the farmer to complete tasks such as NN , cutting , moving the trees to a NN NN , and loading the harvest .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the team mascot of the NNP is a white bird with JJ tail and wing NNS , named NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
further to this argument is the observation that many parties have a JJ interest in the claim that north korea has nuclear weapons .	9	10	VBP	have	has
in addition , a freedom of information request made by the daily telegraph shows internal police data that provides a breakdown of the ethnicity of the 18 , CD men and boys who police took action against for a range of NNS in london in october 2009 .	7	13	VBZ	shows	show
the film ends with the restaurant closed for a `` private party '' , with only two NNS , NNP and anna , who is visiting soul kitchen for the first time .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the record for the highest number of consecutive victories within a competitor 's age group belongs to penny NNP , who scored 25 such age group wins .	1	15	VBZ	belongs	belong
the exile is clearly not JJ in any sense of the word .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and by the way lets not forget that the admins work for free here and are member of the NN NN that wanted to get involved and make a difference .	9	10	VBP	work	works
the history of the town gets its first legs on october 1 , CD when the area known as `` NNP 's NNP '' is confirmed JJ NNP mason , son of major john mason , acting on behalf of the hartford colony , by NNP .	1	5	VBZ	gets	get
the project advocates for strong criminal NNS of NNS of bias violence , VBZ civil cases for hate crime victims , VBZ community support for them , VBZ community residents and professionals about applicable laws , and advocates for improved enforcement of the illinois hate crime act .	1	2	VBZ	advocates	advocate
each rank gives the individual an indication of how long and how well they have served in combat and training .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
according to the united states census bureau , the NNP county balance has a total area of .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
always the company man , agent CD takes this story swing in NN and continues to fight the NNS .	3	7	VBZ	takes	take
her contributions to cnn 's news coverage include reporting on hurricane NNP , working with the victims and relief desk , and numerous JJ reports with cnn NN news .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
until september 25 , 1999 russian NNS had carried out at least 1 , 700 NNS since the bombing runs began .	18	19	VBZ	runs	run
although NNP beach is designated as one of vancouver 's `` quiet beaches '' the park area nearby is popular with families having NNS and NNS in the NN .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
giving an admin such power allows them to VB any group decision on any article .	4	5	VBZ	allows	allow
the tree spirits , angry that peter lead jimmy to them , try to VB peter 's memory so that the only thing left will be his JJ NN , but they are interrupted by NNP bell who releases her JJ energy on them .	2	12	VBP	try	tries
hall VBD , `` all these games switch to VB that look five hundred times better than the game .	6	7	VBP	switch	switches
the silk browser includes the option to turn off amazon JJ processing .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
practical NNS also VBP against regulation of political speech .	1	3	VBP	weigh	weighs
the second scenario is exactly as the first , CC the water .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is upon this NN that the bride takes the name of her husband , even if the marriage does not later occur .	7	8	VBZ	takes	take
dispute resolution is irrelevant , you just simply delete the copyvio .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original location was probably the small port of NNP NNP , where ruins of a castle still remain .	13	18	VBP	remain	remains
however , the comments are JJ tied .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the article in question is in an JJ format and has distinct elements of original research .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
god , in spain all 22 players cross themselves , if it works the game is always going to be a tie .	6	7	VBP	cross	crosses
other organizations that provide similar software products include NNP corp .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
NNP juice also works for treatment .	1	3	VBZ	works	work
my NNS take the direction of a jazz trumpet or NN solo , like miles or NNP , if i was to VB in the same meter as those notes .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
along with the headquarters ' studio , the studios in tokyo are inside the tokyo stock exchange and two other public satellite studios .	8	11	VBP	are	is
the image on the cover is significant because it represents the album back east by the joshua NNP trio .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as ( VBN ) NNS break out at NNP , NNP is made emergency commissioner , since he represents simultaneously the nation ( as a cabinet minister ) , the university , and the n .	4	5	VBP	break	breaks
the nearest train stations are NNP railway station and NNP railway station , with train service operated by NNP every half hour .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the typical diet of a mature NNP frog includes ; NNS , NNS , NNS and JJ larvae .	2	8	VBZ	includes	include
this field VBZ with other areas of biology and chemistry , particularly NNS and NN .	1	2	VBZ	overlaps	overlap
our article says 100 g of JJ chicken contain 26 g protein , NNP says the figure is 31 g .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
a significant feature has NNP NNP , stephen lang , michelle NNP , and giovanni NNP VBG their roles from the film .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the defining characteristic of a JJ vowel is that the tongue is positioned as in a back vowel , but slightly further forward in the mouth .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a NN is a NN for VBG NN gases up into open air .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
clarke 's production work includes albums by l .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
an object NN in why crystal ball articles need to be deleted .	7	8	VBP	need	needs
together , these areas form a critical NN for VBG birds .	3	4	VBP	form	forms
the company is 83 years old and the author states that it is the largest legal forms NN in texas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN bodies assist in maintaining normal blood pressure and NNS .	2	3	VBP	assist	assists
the river passes through NNP and NNP , before joining the NNP river at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the village , like a few others located on the gulf coast , was a location where salt was VBN from the JJ pools in the area ; the salt trade in this area dates back to JJ times .	30	34	VBZ	dates	date
the stars are more or less RB VBN in a straight line , and so can be VBN as the belt of the hunter 's clothing .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ road ' , which only aid workers , NNS and journalists could pass through , is now open to everybody .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
sources are bad , just to one main site ( which even there refers to the band and not the person ) that seems to be a mirror of the content in an external link .	0	1	VBP	are	is
greene 's family holds a distinguished place in american military history .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
it color is white , VBN with rose .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at NNP hill , the highway rises from the swan coastal plain to the NNP NNP at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	rises	rise
the annual migration is the largest of any persian tribe .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most people tend to take latin as it is required for a number of prestigious independent schools in the local area .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
i had actually just forgotten to add NN , but i would say that it would have minimal use since the tables are very small .	21	22	VBP	are	is
NNP 's father is german , originally from hamburg , and NNP 's mother , who was born in new jersey , is of german and swedish descent .	13	22	VBZ	is	are
the mass of jupiter is approximately CD times that of the earth .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
alternative uk prints without the VBG eyes ' effects exist , which show that during the final sequence , in the NNS , the kids VBP their eyes as they VBP ' NNP 's mind unlike the NN frames with added NN eyes used in the american prints .	2	9	VBP	exist	exists
the grid may be VBN ( as shown in the figure within the JJ section ) , or VBN ( thus , keyboards where the JJ keys are ordered in pure vertical columns are JJ to the standard ) .	22	33	VBP	are	is
NN NNS are one of the most popular commercial designs on the amateur astronomical market , having been JJ since the 1960s .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this can be done RB in NN only when all the sections are directly part of the same page , but a script can not determine that at a NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the reason for this is unclear however , and might suggest NN of the NNS between VBG periods .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this survivor is usually not spoken of due to his NN of NN of the world around him and vice NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the difference in composition between these two systems , and the fact that these NNS were scattered over various orders in more recent systems such as the NNP system and the NNP ii system suggests it was never a very good unit in the first place .	1	34	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNS '' there are no JJ NNS in malay .	0	3	VBP	are	is
just wondering , any reason why you have travelled instead of traveled , as it appears other words like NNP ' are written in NNP .	4	15	VBZ	appears	appear
citations provided are to several blog sites ( on one of which NNP serves as a guest writer ) .	0	2	VBP	are	is
while the idea of sending NNS RB never to return may be VBG upon first hearing , the rationale for JJ exploration and settlement trips has both historical and practical roots .	18	25	VBZ	has	have
the JJ movement holds that NNP 's views are not accurately followed by modern NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
animal NNS bones and NNS are very useful in the beginning .	2	5	VBP	are	is
michael NNP an JJ agent has a very important secret .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the union soldiers learn of the NNP ' attempt and counter with their `` messenger destroyer , '' who turns out to be none other than NNP .	2	3	VBP	learn	learns
this extraction process is in general used as a second step after JJ extraction , since NN alone will not break down NN effectively - heat is essential .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the river is CD kilometers long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the last moments of the drama , NNP 's hands move and VBP NNP 's hand .	10	11	VBP	move	moves
when VBG at high speed , the engine turns more slowly than the wheels but develops more JJ than needed .	7	8	VBZ	turns	turn
wikipedia are not up for discussion here and this NN is out of order .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the valve 's body is the outer NN of most or all of the valve that contains the internal parts or trim .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this does not mean that process is irrelevant , but that processes compatible with an NN 's requirements lead to roughly similar results .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
i think honorary degrees are ridiculous , and if i am ever so JJ to be offered one , i plan to decline it .	3	4	VBP	are	is
there is limited support for NNP and NNP enclosed in an NNP container ( files using the NNP container format are not RB supported ) or NNP NN with the NNP NNP components .	14	20	VBP	are	is
JJ NN materials include the original NN as well as the newer NNS JJ acid , JJ acid , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the upper portion contains a window with VBG with NNP columns in each side , decorated with curves and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
two JJ channels lead inland across the NNP delta and connect the port with NNP city .	2	3	VBP	lead	leads
look , even the closer VBZ that an article can exist with this title .	0	5	VBZ	recognises	recognise
to ensure all round development of the students , the institute provides the required facilities for games and sports .	10	11	VBZ	provides	provide
NNP band members , tommy shaw , james young along with others put the benefit concert together in a short period of time .	2	12	VBP	put	puts
spider-man defeats the JJ leader , after doing this , spider-man escapes a VBG NN while the citizens returns to normal .	4	11	VBZ	escapes	escape
the municipal government has one municipal president , a `` NN '' and six representatives called `` NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
numbers are from the 2006 census .	0	1	VBP	are	is
another solution is to consider all research done thus far on the history of chinese philosophy as comparative research .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS abu NNP 's hair then says that `` king NNP '' looks like a dirty wizard or a homeless santa NNP .	5	7	VBZ	says	say
NNP as much as possible , in order to achieve points 2 and 3 , rather specialized code is needed , specific to the architecture the application runs on .	26	27	VBZ	runs	run
the range of NNS that is absorbed depends on the properties of the specific gas .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
a barn NN is a device used to aid in the cleaning of NN and NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the rim is JJ and JJ , with no significant erosion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a typical feature of almost every NNS ' is the NNP ' or the wrestling ring where NNS and the grown JJ practice various forms of wrestling .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP mission is to VB the use and effectiveness of fire alarm systems in the protection of life and property in canada .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the store is an JJ women 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
there si no point to this discussion and the nominator is clearly a sockpuppet having a nice NN at our expense .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this category is for men 's basketball players at NNP college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the brigade is currently deployed in the west bank where its primary missions include JJ operations , NN of palestinian NNS , patrols , manning NNS and regular security activities .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
as well as low rainfall , NN problems were made worse by the fact that the JJS parts of england also have the highest population density , and therefore highest water consumption .	17	21	VBP	have	has
his portfolio is very vast and includes NNS , NNS , egyptian , oriental and JJ NN , mythology and its origins , NN , NN , NNS , landscapes , portraits and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the government VBD that all people over the age of 8 years buy an amount of salt per year at a price that the government had set .	5	12	VBP	buy	buys
it is often encountered by people NNS and NNS alike , but due to the relative NN of this species , most people have no idea about these NNS .	22	23	VBP	have	has
it is not a JJ bird , though some populations may make regional movements when food is JJ .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
at most a top level description might be appropriate if the NN system is sufficiently widely used - such as the isbn system , or the NNP NN system .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
a structure might have all the appearances of stability , yet offer nothing but danger when an earthquake occurs .	17	18	VBZ	occurs	occur
a pattern day NN is subject to special rules .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the nearest munich NNP stations are NNP to the south-east and NNP and NNP to the east .	4	5	VBP	are	is
however , the reliability of the striking photo has been debated , as many sources say that it was staged .	14	15	VBP	say	says
the NNP owned half contains the NNS ( that are no longer available for JJ ) , the tennis courts ( which no longer have NNS ) , the NN and the basketball court .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
bernard parish , and to a lesser extent in NNP , where the people basically speak the NNP NNP dialect ( because of the mexican NNS which emigrated to NNP in CD , along with NNPS who went there after leaving NNP ) .	13	15	VBP	speak	speaks
the three books included are NNP 's daughter , divided NNP and oath of gold .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the NN continues , with the same editors refusing to VB on things .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
residents elect a mayor and seven council members to three-year terms , with a two term limit .	0	1	VBP	elect	elects
as a consequence , the game articles provide many variants for the described games .	6	7	VBP	provide	provides
another area that will benefit from large-scale changes is `` NNP NNP '' , where the tracks will be pulled back to the central park , so that the NN can host two lanes .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
if people want to learn about the game , they can click on the NNS .	1	2	VBP	want	wants
her son NNP discovers them in NN and RB NNS NNP in bed , but VBZ her JJ lover , whom he frames as her killer .	1	3	VBZ	discovers	discover
the article exhibits to australian society , a prime example of the NN of violence against women in the society of the time .	1	2	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
seasons JJ `` the NN '' , it is established that NNP is dating his JJ NNP , although the relationship seems short-lived when she seems to take an interest in an employee of NNP 's in `` NNP '' .	20	21	VBZ	seems	seem
the average temperature of NNP is .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
one reason is the ease of VBG deep issues RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these NNS typically have a capacity for 15 passengers with a total load of 1 NN , though those at interchange or JJR stations have been designed with a larger handling capacity .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the JJ moment also consists of three NNS , and the intellectual moment is a NN ( seven elements ) , among which is numbered the NNP from NNP 's NNP and also the NN of time ( which is before JJ things ) .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
along the southwestern coast , the zone reaches an elevation of 400 at the head of the large NNS ( as in NNP ) , and about 300 m NN to the coast .	6	7	VBZ	reaches	reach
the JJ national basketball team is the national team of JJ basketball .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
these organizations include british NNP forum ( NNP ) , global tamil forum ( NNP ) and tamil youth organization ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
why do so many women jump boat and go from being a democrat to being a republican only because the republican NNP candidate is a female .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
junior teams are teams with higher NN athletes that are on the team based on skill .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ teeth are JJ teeth located between the NN and JJ teeth .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the center is an affiliate of the federation of indian NNP associations ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when editors say that an organisation is not notable according to wikipedia guidelines , this is not intended to imply in any way that the organisation is trivial or JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the second is the JJ stage , which VBZ three to four days .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for example , the NNS give eggs , the NNS produce milk , and the horses are used to pull NNS for the visitors from one end of the village to the other .	9	10	VBP	produce	produces
only deletion discussions ( afds ) are precedent setting , and then only for articles that are substantially similar or inferior - ie , if deleted as non-notable , bringing part of the text back as a stub is inferior .	2	6	VBP	are	is
VBN by a new , JJR , and more efficient discovery made by NNP and NNP 's JJ strength , the building of the bridge rapidly begins to speed up , and the completion of the bridge VBZ .	10	26	VBZ	begins	begin
radar VBG causes a phenomenon called NN , which occurs when the NNP frequency created by NN motion VBZ the pulse NN frequency ( NNP ) .	13	18	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
the remaining material is unreferenced , copied from the NNPS of the four masters .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the best writing gets to the point , and uses JJ language that the audience is likely to understand .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NN is an exception to this and has seen numbers increase by more than 4 , 000 from the year ending march 2005 to that ending march 2008 .	9	10	VBP	increase	increases
arriving at home the situation gets out of hand as his father gets transferred because of his work and if it was not enough being on his own , the mysterious girl he met before meets him again .	4	5	VBZ	gets	get
i assume the main author is an expert in the field , but the idea is to provide references to reliable sources so that anyone could check the facts or read further if they wanted to .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
his magic powers allow him to stretch or VB any part of his body to any shape and almost any size , ranging from becoming JJ to becoming RB small .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
students also undergo the teaching assistant training and teaching opportunity program ( NNP ) , to help prepare them for teaching in a university setting .	0	2	VBP	undergo	undergoes
the ceremonial jacket of the mounted unit is red in colour with black riding NNS with double gold NN on both sides of the NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the rationale for using this image is that after a JJ search of the web for a JJ image of ross NNP , jr .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in general , min NNP has 7 to 9 NNS , and tone is extensive .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
as the tournament has been over for nearly a year now , the overall content of the article is unlikely to change , and most edit wars regarding the content have been resolved .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
NN is the all india NNP collegiate cultural and fine art JJS involving huge participation from students of various colleges and universities across the country .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
theater credits include NNP shaw , golden boy , i hate hamlet , the importance of being NNP , god , into the woods , hello NNP , and the NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
finale athens ball is a NN silver NN with royal blue and white .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each domain individually is very similar to the JJ domains in NN NN , and JJ NN but they relative orientation of these domains in NNP is VBN by 66 degrees .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the historians call all of them as NNP of NNP .	1	2	VBP	call	calls
most of the tasks the user lists are ones which do not require admin tools - the sole one which does not , deletion , does not appear to be one which this user is familiar with , showing very few edits to the deletion class of articles .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the NNS for this image are with NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the phrase turns up in many cases just as a description of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
hence , the left regular NNS generate exactly all regular languages .	5	6	VBP	generate	generates
every clerk ( JJ ) in holy orders is under NN , not being let ( prevented ) by NN or some other JJ cause , to say daily the morning and evening prayer .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
his father leaves him in charge of the family 's real estate business .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
NN - some players VBP pleasure from making it as difficult as possible for the opponent to actually VB the win .	3	4	VBP	derive	derives
i can prove that , in the CD case , the middle NNS of the last column and last row much have the same NN .	12	21	VBP	have	has
the NN is deep , wide and in length , protected in the NNP canyon provincial park .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN economy is a type of proposed future economy where the exact demand for goods is known ahead of time , before any material production takes place .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cooking show where the host is not a chef and knows little about cooking ( or at least that is what he wants people to believe ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
as eric NNP and colleagues found at NNP , the plants in these populations mostly lack NNS and have a high level of NN .	10	15	VBP	lack	lacks
an alternative definition from the NNP of an NNP is , `` a clearly defined geographical space , recognized , dedicated , and managed through legal or other effective means , to achieve the long term conservation of nature with associated NN services and cultural values .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNS have sold out every game since 1960 , and more than 81 , 000 names remain on the waiting list ( with a reported average wait time of 30 years ) .	16	17	VBP	remain	remains
NNP NNP is a mobile NN technology by NNP designed to allow for any product with the embedded solution to connect to the internet anywhere a wireless carrier provides data coverage .	27	28	VBZ	provides	provide
a list of google hits hardly VBZ as significant reliable sources .	1	6	VBZ	qualifies	qualify
the soviet system almost always tended to act like a single body , which is why a list that concerns only that body is valid , as valid for example as a list of battles fought by a particular country or NN .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN of each JJ NN opens into the NN VBZ as it enters the NN NN .	2	7	VBZ	opens	open
adult leaves are JJ JJ and often JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
keep to nominate this over one see also section is ridiculous .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
note NN is a better term than soap - soap is typically sodium NN or very similar - as found in a bar of soap .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the collaboration seeks to identify an important lgbt article every month and improve it to fa quality .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek
many states include NNS beyond `` state park '' in their state parks systems .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
radio and tv appearances include NNP ( fm ) , NNP and NNP , usa ; bbc radio york , uk ; israel broadcasting authority ( NNP ) , and radio NNP NNP NNP ( NNP ) , belgium .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
in bird articles the description section generally occurs earlier in the article than seen here , and it may help to follow suite in this article .	5	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
the same recording also appears on their live compilation album live live live tokyo dome CD .	2	4	VBZ	appears	appear
i am sure the information is online somewhere , but any quick guide would be very welcome .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
content is king - and the best content editors are the true kings of the wiki .	8	9	VBP	are	is
NNP radio relay ( formerly radio relay link ) a NN translation , needs cleanup and NN .	2	13	VBZ	needs	need
in any sense , this dialogue is one of the most original and powerful passages that NNP ever composed '' or , as another critic puts it , `` so that the JJ text is heard in VBG relief .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ companies offer free patterns for these caps .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
support my principle tells me that a interaction ban will only see both users ( or one of them ) blocked soon , which is sad .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the aim of the project is to create interest for the common european heritage of the NNP and its remains .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
since it is featured at both the beginning and end of the piece , the melody of the a strain is possibly the most JJ melody in the piece .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
more recognition needs to be given by governments to the JJ impacts of regulation , especially the fiscal cost of implementation on councils and their citizens .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
he is married to NNP NNP , and the couple has children and NNS .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
depending on the VBN state of the deck , many different JJ hands are possible .	12	13	VBP	are	is
moreover , any JJ combination of two JJ measures is also JJ , so NNP ( x ) is a NN set ; NNP ( x ) consists precisely of the extreme points of NNP ( x ) .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP , is a NN poor greek man whose sole interest is sleep and eating .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
it was designed initially as a coaching aid to give players a feel of rugby league without the risk of injury that full contact carries .	23	24	VBZ	carries	carry
i think the new JJ style looks RP better , a huge improvement over the previous one .	5	6	VBZ	looks	look
work is force moved through a distance .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
whereas an JJ keyboard 's VBG NN makes dynamic NN easy to control , the piano keyboard 's lack of VBG NN makes it JJ .	18	22	VBZ	makes	make
with excellent NNS and modern stage areas , the theatre 's interior design features a rich NN and gold NN .	12	13	VBZ	features	feature
VBG all these elements are generic and applied JJ research .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNS of sacred sites are concerned for the safety of all people , and the protection of sacred sites is integral to ensuring the NN of the country and the wider community .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
for example , the painting appears in gary b .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
perhaps you can describe here what is at the other end of that link , so readers here have a better idea of whether they want to look over NN .	16	18	VBP	have	has
thanks for joining the NNP assessment team , this team is going to provide the NN of the evaluation for this project , so the quality of your work is important .	25	29	VBZ	is	are
the deck consists of a traditional JJ deck with both NNP included , making a JJ deck .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the title is a NN on a live concert by talking heads .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
diploma mill while many distance education programs provide valuable instruction , others offer degrees with little requirements .	6	7	VBP	provide	provides
your suit preference signal tells partner which of the two remaining suits you prefer .	2	4	VBZ	tells	tell
so RB , VBN air is an energy storage device which can be used RB with batteries in many applications , especially when the system must VB or release energy rapidly .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a lecture consultant is an independent consultant who helps NNS and institutions with the delivery of teaching , with particular focus on NN and communication .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the explosive content is CD JJ NNP i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the price of different string types varies dramatically ; NN and NN strings are typically the most expensive , followed by leading synthetic core brands , and student steel strings at the lowest price range .	1	6	VBZ	varies	vary
for example having sex with `` your sister '' makes him bad , but he 's not entirely bad because he refuses to have sex with `` your NN '' .	7	9	VBZ	makes	make
NNP cell death protein 5 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
since JJ grades are so RB VBN into the fabric of schools , expected by students , parents and administrators alike , allowing students to participate in assessment is somewhat contentious .	2	3	VBP	are	is
only difference in image is that the background has been VBN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
significant and NN , the fort is now a popular tourist destination located by the NNP river bridge , which has been built at the confluence of the river and the arabian sea .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the cathedral , which was built in stages , is a major melbourne landmark .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
no , the NNS issues in references are not all done .	4	7	VBP	are	is
once passengers arrive at the front of the NN , they pass through a NN and enter a NN room via a JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	arrive	arrives
smaller NNS lie on the external NNS such as NNP and NNP NNP glacier .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
keep - the article easily meets wikipedia criteria for inclusion .	3	5	VBZ	meets	meet
the positions and NNS of NN are JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is
this article has no content except what is in the many other articles on the virgin mary .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the topic is therefore notable and should be retained in accordance with our editing policy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
any user who VBZ that he is above the rules , like adam carr , is the source of the problem .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
this attitude of him has a lot of time been a trouble to NNP 's life .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
some owners use pieces of other NNS to VB their own .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the senators from the NNP are jacques NNP ( NNP ) , NNP NNP ( NNP ) , rachel NNP ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the glacier flows north , and JJ NN supplies water to NNP creek , flowing eventually into the wind river .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
this system attempts to combined elements of the previous systems and VB these with NN based on NN type .	1	2	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the CD yard ( CD m ) NNP NNP is immediately east of the station site and the 93 yard ( CD m ) NNP NNP is a little further east towards NNP .	19	26	VBZ	is	are
all forms of the NN and NN are also not VB , but belong to the fourth family of ancient instruments under the NNS , the NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
hal and NNP NNP make their NNS in this book , NNP , lou and the volunteers fighting disease make their only appearance , and the person who looks like neither a man nor a woman makes his or her final appearance in this book .	32	36	VBZ	makes	make
the nearby pub the NNP rose also built by the new town corporation , VBZ NNP NNP link to the NNP king henry viii who gave the town its charter .	2	14	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
and at least this way is the least offensive , i .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a 1937 time magazine about NNP harris describes the NNP law review as `` nationally famed .	3	7	VBZ	describes	describe
an alternate theory suggests that the name was derived from JJ CD of NNS ' .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
similarly , john NNP VBZ that the `` widespread view that eastern christian thought is NNP , in contrast to western NNP '' is JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the standard now includes a top NN ; the u .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
although he completed the remainder of his education at NNP NNP ( alumni include charles NNP NNP ) , NNP 's most significant instruction came from his father , who prompted him to become a latin scholar by age 18 .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
my NNS and i RB VBP your review and decision , and we thank you for your time .	1	5	VBP	await	awaits
NNP NNP 's location in the pacific ocean , where the southern and northern NNS meet , means that its beaches are VBN with NN and debris .	3	17	VBZ	means	mean
the popular version is the result of NNS by various hands , notably george NNP , wesley 's NN , who changed the opening NN to the familiar one , and felix NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at such temperatures , matter begins to exhibit previously unknown qualities .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
a RB closed field is stable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the comments , at least about NNS , are back ; especially NN is this hidden comment .	1	8	VBP	are	is
even though there is no NN , the group suggesting deletion certainly gives me the impression that there is .	8	12	VBZ	gives	give
the JJS method of fan control is simply to leave the fan on all the time .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
our system here is that while we are talking about it , it does n't get to be in the article .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
an example is in an electronic NN , a system in which NNS specify the goods that they want as well as a maximum price that they are willing to pay .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
google search reveals almost nothing of published sources .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
there are third party sources , as i state above the article even cites a critical one .	8	13	VBZ	cites	cite
an entire section is unreferenced , and most references are plain html links , which is not proper format at all .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the game features over 1 , 000 of the latest NN !	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the units for the chemical NNS are unusual since they can vary depending on the NN of the reaction , and the number of NN and product components .	1	6	VBP	are	is
in both female and male prison facilities , some homosexual or JJ inmates enter into relationships with other inmates for varying reasons , of their own NN and choice .	12	13	VBP	enter	enters
if a student is to lock themselves out of their room or flat in the early hours of the morning they are able to go to a night porter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it features chelsea NNP from the NNP girls providing guest vocals , while the video shows the entire group dancing .	14	15	VBZ	shows	show
at best the argument to keep would maybe make an article about the book possible , but not the author , as of the two the book is the more well known .	19	27	VBZ	is	are
over a lifetime , even such simple activities as NN and NN leave JJ NNS on our bodies .	7	12	VBP	leave	leaves
delete per nomination - short has received no significant coverage in independent third party reliable sources that i can see - nearly all mentions and references are trivial at best - most only VBP that the thing exists , not much more .	36	37	VBZ	exists	exist
meanwhile , NNP VBZ george to ask NNP out , and NNP and burke 's relationship continues to progress .	15	16	VBZ	continues	continue
the medal is no longer issued as of 14 february 1959 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the third row begins with the aforementioned dot NNP , followed by the letters n through z , VBD through the same county .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
a train to cologne passes every 30 minutes .	1	4	VBZ	passes	pass
an example of this is the NN NN ( NN encoded ) from NNP NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the trade managers also facilitate business NNS and help locate NNS .	2	4	VBP	facilitate	facilitates
an introduction , '' states that , though experts disagree on public relations ' origins , many identify the early CD as its start as a paid profession .	8	9	VBP	disagree	disagrees
the JJ expansion seems to have begun in the 14th century .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the team currently plays in the first division of the NNP cup , attracting crowds of around 4 , 000 to home games in at north west stadium in NNP .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play
in addition , due to its overwhelming influence and lack of drivers ' say , nascar has even been compared to a NN by some NNS , political , and economic NNS .	11	13	VBP	say	says
this scratch form is best performed with long , sustained sounds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in addition to its main campus , the college operates the NNP development center in mount NNP , the NNP center in NNP , the pilot center in pilot mountain , and the NNP center in NNP .	8	9	VBZ	operates	operate
the requirements are successful completion of four art credits .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS treat waste water such as NN or output from JJ NNS or mechanical biological treatment facilities in NNS .	1	2	VBP	treat	treats
NNP refused to include any `` NNS '' or NNS in the text because he believed that every person has different body chemistry and , therefore , different needs .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
documents are free to VB and download , most in pdf format , with a few articles in html .	0	1	VBP	are	is
its NN page is completely unsourced .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the essay is well known for its sophisticated , JJ NN , and is widely regarded as one of the prime examples of political NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of this method is that the NN of a laser can not be changed by much .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while tv theme songs are still an important part of hong kong music , the arrival of the four NNP kings ( NNP ) took NNP a stage higher .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the words `` NNP free '' are also on the tin NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
many senior NNP natives VBP that the town 's name VBZ from before the american civil war .	9	10	VBZ	originates	originate
three other NNS are also forced down .	2	3	VBP	are	is
names are similar to those in NNP , using a forward NN VBG character and JJ naming elements .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this proposed explanation finds most of the VBG thrust in the heat from the main equipment NN reflecting off the back of the main antenna , which would tend to produce a thrust in the direction of the sun .	2	3	VBZ	finds	find
the most famous location is the union square NNP , held monday , wednesday , friday , and saturday between 8 am and 6 pm NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the award is a science fiction audio competition and NNS are sent RB to the panel each year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article provides information on santa ana unified school district elementary schools .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
i still feel that the subject of the article is notable , but as i can not access the sources , i can not confirm their reliability , independence , and NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the if part of the NN follows immediately from the fact that the partial trace is a positive map .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in many cases , a composer comes up with a chorus or a theme first and writes the preceding verse , introduction and exposition to match .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
NN VBZ that the two types of shell VBG found are from two different guns .	5	10	VBP	are	is
the district includes the core of the original town that was incorporated in 1894 , it is dominated by large JJ and JJ houses , many with JJ NNS , VBD glass windows , and VBG brick NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
comment a picture from youtube is worth a lot less .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the teams range from under CD up to under CD and all play in a variety of leagues around manchester .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the second is that the NN creates an NNP for an NN to VB and block NN of the NN .	5	6	VBZ	creates	create
NNP and NNP convince NNP that the whale has to be returned to its mother , who is being held prisoner by the evil NNP NNP , maker of JJ beauty products .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the plan includes VBG the landscape and environment for the benefit of wildlife , as well as building a suitable visitor centre .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
commune NNP puerto NNP , NNP province , the capital is the town of NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in addition beast 's origin is almost identical to that of the comic , despite the change in profession and setting .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this species is found throughout the old world , apparently breeding where suitable NNS are to be found in many european countries , although it no longer breeds in southwestern europe .	13	14	VBP	are	is
according to paul NNP in his textbook psychology applied to work , `` mechanical NN tests require a person to recognize which mechanical principle is suggested by a test item .	15	16	VBP	require	requires
that NN stands out as unique .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
a group of NNS , also contributing properties , faces the building from across NNP .	1	9	VBZ	faces	face
this means JJ reliable sources to demonstrate that the material is of encyclopedic interest .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
no console of this generation is even in development yet , leaving the page nothing but speculation .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
comment not all the way through , but a lot of this is old news - old bad NN and what VBZ down to accusations of bad faith editing .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
my position now is essentially the same as the one i put forth a month ago on the talk page , see here .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
visitors have to be dressed RB in order to enter .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the party also supports a universal old age pension , and the NN of pension means tests .	1	3	VBZ	supports	support
NNP is interested in the fact that the house has a NN lake , which NNP tells him is being searched tomorrow , and that mr .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the relevant article is here , but not sufficiently updated yet .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
electric NN NNS utilize an electric heating element to heat a NN iron to the desired heat in much the same way an electric NN or space NN works .	2	3	VBP	utilize	utilizes
i am not sure the accusation in violation of 3rr is correct .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
i would be creating a situation where my argument appears JJR than it is .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the main difference between NNS and NNS , is that NNS are not inserted inside the ear canal .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tag version is the standard game in france where it is called NN du NN ( NN game ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as the title suggests , it features NN using guns .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
leaders control the information that flows down the channels of communication , VBG what they do not want the NN to know .	0	1	VBP	control	controls
our article on [ [ october 17 ] ] makes no mention of such a day in its holiday and NNP .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make
unlike NN , nothing is to be left at the NNS ; the sole objective is to visit them within the time limit .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the player takes the role of a knight of king arthur .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the area features a sailing club ( NNP grove sailing club ) , a yacht club ( coral reef yacht club ) and a marina ( dinner key marina ) .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
if some reliable external source such as a news agency picks the story up and VBZ it , then it might qualify for here .	4	10	VBZ	picks	pick
the board determines that because of her NN leave , she was not at attending status at the time of the incident and was not authorized to make the decision for the procedure .	1	2	VBZ	determines	determine
i doubt most NNS are equipped to provide that much energy to the trailer , and besides sometimes NNS need to be left standing on their own with no cab .	18	19	VBP	need	needs
he had the help of a NN who made occasional edits of his own , and thus the chronicle provides JJ NNS of a knight who was not a high level leader or NN .	18	19	VBZ	provides	provide
also , many smaller species offer a great variety of decorative features and deserve JJ attention .	4	5	VBP	offer	offers
notable guest artists on this release include frequent NN and map the soul NN NNP , korean american NN NNP one , battle rapper NNP , NNP ( from NNP peoples ) , underground rap NN NNP , and VBZ group planet NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
based on her own dog , lucy , the statue is not representative of any particular breed but has been VBN to generate a sense of australian NN in the viewer .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
however , if the line is not vertical it allows us to both test and generate points .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the amount of money spent on a character is not primarily what we look at .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the roof of the platform VBZ a JJ NN space and the sides of the platform use VBZ to reflect NN .	1	5	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
having read and JJ the entry on the fuel cell and studied the diagram , i 'm still searching for a way to explain - using a widely JJ NN - how a hydrogen fuel cell works ( in a hydrogen car , for example ) .	35	36	VBZ	works	work
its responsibility includes JJ message transfer independent of the underlying network , along with error control , NN , flow control , NN control , and application addressing ( port numbers ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the australian NN coin is a coin of the australian dollar .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP family plays a crucial role in the control of cell cycle and action of NN NN proteins and is also a target of the VBG proteins of small dna NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	plays	play
this category is for articles about NN in indonesia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is also served by trains between london and NNP via NNP north ; these trains use NNP station in london on NNS ( except late NNS ) and king 's cross at other times .	15	16	VBP	use	uses
students have to pay for the NN lunch ( the cost of the meal differs by region ) .	0	1	VBP	have	has
i do n't see why using this blog is particularly desirable here , the abc report and response performs the same function with JJ sources ; saying the blog was critical of the report might be ok with respect to blp , but also JJ .	15	18	VBZ	performs	perform
a square sail is the JJS way of creating a large sail area on a relatively low NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his work has three periods , in which he was engaged in VBG the university studies , VBG plans for VBG the NN ( a task which after CD absorbed all his NNS ) , and in the evening of his life writing books of devotion .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
my object in VBG this arrangement is that the NNS should be at one time apparent and at another time VBN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
he is a NN to all NNS in michigan , and his powers are unknown .	12	13	VBP	are	is
my guess is that there are between a half dozen to 10 core NNS characters with some third party interest ( NNP prime , NNP , NNP come immediately to mind ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the killer attacks cole , and later sets campbell 's home on fire .	1	2	VBZ	attacks	attack
nature is what makes people RB .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
no NNS are allowed except for those specifically approved by NNP and listed below ; these models have no programming or communications capabilities which could allow people to VB .	16	17	VBP	have	has
the JJ people generally operate under a NN system which is also true for the NNP .	2	4	VBP	operate	operates
this game is a great departure to many nascar games , as this game is an arcade racing featuring various tracks and mario NNP JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you are free to VB VBG interpretations , but the words speak for themselves .	10	11	VBP	speak	speaks
obviously this is not true , but please verify it , in order to confirm that his claims are JJ .	17	18	VBP	are	is
whenever two masses orbit each other , the combined effect of the JJ NN of the moving objects produces JJ waves which carry away orbital energy .	9	18	VBZ	produces	produce
lists of common NNS are widely available and can make password attacks very efficient .	0	4	VBP	are	is
this short-lived plant has a NN form , its JJ branches VBG across the ground .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
they seem to be NNS about which JJ day each chapter is to be read on .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
this term is too new to be included here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a user talk page is a JJ location for VBG out what a user is all about .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS and NNS are not able to make the transition to oral NN , as they develop an active NN to or a NN in food .	0	3	VBP	are	is
technically , the table only covers successful NNS ( i .	3	5	VBZ	covers	cover
when asked in this rfa about an us v them attitude between admins and editors , your response seems RB defensive of admins , and NN of editors .	17	18	VBZ	seems	seem
cultural NN is itself a modern term and the extensive see also section in that article gives another NN of terms .	12	16	VBZ	gives	give
it 's a JJ term meaning someone from northern ireland - if your born in northern ireland it 's quite safe to say that they are thus northern irish regardless of your citizenship - and sources are only really needed for questionable statements or things open to question .	35	36	VBP	are	is
the largest village of the municipality is NNP with an administration building , a school , a hospital , several shops , a NN , some restaurants and a hotel .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the seed oil is rich in JJ acid , an JJ ' JJ acid .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
every user has both a userpage and a talk page ( indeed every article also has an associated talk page ) .	13	15	VBZ	has	have
a central question in the JJ dynamic literature is the nature of control and regulation over resources and production .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
adults are on wing from late february to late may in one generation per year .	0	1	VBP	are	is
another user has pointed out on its talk page how VBZ the article is .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the line is now part of the egyptian national railways network .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their NN teeth are relatively long .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's famous animal sanctuary in NNP hills , the NNP national park , is also near .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP , the egg is a male .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the guitar also feature JJ NNP NNS ; an 81 in the bridge , and a 60 in the neck .	1	3	VBZ	feature	features
the biggest NN arm drill NNS are able to drill holes as large as four inches ( 101 .	5	6	VBP	are	is
design and initially staff the NNP NNP first major step of the project preparation phase is to design and initially staff an NNP technical support organization ( NNP ) , which is the organization that is charged with addressing , designing , implementing and supporting the NNP solution .	9	15	VBZ	is	are
the park is home to a rich diversity of threatened plants and animals including ; the NNP oak NNP NN ( discovered in 2000 ) , the NNP NNP NNP NN and the NNP NNP NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the family is most known for their ongoing feud with the newman family , which has mostly VBN between victor newman and jack NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article reflects RB on the controls , stating that `` [ they ] are a little JJ '' , but overall their impression is positive , saying that the game is an ideal introduction to the tower defense genre for young children .	1	2	VBZ	reflects	reflect
developmental delay is a potential secondary effect of chronic or NN NN , but is at least RB JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
library NNS - NNP and al go to the library to VB some books .	1	6	VBP	go	goes
many tax systems provide for collection of tax from NNS by requiring NNS of certain types of income to VB tax from the payment and VB it to the government .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
JJ business leads the canadian tissue market by providing quality products to market segments such as office buildings , healthcare , food service , manufacturing , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
the second is the text of a decision of an organ of the luxembourg government concerning the flag of luxembourg .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another custom for NN NN is to , depending on your custom of VBG NN and NN , is to have more than two NNS and three NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
largest scale classes of NNS are JJ materials supported on NN , used for NN .	2	5	VBP	are	is
this district includes the counties of NNP , NNP , lawrence , limestone , madison , jackson , and parts of morgan .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
i think that prize is very close to establishing notability .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the college presently consists of over CD student population with children studying from primary level to secondary level education with a faculty of 130 teachers .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
in islam , NNS are seen as those who think that time only VBZ , hence the term ad NN for the concept of NN .	11	13	VBZ	destroys	destroy
the end of the third season marks the final appearances of many original characters , including curtis NNP , frank NNP , ray NNP , NNP q .	1	6	VBZ	marks	mark
NNP NNP article seems to be completely JJ by one editor and lacks encyclopedic value at present .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
this article is not obviously a bad faith ( i .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though they create NN in the NN , NN dreams also serve as a way for a person 's NN to NN .	9	11	VBP	serve	serves
authors with similar names are sometimes included as one entry , for example , the ranking for `` NNP '' applies not only to the author of the adventures of NNP ( NNP ) , but also to b .	15	20	VBZ	applies	apply
the airlines use these reports to VB engine VBG activities .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
other central committee members are NNP NNP NNP , NNP del carmen NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , martha NNP NNP NNP , luis NNP NNP , mario NNP NNP , josé santos NNP , jorge NNP NNP and josé santos NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
although the plant is rare , it is not considered particularly vulnerable to human activity because of its remote location in JJ mountain habitat .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the image gallery also looks as though it is missing two pictures .	2	4	VBZ	looks	look
the mixture of habitats is essential for the forest buffalo .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN is JJ with , and claims the territory of , the town of NNP which is an italian municipality .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i should note that NNP will only work if the JJ files are of the same aspect ratio and NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the JJ uk NNP laws only protect christians and could ( albeit unlikely ) be used to VB or cause NN to those who highlight some of the more JJ nonsense promoted by christians .	4	6	VBP	protect	protects
the average age of the swiss international air lines fleet is 10 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
these implementation principles are essential for leaders to overcome the four key organizational NNS that can prevent even the best strategies from being executed .	2	3	VBP	are	is
if the hand has a NN , we pull it out , no .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
a british amphibious assault during operation sutton leads to the battle of san carlos .	3	7	VBZ	leads	lead
private health insurance is widely available in brazil and may be purchased on an NN or obtained as a work benefit ( major employers usually offer private health insurance benefits ) .	23	25	VBP	offer	offers
i guess a bot is not the best answer for this situation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one interpretation of the site is that successive generations visited the site to VB a stone in honour of their ancestors .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
they are members of the teaching committee , whose specific task and responsibility is to VB and VB clinical NN and its NN , JJ research .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
the medium wave broadcast is strong enough to be heard as far south as NNP at certain times of the day .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
VBN breaks open the door and knife in hand , moves toward the NN where tyler is hiding .	1	2	VBP	open	opens
running 88 minutes and titled velocity , the new scenes feature jack NNP NN joe richards playing an older version of the character originally played by NNP , as well as performances by jorge garcia , jason NNP , and dick miller .	9	10	VBP	feature	features
wikipedia , which is the sole reason this page exists .	8	9	VBZ	exists	exist
ships and submarines in the royal navy each have a badge and motto , as do units of the royal air force .	0	8	VBP	have	has
historians say the NNP were related to the NNP NNP , and migrated into the area from mississippi and alabama .	0	1	VBP	say	says
its natural habitat is the NN forests of the lower to middle NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
after NN , a habitat usually grows for around 10 years .	4	6	VBZ	grows	grow
pig iron is essential for making cast iron and is the intermediate product of VBG iron ore with a NN fuel such as NN , usually with limestone as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the list of articles below is complete ( as of july 15 , 2009 ) with every legitimate swedish queen included .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN is a JJ term and not scientific , if science is the aim .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the player controls the NNS , the NNS , research , government spending , spy operations ( including the launching of satellites ) , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the catholic minority goes to church in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
the towers are CD ( CD ) feet tall , and have an external diameter of CD ( CD ) and an internal diameter of just over CD ( 3 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
seas include the gulf of NNP , NNP sea , arabian sea , bay of bengal , great australian NNP , NNP sea , gulf of NNP , NNP channel , gulf of NNP , persian gulf , red sea and other tributary water bodies .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
transportation costs are often lower for weekend NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the distinction between `` minimal '' and `` least '' is only possible when the given order is not a total one .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
many NNS have footage that shows you what the subject is about very few make you feel it like this one does .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
newer guns , especially those made in taiwan and china , have metal internal and external parts .	1	11	VBP	have	has
this second non-free image is not necessary to fully understand the topic .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one example of positive NN occurs among species of monitor NNS ( family NNP ) , in which the NNS are relatively longer in JJ species .	19	20	VBP	are	is
all stations are within NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the municipality operates the NNP municipal airport .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
in this way , upper caste uses such things and VBD their NNS but they never eat JJ caste NNS food items and water .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
this district includes NNP , NNP and lady NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the member states of the european union each have their own NN system concerning the export of JJ products .	2	8	VBP	have	has
this way is the latest acoustic NNP album released on may 14 , 2007 in the united kingdom .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
input to the JJ NN comes from a variety of regions and carries a number of different chemicals .	0	5	VBZ	comes	come
one example is the NNP player for linux and NNP systems , which can use JJ NNP 2 skin files .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP had his men block the duke 's guards outside and VB duke NNP in the courtyard .	3	4	VBP	block	blocks
the quote is a pretty close fit , but the context does not seem to agree with what i understand to be the meaning of the expression .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even if the criticism is JJ , it is RB better to have JJ criticism that can be properly VBN and informed criticism that should be reviewed and considered then to have nothing , which is what we have now .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
all sources agree on this , and i believe john accepts this also .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
today , 29 children live at the cambodia NNP museum relief center .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
the softball field is nearby , as are the currently vacant memorial stadium and the sherman family sports complex .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
peter NNP from the guardian commented that `` there are JJ NNS and comedy indian relations VBP , but the whole thing is very JJ and JJ .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the name is from the old norse NNP , the plural of NNP , meaning `` ( small ) river '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all these NNS exhibit greater NN in hot water than cold , allowing for easy NN .	2	3	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
NNP group , whereas each member works with the same NN , 13 NNS have joined the production of NNP .	5	6	VBZ	works	work
editor NNP NNP said that `` their ( communist ) future in indian politics is in NN .	8	14	VBZ	is	are
the bike needs to be fixed before the marker is sent to NNP , though .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
maple township is one of fourteen townships in dodge county , nebraska , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in july 2009 , the band announced on their website that two new albums are to be released that year .	13	14	VBP	are	is
this one is so clean , and exceptional by wiki standards .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP notes that `` no early author describes or names the singer who saw these two poems written down .	6	7	VBZ	describes	describe
the tech demo allows players to VB through a fictional castle realm with various areas such as a circus NN , a river and a cathedral .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the whole thing is an edit war soup .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its programme includes NNS , journals , NNS , professional and reference works in print and online .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
rename - merger with jane NNP makes no sense .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
later that evening we learn that the doctor is still out of town and has become seriously ill .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
as indicated by his pseudonym , wolf 's writings dealt primarily foreign affairs and NN and he became a respected expert in these fields .	8	9	VBP	dealt	dealt
these differences involve the way NN is expelled from the human body and other questions of sexual NN .	1	2	VBP	involve	involves
developer tools include data logging , NN , NN , contract programming , and unit tests .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
an interesting property of the upper box dimension not shared with either the lower box dimension or the NNP dimension is the connection to set addition .	2	20	VBZ	is	are
the chairman is also a nominee of the JJ officer who is a government officer in india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city also hosts the national theatre of bosnia and herzegovina , established in 1919 , as well as the NNP youth theatre .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
one reason that the opera has stayed in the repertoire is due to the JJ JJ music provided by NNP for the tenor lead , which gives a talented singer many opportunities to demonstrate his NN skill and VB his voice .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the page should also be moved to NNP NNP , his names are the wrong way round in the title .	11	12	VBP	are	is
they are perhaps the most JJ of the NNP , the only type of legacy affiliation they maintain is the occasional exchange of information if they cross another NNP 's path .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
because the NNP campaign has no dedicated NNS or organizational hierarchy , it is hard to VB how many NNS have taken place .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
either way , the story is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
keep , this person has the same notability that monica NNP has .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NN has been added and the walls are NN with JJ butterfly oak VBG from italy .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the chapel itself occupies nearly all of the ground floor of the building and is accessed through a tall metal door from the NN .	1	3	VBZ	occupies	occupy
for those trained in written chinese , it serves as a common medium ; for those VBN in it , the graphic nature of the characters is in general no aid to common understanding ( characters such as `` one '' VBG ) .	22	26	VBZ	is	are
words for part of a whole , as well as most other NNS that do not fall into any of the aforementioned classes , are RB .	0	24	VBP	are	is
this area is now part of NNP state park , managed by east bay regional park district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name `` NNP '' is a tribute to italian flag which name is precisely `` NNP '' and it 's means `` three colors '' namely green , white and red .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one plant that NNP owns jointly produces 20 NNS .	1	6	VBZ	produces	produce
a diagram in the notation consists of several shapes linked together by lines , much like NN toys .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist
while this story takes place in regular continuity , the section where NNP and the other new gods appear in this state is revealed to have been one in a series of possible worlds experienced by NNP norman , and not the actual present .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
NNP town is the district headquarters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the less complex method VBZ the leading tone as the root of the NN , and the other NN members as the third , fifth , and seventh of the NN , the same way other seventh NNS are VBN .	3	4	VBZ	treats	treat
i think the very nature of the wikipedia enables us to cope with editors whose command of the english language is limited - we have editors from all over the world , and from many language backgrounds who are able and willing to help .	4	8	VBZ	enables	enable
the policy is that the user be notified .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the pain often is worse with the JJ cycle and is termed NN .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the skull is from an extremely JJ individual , and has the RB largest NNS of any known NN remains .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP police station at the NNS is a well known landmark .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
and the cast for both seasons is basically the same , i am not sure we need two images when the first one appears to have all the characters of the second season but one .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
regulations provide food manufacturers with the choice of declaring added color ( s ) by either their common name or simply as `` colour '' .	0	1	VBP	provide	provides
its distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down NNP bay , from NNP , NNP , and the NNP bridge .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ drinks and foods are readily available to children .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP 's 2008 saints had four runners make NNP .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
some species however contain JJ NN and are therefore JJ , i .	1	3	VBP	contain	contains
the document says that NNP and other NNP members suspected dee of being involved with civil rights activity .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
he says that having sex only a few times a month is too difficult for him in his condition , and asks her to move to new york .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
in the united states , the corporate headquarters represents the entity at the center or the top of a corporation taking full responsibility managing all business activities .	7	8	VBZ	represents	represent
her other NNS and interests include participation in her church , hunting , fishing , reading and working out .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
list of polish flags also contains these photos .	0	5	VBZ	contains	contain
according to the antenna structure registration database , the tower is tall , with the antenna mounted at .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
some parts are VBN and JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the current mayor of NNP is francis NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
on the NNP side , the mountains are accessible by a VBN road ( with many NNS ) from NNP .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the area offers hiking and fishing in the summer , and in winter NN , a NN ski hill , and a JJ NN ski area , and is about from major ski hills at both NNP alpine resort and castle mountain resort .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
a famous example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this giant step in human development is taking place in as many varied ways , with as many NNS as there are countries , cultures and people .	18	21	VBP	are	is
the JJS JJ rhythm figures follow the JJ timing , comprising a two and a three ( or three and two ) .	4	5	VBP	follow	follows
comics and movies have lots in common , but few movies are as inspired and intimate as JJ head ' .	10	11	VBP	are	is
i am not sure what the quote about the dead commissioner adds to the article either .	6	11	VBZ	adds	add
two major roads , the NNP ( part of the former NNP NN ) and the NNP , also lead through NNP district to the polish border .	2	19	VBP	lead	leads
the valley is home to most of orange county 's central business districts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book is a limited edition printing of NNP 's black and white photographs from the 1980s of one of east la 's hispanic NNS , reviewed on la journal de la NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fluid NN may be required if blood loss is significant and patient becomes JJ .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the auburn tigers men 's basketball program is the college basketball program that represents auburn university , competing in the southeastern conference .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
support after reading the article this seems highly notable , additionally the article is updated .	0	6	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP 's JJ projects are frequently JJ and political .	3	4	VBP	are	is
legal tender has to do with the payment of NNS ; when you buy something in a shop the exchange of money and goods happens simultaneously so there is no debt .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this question is out of the necessity of VBG eight people in a JJ van for a stretch of road through arizona .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a distinctive feature of this species is that the NN of the first JJ segment is yellow , VBG with the black NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it can be VBN that this attention is what prompted the NNS of notre dame to ask him to join their ranks .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
other words are harder to VB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its current president is former professor david NNP NNP , who has served as a director , but never an officer , of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that night , the children create NNS to protect themselves .	4	5	VBP	create	creates
the best solution is to delete the article for being pov and if there is any information to move it to a article on human rights in sri lanka .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the JJ ball model , a NN is represented by a ball whose boundary sphere is JJ to the horizon sphere .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
however intelligent the human race may be , we as a species - including myself and SYM - are prone to moments of NN and NN .	11	18	VBP	are	is
his JJ invention is the printing press in CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP RB , then make their way back RB by foot on the NNS , taking the bus instead when the next site is too distant .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
dragons are also capable of NN , though this ability is unknown and used in an unconscious manner ( to VB flight ) until it is discovered as a conscious ability by the green dragon NNP and her rider NNP in the CD turn of the 9th pass .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the range extends from north carolina and florida , NNS through the caribbean sea and the gulf of mexico to venezuela and northern brazil .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
JJ led NNS are also available .	2	3	VBP	are	is
these awards are completely JJ , and help give editors a sense of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
traffic can back up five blocks in either direction , and not wholly clear before the bridge opens again .	16	17	VBZ	opens	open
what makes this video unique is that rick allen 's drum kit is placed in the front of the stage , while the rest of the band performs behind him .	23	27	VBZ	performs	perform
a new discussion on wording changes to the current guideline to clarify the use of NNS for subjects whose native names contain them has been initiated .	20	21	VBP	contain	contains
months pass by , and joy , now a JJ nurse , falls in love with NNP .	0	1	VBP	pass	passes
simply because format is the same as published by NNP NNP where editor VBD all tables giving a position to excluded teams too and added some lines explaining why their results had not to be considered .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the higher part , the common , is a large area of open land with houses around it .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the signature of each effect is a periodic NN when VBN as a function of JJ magnetic field .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the only issue here is whether your comments are appropriate to the rfc -- i stand behind my assertion that they are an ad JJ attempt to VB from the actual policy points i made in the rfc .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the blp issue here is that while the material here has a source , it is contentious , and it relates to the religious views of a living person who has directly VBN the claims made by dylan .	8	10	VBZ	has	have
these include showing that they have standing ( NN NN ) to bring cases , and that the matters are JJ to judicial review and NN by the court .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the vehicle is still a common sight on british roads , having become a popular choice for conversion to JJ vehicles ( not NNS ) and workshops .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a huge ad covers the top of the screen .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
a NN helps the cut crop fall RB onto a canvas or NN NN which moves it and deposits it into a NN , with all stems oriented in the same direction .	1	2	VBZ	helps	help
february 2010 ) ; JJ individual cases are for the most part no longer being recorded .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP rabbit tends to VB between 8 .	2	3	VBZ	tends	tend
they succeed in stopping him , though NNP knows that the battle is never truly over and begins VBG away to make preparations for the next battle .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the aim of the network is to help small business to make the most of the european NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in female humans , the sense of NN is strongest around the time of NN , significantly stronger than during other phases of the JJ cycle and also stronger than the sense in males .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
each skill presents different features , that will make them suitable for different kind of abilities .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
the poem features a homeless `` NN '' and her three companions , traveling the open road in rural england .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
that is why all those buildings and monuments that look like VBN marble , stone , or steel NNS are just NNS .	5	19	VBP	are	is
the NNP article address the aspects of the topic and the article stays focused and the subject and does giving unnecessary details .	11	12	VBZ	stays	stay
the anniversary represents an opportunity for the chinese dutch to meet each other again or to get to know each other .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
a service road runs just north of the interstate , from NNP through NNP , NNP and NNP to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
it would be good to establish why this particular firm is particularly notable , as opposed to similar firms of similar size and age .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a dream '' is a single by rapper common from the soundtrack to freedom writers .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the only previous NN system to use such a system of level boarding at high platforms is el NNP in NNP , ecuador , and the NNP system was said to be modeled on the NNP system , which has been very successful .	4	16	VBZ	is	are
the 2012 conflict in lebanon relates to violent JJ NNS between NN who are mostly NNP NNS , and NN who are largely NNP lebanese armed NNS throughout lebanon .	2	5	VBZ	relates	relate
the JJ flag of the NNP empire is a distinctive late JJ west african flag , frequently but probably RB described as the flag of the empire of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ cuisine mostly consists of NNS , NNS ( known as NN ) , NNS , and NNS .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
these reports generally show title records from each state NNP , along with NN and insurance total loss records and accident records ( 1 , 2 , 7 ) .	1	3	VBP	show	shows
the upper part of the NNP peninsula is a JJ ground for VBG NNS and generally protected during the summer months .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
river junction NNP is JJR than surrounding areas of the central valley , and is the only place in the valley where high concentrations of fine sandy NN are to be found .	23	28	VBP	are	is
participants lose weight by creating a NN NN ; the NNP system provides a framework for creating that NN .	11	12	VBZ	provides	provide
to carry out the attack , a special NN file is created for NN in the system under attack , such that the first JJ block in two or more sectors is identical .	25	31	VBZ	is	are
fringe editors also have the opportunity to join in discussions , RB to VB between NNP and others .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the mine resembles that of NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	resembles	resemble
it would also be helpful for english speakers who are searching information about the united nations , if they can see the terms in official languages all in one page , rather than VBG which word is the official name in an article written in a foreign language .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
it is located at the southern end of palm beach , new south wales , and members provide voluntary patrols on weekends and public holidays .	16	17	VBP	provide	provides
NNP christian ( free NNP church claims over 30 , 000 NNS ) according to the preliminary 2011 census , the total population is 103 , CD .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
comment the link that michael provides is a list of articles that pop up about peter joseph and his films or the movement he has created .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
on second thoughts , the page looks far too long to merge together .	5	6	VBZ	looks	look
cool off was released as the fourth single , the song is all about a couple who VBZ an emotional NN or be in a particular state of mind .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
you should bear in mind that the guidelines quite specifically say you should not do this .	7	10	VBP	say	says
much of its NN ( an example is the NNS or thunder cross ) is ancient .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
any changes you make to the page will automatically be replaced when the bot runs again .	13	14	VBZ	runs	run
past NNS include NNP NNP , wife of francis NNP ; she created the simple iconic image of dna as two JJ NNS linked by ten NNS per turn of the double NN that appeared in the article in nature VBG the discovery of its structure .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the aim of NNP is to remain NN of the legal and political NNS that have VBN other NNP NNS by being independent both of hardware and of any central control .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
VBG concerns are still here i think , but black falcon and NNP 's newly presented information is VBG enough to keep the article for now .	1	2	VBP	are	is
horror writer james NNP regards this as a NN , VBG that the film `` VBZ much of the NNP mythology '' .	13	15	VBZ	ignores	ignore
it is VBN that the differences help young birds VBP for their NN , JJR flight muscles and NNS flying ability .	5	6	VBP	help	helps
having the fact the song is from 2002 , and there were not separate chart explanation articles .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the play opens with NNP delivering a NN on good NN .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
NNP if transparent background is possible or desired , but it 's something to consider .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the mission walk was to raise money for the catholic missions , where students walk from NNP to NNP seminary , a total of NN .	13	14	VBP	walk	walks
indian officials say the guards had only shot at and injured two NNP trying to VB into west bengal .	1	2	VBP	say	says
i see no reason to believe that this user is here for any other purpose than to VB .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
their JJ themes tend to VB around subjects such as theology , philosophy , and death .	2	3	VBP	tend	tends
the NNP 's most popular dance is the JJ dance and NN ( a funeral ceremony dance performed by JJ clan ) which seems to be VBG with NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS occur in the content processing stages performed by the client , typically in JJ NNP .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the second section goes on to include paragraphs on the separation of powers and the NN of civil authority over military authority .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
NNP NN NN is known that a NN is a NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
since the game is no longer being sold , there is no issue about the image limiting virgin inc .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main tourist attractions are the hot springs in NNP ( NNP NNP and NNP NNP swimming pools ) , el NNP and the villages of NNP del NNP and el NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
rfa pages are not the place for that discussion .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the above blogs appear high quality compared with those i am familiar with in portugal and spain .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
as this user is a confirmed NN of socks .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the case of the term frequency NN ( t , d ) , the JJS choice is to use the raw frequency of a term in a document , i .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the museum employs 25 people ( 2006 ) .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
the defeat gives the enemies of NNP an excuse to strip him of his command .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
a list of scholarly publications including more two hundred pieces of the author is to be found at the NN of google scholar .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the museum building itself is an architectural NN .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
bias held by nominator , the topic is worthy of note for our encyclopedia .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the secondary section consists of grades 9 through 13 .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
these JJ manuscripts are fully JJ and VBN by NNP , and remain available until the JJ NN are published online .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the use of a row of six NNS on the altar , or on a NN or NN behind it , is pure NNP , and a NN of the NNP NNP , as of all other authority in the church of england .	1	21	VBZ	is	are
since the character is highly controversial , many NNP NNPS have VBN the character as a cheap shot against them .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this play tells a true story of his family during the NN during the NNP regime .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the name of the incident itself is not yet well know .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the cast predominantly includes popular NNP from the NNP anime .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
king 's alumni in the sciences include nobel NNS max NNP and sir frederick NNP hopkins ; NN sir francis NNP ; NN thomas NNP ; pioneer of in NN NN patrick NNP ; NN david NNP ; and the noted theoretical physicist peter NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
it remains to show that if not all the terms are equal , then the JJ mean is greater than the JJ mean .	9	10	VBP	are	is
as archaeological records are JJ and JJ from public NN laws , NNP also VBZ research by archaeological NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the cliffs between hastings and NNP level are difficult to get to safely because of the JJ range of the english channel and the unstable cliffs .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the band NNP references the NN in their song `` a new hope '' , with the lyrics `` but when you were available , i was drinking NNP CD with NNP .	1	3	VBZ	references	reference
therefore , personal opinions are not appropriate material .	3	4	VBP	are	is
while NNP bacteria are typically small NNS , they are VBN as JJ bacteria because of the wide range of shapes they occasionally assume .	2	3	VBP	are	is
not all villages celebrate the NN on the same day , but it usually falls between easter and the eve of st .	2	3	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
it contains graves of both the NN and those who died in poverty ; therefore , the grave NNS run the NN from elaborate victorian monuments to simple , JJ NNS .	18	19	VBP	run	runs
the drugs most commonly shown in films are NN , NN , NNP , NN ( see NNP film ) and NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is
team members located at the cell window CD or the terrace throw down small blocks , which the NN uses in order to move up the pole to reach the top .	18	19	VBZ	uses	use
the most JJ city entirely within the district is NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the code defines a standard NN for cruise labels of research vessels and VBZ to avoid confusion in JJ data management .	1	2	VBZ	defines	define
structures JJ to the third NN are present in mammals , including some NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the town is a medieval foundation and became a population centre in the early 13th century .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the local NNP dialect is NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the belief that human souls choose good or evil totally independently of god 's will , which is most often found among JJ christians , means that god does not ultimately determine the will of each soul .	4	5	VBP	choose	chooses
in the 21st century , the aircraft carrier is the last remaining capital ship , with capability defined in NNS available and aircraft per deck , rather than in guns and NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
its first floor has standing NNS of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NN bears a single flower head or a cluster of a few heads and may be nearly JJ to quite RB .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
the NNP NNP official JJ range under the NNP un NNP NNP standard for JJ NNS is .	5	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP filter does anything for digital .	1	2	VBZ	does	do
today , the company has nearly 100 employees and is marketing its products throughout the world .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the defending pan american games champion is adam reynolds , andrew NNP , john NNP , paul NNP of canada .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
since australia has the most JJ snakes of any continent in the world , i think a snake picture is appropriate in that section .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
both pieces open with early one morning .	1	2	VBP	open	opens
the head of department h whose origin is unknown .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , markets , bus stands , railway station and arms markets are notable places of the western part .	2	12	VBP	are	is
storm is perhaps best known for her role as katherine barrett on the soap opera NNS from 2000 to 2003 .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NN to detail everywhere when fringe theory is the subject , and NN of important wiki constructive work on the historical environments of these ideas , and the people about them .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if i remove images which clearly fail NNP , RB ( not just missing a rationale ) i get reverted with rude remarks , people go into edit wars with me .	24	25	VBP	go	goes
the process involves an electron ( hole ) incident on the interface from the normal state material at NNS less than the VBG energy gap .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
possibly the final display including a statement of the move contributed to the NN , but , even so , something should be VBN , so that the length of the entry field corresponds to what the final display will support .	28	33	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
a NN station has no transmission line and connects two ac NNS at different frequencies or phase counts .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's wife ( rita NNP ) tells the truth to NNP .	2	7	VBZ	tells	tell
the photo is entirely my own work and is going into the public domain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
chapter 7 of the title 11 of the united states code ( bankruptcy code ) VBZ the process of NN under the bankruptcy laws of the united states .	0	15	VBZ	governs	govern
the drums VBP everything along RB as the vocals switch up from NN to VBG NN and JJ heavy NNS are thrown in when necessary ; the production is also not overly JJ , allowing the band 's relative NN to VB through .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
a NNP NN is common among athletes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the NN of drinking and good times , the hunt itself takes a secondary or even tertiary position .	10	12	VBZ	takes	take
they look like any other NNS , and their effect is to obscure the talk page history .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the rest of the mountain is dry and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another common option is to grow herb NNS , especially JJ NN , NN , and NN , in one 's own back garden .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
random reports of what somebody claims they heard at a conference are in no way reliable .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the NN amino acids or NNP ( NN , NN , and NN ) are critical to this process , in addition to VB and other amino acids .	3	14	VBP	are	is
the words used are from the translation by NNP NNP , who was also responsible for the lyrics in the JJ musical canterbury tales , the original score of which included the NNP 's priest 's tale among its five episodes .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the arrangement is nice , with similar ones next to each other .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in spite of this , he has shown NNS for future NN , VBG to house , `` some people pop NNS .	19	20	VBP	pop	pops
robin NNP argues that the term indicates an NN between men and women , as an `` eligible bachelor '' chooses to be a bachelor , whereas an `` eligible NN '' does not have a choice .	5	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the only issue is that it is quite a low resolution .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as per provisional reports of census india , population of NNP in 2011 is CD , CD ; of which male and female are CD , CD and CD , CD respectively .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
the name is in honor of harold NNP , NN who came to NNP in 1881 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the surrounding townships and villages of NNP ( NN ) are NNP and speak NNP dialect of NNP mixed with NNP .	2	10	VBP	are	is
such historical studies are , however , unable to VB JJ assistance ; they are merely NNS between infant NN and the existence of a NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
author of the article appears to be the same author of the idea it discusses .	0	4	VBZ	appears	appear
taking place RB with JJ delta , NNP sees the player as a member of the JJ private security organization tasked with hunting down autonomous vehicles driven NNS by the NNP , dubbed `` mad cars .	1	8	VBZ	sees	see
the exception is the `` main article '' of the entire category , if there is one .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
note that the zero object is the trivial group .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in signal processing , JJ NN occurs when a NN wave signal is sent through a NN JJ system , that is , a system whose output at time t only depends on the input at time t and does not depend on the input at any previous times .	26	31	VBZ	depends	depend
the plot VBZ around three NNS competing to find a fortune in buried confederate gold IN the violent chaos of NNS , NNS , american civil war battles and prison camps .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
weak keep with any other show ( possible exception of the simpsons ) this would be JJ , but this particular show is so notable ( even as it affects the creation of NN ) , this JJ analysis is important .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
when all the tissue has been removed , the surgeon VBZ the skin .	9	10	VBZ	closes	close
as well , some of the indian highway articles ca n't use one of these templates because they do n't support VBN routes , but infobox road does .	26	27	VBZ	does	do
public speakers as a category is redundant ( you have two more specific public speaking categories already ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
mind who has been VBG NNP 's search NN that the creature allows NNP to create a feeling of peace and VB throughout the entire universe , at the cost of never allowing him to cause any harm to another being at the same time .	11	12	VBZ	allows	allow
another program strength comes from NN to transfer credits from prior accredited learning .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
rfc for that , which also allows for discussion , which this category does not .	12	13	VBZ	does	do
the bridge crosses over the NNP strait and NNP island .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
several modern JJ variations exist for all dialects of NNP .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
the nearest city is NNP , about 20 kilometers to the east .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the cost of a NN or tower is roughly proportional to the square of its height .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
however , nowadays company 's service offering is wider and ranges from conventional to digital solutions in marketing and communications design .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in general , most internet infrastructure is open source , and much more JJ than the corresponding closed source programs .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the bottom product oil from the main NN contains JJ NN particles which were not completely removed by the NNS in the top of the reactor .	3	8	VBZ	contains	contain
see airport crash VBD chemical tank NNS range from CD to 3000 pounds .	6	7	VBP	range	ranges
the current director of the press is ron NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
other notable football clubs include NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
other artists working on the series include NNP NNP , franco NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
although this house was demolished in 1966 , the streets around where it lay include NNP avenue and NNP street named after the NNP NNS of bell 's youth .	9	14	VBP	include	includes
the ride begins at NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the next larger city is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
q battery 's guns were VBN for four hours in that exposed position , subjected all the time to continuous rifle fire at 1 , 000 yards range - it must be remembered that at the time the guns had no shields !	26	27	VBP	range	ranges
the other members are francisco NNP , NNP NNP , t .	2	3	VBP	are	is
yet another explanation for the surname is that it is derived from the french words VBP , meaning NN ( the fruit ) , and NNS , NN plants .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the player 's bike has two options , an NN and a NN function , the latter increases the player 's engine temperature and NN will cause the player 's bike to VB .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NNS segments are NNS of the computer 's physical memory of up to CD pages , each page being CD JJ words in size , resulting in a maximum segment size of CD ( with JJ NNS , as used in NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the body also uses NN better when NN products are prepared with fat such as oil .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
this is a JJ disc , and the bear NNP ' ensemble sound is smooth , NN , and in tune .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the game continues until eventually , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP are the only NNS left .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the government of the united kingdom , therefore , VBZ as JJ point 2 of the spanish declaration .	1	9	VBZ	rejects	reject
the competition makes use of the NNP NNP NNS kit .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
yes , this system looks very complex , hard to use and implement .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
the most conservative viewpoint is that the geographical area of the incident should be limited to the few NNS of the city known as the safety zone , where the civilians gathered after the japanese NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one possible approach in VBG capital controls lies in the argument that conditions in the global economy are sometimes JJ .	12	17	VBP	are	is
the two NN players only perform one NNP melody for the entire piece .	3	5	VBP	perform	performs
source encourages JJ , realistic gameplay with each class designed for a specific combat role .	0	1	VBZ	encourages	encourage
at the books close , the author notes that NNP and NNP live happy lives in NNP , both eventually VBG ( though not to each other ) .	6	7	VBZ	notes	note
however , a JJ subsidiary , midland bank ( branch NNP ) limited , continues to be registered at companies house .	4	14	VBZ	continues	continue
as of 2011 , the oil sands reserves stand at around CD billion NNS .	7	8	VBP	stand	stands
katherine NNP 's elderly aunt JJ arrives from the nursing home on her NN .	4	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive
delete this article is spam VBN as a non-notable NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only current human NN in space is the international space station , though china 's NNP is RB occupied .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the junior squad is up to 80 athletes strong and closely linked to a number of local schools .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he applied NNS ( body counts ) to determine how close to success his plan was .	4	5	VBZ	counts	count
the placement of an employee on JJ status is usually at the NN of their manager .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the original manuscript or manuscripts are lost , and the names of its NNS are unknown .	10	14	VBP	are	is
the bot model can go wrong when different editors have RB different internal knowledge .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the interior includes JJ seats as standard , with JJR versions with high side NNS optional .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the virus is a short , JJ NN with a JJ dna NN of 39 , CD base pairs and 49 open reading frames .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the car VBZ an object , its top portion VBZ open , revealing its robot mode .	9	10	VBZ	pops	pop
farm to market road CD ( fm CD ) is a state highway in the u .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
the main contributors are artists , scholars , critics , art historians , and other writers in the arts .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in the table , the risk of valve failure seems to be greater in the JJ position as reported by some authors .	5	9	VBZ	seems	seem
these small mammals include NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , rats , NNS , mice , dogs , and VBZ ; only two of the NN found at NNP are absent from the present NNP area .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the main provisions are as follows .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the entrance features a JJ front NN supported by NN paired NNP order columns .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
not sure what the policy is .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the community is the campus , the citizens are the students .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the journey from chester to NNP in total is almost 14 miles in length , although the distance along the curve is only just over a mile and a half .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
for example , linux variants run on everything from NNS , to NNP , to NNP , to NNS , to xbox , to NNS .	4	5	VBP	run	runs
the programme features extremely JJ news items .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the school is part of the JJ regional school district and it is one of NNP county 's largest schools .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the amendment to the NNP company law addresses one aspect of the overall costs of doing business as represented by the costs of starting a business .	1	7	VBZ	addresses	address
other common names include pink NN , JJ NN , JJ NN , great northern NN , and northern NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
passenger airports in the region include bristol , exeter , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
one leaf often contains several mines .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
she named her husband as the killer , but he disappeared shortly after the murder , and his fate remains a mystery .	18	19	VBZ	remains	remain
ok , then the answer is certainly not since if wealth were VBN to that degree , americans would be very unhappy indeed .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP bridge railway station is in the london borough of NNP , in west london , and is in NNP zone 3 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this is also the only scenario where the source of the game 's name , dark NNP , becomes apparent .	8	18	VBZ	becomes	become
according to the 2003 census , the town has a population of CD people .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
with the NN being raised in pursuit behind her , the JJ queen employs her woodland skills to lose herself quickly in the NNS of the forest .	12	13	VBZ	employs	employ
in these cases wikipedia editors are just in error .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the NN levels usually fall as the disease is controlled , but they may rise again as an early sign of NNS .	2	4	VBP	fall	falls
i have absolutely no intention of setting myself above a recognised national expert , so you must do with the page as you , the very far removed experts , see fit .	28	30	VBP	see	sees
examples include `` JJ '' girls and `` artistic '' boys , all with the stress deliberately on the otherwise completely innocent NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
most editors in the present thread seem to consider the disruption caused by both users to be about equally JJ , and most do not address the duration of the ban , so i suggest we close this section as VBG an indefinite topic ban ( i .	1	6	VBP	seem	seems
powers include flight , NN , and mouth NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
neutral VBG oppose ( from support ) the blp question is a problem .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the project is a testament to independent NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the music style features a raw set of twin NNP NNP with a picking style ( as opposed to VBG ) , a big drum beat , and NN , with an occasional `` in your face '' JJ steel guitar .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
classroom management is a term used by teachers to describe the process of ensuring that classroom lessons run RB despite disruptive behavior by students .	16	17	VBP	run	runs
other countries have their own biography stubs .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the company owns several restaurants and fine dining locations in addition to its entertainment venue holdings .	1	2	VBZ	owns	own
there is no JJ error here , and the decision seems well within the NN of the admin .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
the arena is part of a larger NN project of the central business district of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
overall , the article has a lot of very short paragraphs .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the book explains differences in basic scientific approach to coaching athletes of different age groups from selection in early age to the world class athlete level .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
a campaign of racism and JJ NN , initiated by local government , is a common practice in a number of areas in israel .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
her new owners , the NNP family , put her on the route from seattle to NNP bay , ( or liberty bay as local residents prefer .	25	26	VBP	prefer	prefers
the museum 's outdoor display includes a real steam train and NNS on the track bed of the former NNP railway .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
the band page is obviously his pet article and he insists on requiring everyone who enters status NNP to go to the ( band ) page when in fact the band is named after the latin phrase , not the other way around .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
further VBG the issue , these groups speak approximately five dialects ( NNP coast NNP , NNP NNP , central NNP , north NNP , NNP ) .	6	7	VBP	speak	speaks
numbers are very important to NNS , and the hebrew letters of the alphabet also have a numerical value for the NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
RB NN modern uses also use alternative NN which helps to clarify which particular type of circuit is being discussed .	3	5	VBP	use	uses
women place the NNS on their heads and take it to goddess temple , led by NNS and dancing men .	0	1	VBP	place	places
the exact title of the JJ rulers depends on the source .	2	7	VBZ	depends	depend
NNP NNP is a JJ NN with no NNS , and his employer , NNP studios , is about to go out of business , particularly as the owner , l m NNP has RB VBN the corporation .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
cartoon in which an raf bomber is able to shoot down german fighters once the pilot and NN NN put on their NNS .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the article is just not comprehensive enough .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most practitioners also admit that successful NN NN is highly dependent on the skill of the provider , with that skill VBG from many years of experience VBG the NNS of many types of patients .	1	3	VBP	admit	admits
while native employees lose from lower wages , employers benefit from lower costs .	8	9	VBP	benefit	benefits
NN uses the NN to quickly reach the fallen star , but is surprised to find that the star is actually a young woman named NNP , whose leg was broken in the fall .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the government plans to handle it by developing core technology , new markets , new infrastructure and attracting voluntary investment from businesses .	1	2	VBZ	plans	plan
i know this wo n't be popular , but this article has numerous persistent issues .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
my life as NNP uses the NN and editing typical of reality television .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
everyone is VBN onto a train headed for NN , but no one believes it .	12	13	VBZ	believes	believe
at days , lady NNP 's sixth reign is the longest in the title 's history .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests , subtropical or tropical NN NN forests , subtropical or tropical NN NN forests , rivers , JJ rivers , and freshwater NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
topics include auction theory and fair division .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
called the outdoor classroom , this extension of the campus features a rock wall , outdoor NN , several school gardens , VBZ courses and nature trails .	9	10	VBZ	features	feature
contrary to good engineering practice , some NNS have two supply cables , inadequate NN and cable storage facilities , and JJ earth NNS .	7	8	VBP	have	has
the country 's provinces are further divided into CD municipalities which are administered by an NN and municipal council .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the ceremony usually takes place on the fourth day from the day of funeral NNS ( NNP NNP , also known as NNP ) , or on the JJ day , NNP .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take
no sources exist for the subject of the article or any of the supposed works listed on the page .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
what is most telling is that NNP has no NN , as stated by the coast pilot , `` NNP is VBN by a narrow , JJ reef , off which the NNS are too great to afford NN for large vessels .	32	33	VBP	are	is
the usual starting point for the NNP is north of snow shoe and south of NNP , on pa CD at the parking area across from swamp branch road .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
although evangelical and JJ alternatives have always existed , most congregations generally hold to a broad church , JJ theology and JJ worship , with some parishes VBG themselves on their progressive NNS .	10	12	VBP	hold	holds
founded in 1967 , the club currently VBZ in victorian state league division 3 south-east following relegation from division 2 at the end of the 2012 season .	5	7	VBZ	participates	participate
in terms of environment , the municipality plays a vital role in the protection of the NNP watershed .	6	7	VBZ	plays	play
emperor julian tried to VB traditional roman religion by mixing it with NNP ' form of NN ; the influential christian NN NNP of NNP lived during this period , and his subsequent writings show heavy JJ influence .	33	34	VBP	show	shows
the name comes from the nearby NNP freeway .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the VBN father comes home from work and his wife and daughter VBP him to quit the VBG job .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
its chief geographical features are NNP mountain reaching an altitude of 2 , 200 feet , NNP NNP , NNP NNP north , NNP river and several NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
outside NN control , there is a JJ booth and two NNS going down to either northern corners of new NNP avenue and NNP street .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
ads are not already on our pages , and saying that they are because external links have them is a JJ .	15	16	VBP	have	has
JJ NNS can be safely used with NNP logic gates because the NNS are JJ .	12	13	VBP	are	is
NN ) if people have rights , you asked if wikipedia editors have rights .	11	12	VBP	have	has
of course , that is why the list is longer than the article itself !	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i think people have VBN the notion that this compilation deserves its own article within the NNP NN because it is little more than a JJ advertising NN ( hence the merge with NNP ) .	9	10	VBZ	deserves	deserve
it starts with a lead paragraph , goes into details about what the whole thing is about , covers some of the history of the device , and adds details like you would generally find in other kinds of NNS .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in this variety of NNP , the french elements were pronounced in ways that have RB canadian french values for the NNS , while the NNP elements have RB JJ values for NNS .	26	27	VBP	have	has
the NNP mountains , which run between the black sea and the NNP sea , are a particularly rich mix of JJ , NN , and mixed forests , and include the JJ rain forests of the JJ JJ forests NN .	2	15	VBP	are	is
partner development can also VB letters of intent ( NNP ) that determine a JJ viable product , ' where JJ NNS by potential partners increase the NN that partners will later agree to binding relationships .	21	25	VBP	increase	increases
several experienced editors here are JJ of this terms notability .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the NN is notorious for the high rise accommodation it offers tourists .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other guests include actor and interior designer bryan NNP ( mad men ) , actress christine NNP , television host kelly NNP , actor michael kenneth williams ( NNP empire , the wire ) , and media critic bill NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's theorem is a property of JJ functions over the real numbers , which are an ordered field .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the standard for a bio is if the individual has had significant coverage PRP , normally for more than one event .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the chief takes a meal consisting of NN or NN .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the show uses a NN , video and graphics driven format not seen on other NNP programs .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
i think the main difference between that and this is ( in fact ) a matter of scope .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
all objects representing resources have an object type property and other NNS about the resource .	1	4	VBP	have	has
your comment is a good argument for protection of the article and NN of the content , as you describe how the proposed addition to the NNP report is really about wikipedia , not the show .	23	28	VBZ	is	are
finally , wikipedia is not a NN of all information nor is it personal NN meaning if the information is important ( but not applicable to this website ) it should be hosted somewhere else and not here .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the main stage in the auditorium is of NNP design with also an orchestra pit which can be RB raised to technically change the VBG design to that of a thrust stage .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
while their NN and ball power are high , their speed is slow .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ man takes chi san into his home .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the word usually appears either alone ( such as on the NNP NN ) or as part of an apparent formula ( such as on the NNP `` NN '' ( dr CD ) from NNP , sweden ) .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
we are all aware that some people favor the death penalty and other dont due to JJ NNS .	6	7	VBP	favor	favors
in addition , on the second sunday of every october , the JJ center hosts the NNP fall festival , a JJ celebration of the horse that features demonstrations by several breeds , educational displays , food , music and children 's activities .	13	14	VBZ	hosts	host
robert NNP 's 1964 ballet the display includes a lengthy football sequence for which NNP recruited NNP to coach the male dancers in australian rules .	4	7	VBZ	includes	include
major JJ problems such as cancer , global warming typically require an JJ or VBN JJ to justify a label of `` crisis '' or `` disaster '' .	2	10	VBP	require	requires
balls that go off the boundary are generally replaced on the yard line ( but if this happens on a NN stroke , the turn ends ) .	24	25	VBZ	ends	end
this chapter also includes an incomplete description of blake 's method of JJ printing .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the book VBZ with advice on how to VB children to lead a life of service .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
these debates are often a little , well .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the discussion of each philosopher serves as a road map for those seeking an NN into the primary works of each , which can be dense with unique terminology .	1	5	VBZ	serves	serve
the size and shape of the chamber depends on species , and the entrance hole is typically only as large as is needed to allow access for the adult birds .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
other locations in the village include the NNP hotel , NNP NNP , NNP cinema , NNP warehouse and a small police station .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
reached via a road from the NNP pier , the track is JJ with volcanic rocks and NNS and involves about 4 miles of climbing to reach it .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a NN named NNP is his mount .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
while most neighborhoods are difficult to define RB , anyone who lives in an urban setting relates to an area that they call their neighborhood .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the grave of the opera NN NNP NNP is not at this cemetery , but at the neighbouring liberal jewish cemetery in pound lane , NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the main entry is via the NN , through double doors .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the judge says NNP must give up frank to an institution until she is married .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the average residential electric rate in NNP county is about 3 NNS per NN hour .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
route CD , after leaving NNP , passes NNP mountain , a 2 , JJ ( CD m ) peak , and eventually the hudson river .	0	7	VBZ	passes	pass
her NN is a heart arrow , and her color is red .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the article is nothing more than an RB JJ review of a website with an NNP rank of two million .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP archives have an entire room dedicated to it .	2	3	VBP	have	has
video game controversy is there to cover the subject collectively , not a NN for every example to be thrown in .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
november 23 5 13 a bomb goes off on a bus that is traveling from NNP , in the russian republic of north NNP , to the neighboring city of NNP ; five people are killed and another 13 are injured .	5	6	VBZ	goes	go
this game features the familiar monsters from the other games in the series , such as snails and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
comment - this image is actually at wikimedia commons , not wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a classical guitar also has a flat top .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
however , the lake has a narrow width as compared to the lake NNP on the upstream which has a JJ shape .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
nearest delhi metro station is r .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the current examination involves a JJ classification of 125 NNS .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
find sources for either pov instead , and do remember that un officials stand above israeli newspapers .	12	13	VBP	stand	stands
particularly NN is a tendency to VB NNS and rules on the spot and VB that the product of his imagination is official wikipedia policy .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
one possibility is to find a NNP with a NN NN for input and an aerial NN for output .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the average taxes in the canton are higher than in most NNS , in 2006 , the tax index in the canton was CD .	2	6	VBP	are	is
list pages are useful for the purposes of VBG such primary articles .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the strength of a bone is JJ proportional to the cross JJ area , but the weight of an animal is proportional to the volume .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
road goes east to griffin bat cave , once a NN for slaves .	0	1	VBZ	goes	go
the land on which the pub currently stands was part of a much larger CD NN ( 2 .	5	7	VBZ	stands	stand
like NNP , the character NNP is a london NN boss , he a homosexual , he is VBN with VBG for his mother and has a secret association with a member of parliament .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
most el lists take the approach of a balanced set , since the combination of `` pro '' and `` NN '' is often more valuable than `` JJ '' .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
these NNS and NNS provide NN that funds are used for the purposes intended and have a particular focus on poverty outcomes and value for money .	1	4	VBP	provide	provides
the town , including the adjoining relocated village of NNP and the industrial area of NNP , is the largest settlement in the province , although the provincial capital , NNP is a similar size .	28	31	VBZ	is	are
a `` NNS computer '' is a variation on the kit concept .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the format features tests of power , speed and NN as well as combat .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the group includes NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
wales the consideration ( in this case , the fee that you paid ) is in the stated currency .	9	14	VBZ	is	are
he teaches constitutional and administrative law , and his areas of expertise are constitutional and administrative law , comparative human rights law , and cultural heritage law .	9	12	VBP	are	is
in a graphic scene , the NN JJ husband VBZ his wife for what is to come .	8	9	VBZ	prepares	prepare
NNP 's plays include the peace treaty , and the NNP in the lotus .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
our mos guidelines give priority to the first author of an article in matters of JJ variation and this is fine because it encourages the creation of content .	2	3	VBP	give	gives
the main focus of the game is tourism , with new features that allow players to build tourist destinations .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as far as i know the group has no history of involving itself with vandalism of wikipedia .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
it is similar to bowling except it is played on an inclined lane with JJ balls and the player aims to get the ball to fall into a hole rather than VB down NNS .	18	19	VBZ	aims	aim
this reaction is important in liver and NN cells , where the NNS VBP various toxic substances that enter the blood .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of those VBN the records are incomplete but some performed well enough to be decorated , while over 100 were the subject later in their service careers of bad reports .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the page in question is about an episode of the television show star trek , the next generation , which , like most NNP episodes , seems to be a complete NN of the NNP zone .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
role playing games come in an JJ array of various types and categories which we will briefly VB into ; the first of which being the traditional table top NNP .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
the school is more than a century older than its NN , and it is unclear whether he attended it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a hurricane comes to lake NNP , and NNP VBZ control of the children after VBG them and leaving NNP to be eaten alive by deadly NNS JJ .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the f line fleet comprises mostly NNP cars bought second had from philadelphia and new jersey which are painted in NNS from cities around the world , as well as JJ peter NNP cars from milan .	3	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the article is not subject to this .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my best contributions on wikipedia are NNP NNP articles , as well as some other works on music .	2	5	VBP	are	is
however , greek chapters remain dominant in campus politics to this day , thanks mainly to their ability to VB votes within the NNP machine .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
a unique feature of this district is that it encompasses all five geographical traditions of tamil literature ; NNP ( mountains ) , FW ( forest ) , FW ( JJ fields ) , JJ ( coastal ) and VB ( desert ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the project , which has attracted criticism of its effectiveness , aims to build a hospital in NNP NNP where women can received JJ surgery .	1	11	VBZ	aims	aim
the end of the world is almost here !	1	5	VBZ	is	are
it 's an interesting article , its contents are not likely to be false , and i do not think that we would be better off without having this article .	7	8	VBP	are	is
despite the church 's simple and traditional exterior , the interior features a cathedral style ceiling of wooden NNS .	10	11	VBZ	features	feature
due to the popularity of rugby league almost all association football clubs in the city have the NN `` a .	11	15	VBP	have	has
since JJ NNS become more aggressive as temperature and pressure increase , these extreme conditions need to be considered when VBG these NNS .	14	15	VBP	need	needs
german folk metal band in NNP has a version of this song called `` der NNP '' .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
the book includes advice for teaching students of mathematics and a NN of JJ terms .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
in NNP , england , a wealthy elderly man says NN to his wife before leaving for work , but suddenly catches fire in an apparent case of JJ human NN .	8	9	VBZ	says	say
the most important crop is rice , while other important products are JJ and VB .	10	11	VBP	are	is
let the discussions continue , but return the image first .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
the section to NNP is double track and the remaining line to NNP NNP is single track .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this is JJR after reading the section below , but people read from the top so JJ needs to be clear .	10	11	VBP	read	reads
the conference NNS noted that JJ as depicted in NN is probably unlikely , but that other potential NNS and NNS exist .	18	21	VBP	exist	exists
this article contains one paragraph of or and a lot of NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
majority owners are the austrian NNS dr .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the term NNP means `` youth '' in arabic , and the organization should not be confused with similarly named groups .	1	3	VBZ	means	mean
her numerous awards include the freedom works award from the u .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
your principle that everyone matters , that every life is precious , is very simple but it is also RB NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the men 's basketball team has three conference titles , and the women 's has one .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
while the plane of the NN is near the other feature 's shared reflection NN plane , it is definitely VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
keep RB enough , this page is precisely the product of JJ JJ arguments that failed to resolve the issue .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
since after brand new day no one knows the secret identity of spider-man anymore , the NN between NNP and parker is VBN as a simple financial question , with NNP 's heart attack coming right after a monetary request from peter .	6	7	VBZ	knows	know
these problems are typically more difficult than the individual round problems , so that it would be difficult for a single contestant to solve all of them alone within the available time .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this bad faith nomination is really the last NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one benefit is success in the treatment of their patients when using dream interpretation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS for higher frequencies are not function NNS in the strict sense since they typically produce pure or VBN JJ signals only .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the year next to the title of the affected films indicates the release year of the either dubbed or VBN version in the named language later than the original version .	1	10	VBZ	indicates	indicate
NN '' this created the JJ appearance that `` the golden man '' is still under united states copyright protection .	11	13	VBZ	is	are
when she received comments that these three lost canvas gold saints are more interesting than the ones from the original series , she answered that she did not mean to give them any special treatment .	10	11	VBP	are	is
st james 's parish church is behind market hill .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ waste is material VBN after consumer use such as old magazines , old telephone NNS , and residential mixed paper .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
university of minnesota his academic interests include african-american literature , NN theory and NN studies , classical and contemporary social theory , african-american intellectual history , sociology of race and ethnic relations , and black cultural theory .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
this candidate demonstrates a true NN for this project , along with an JJ sense of duty and responsibility .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
NNP wine region ( ) is a hungarian wine region in north-eastern hungary .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
my NN review is that many of these deserve to be in the article , but i 'll try to VB one at a time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this lake is often JJ and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the project clearly needs your input and decision .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
its members include NNP NNP ( vocals ) and NNP NNP ; former member left the group in april 1994 to pursue a writing career .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
li 's previous piano teachers include dorothy NNP ( NNP ) and NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the first usage is more common in the united states , while the second is used elsewhere outside of israel , for example , in reference to the NNP NNP NNP in NNP , colombia , or the associated hebrew schools in toronto .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in turkey , compulsory military service applies to all male turkish citizens between the ages of 18 and 41 .	5	6	VBZ	applies	apply
namely , in the past some accounts like have edited the page NNP NNP ( and the NN .	6	7	VBP	like	likes
your problem sounds much like the previous question .	1	2	VBZ	sounds	sound
the JJ format employs JJ recording ; each RB recorded video track on a JJ NN NN holds JJ of a field of video .	2	3	VBZ	employs	employ
before a user gets to the network there is usually some form of machine NN , this probably NNS and VBZ the system for some basic level of access .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
the expense is also for quality .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP also features regular NNS whose blog posts are not able to be edited .	7	8	VBP	are	is
side one is when the two meet walking on the street , side two is when NNP ann shows up VBN at the lady 's house the next day .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the bridge which carries the NNP road has two wide arches , and was of JJ construction .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
the market covers an area of about .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the tracks are open environment , but races are done with NNS , meaning a racer must go through each NN on the course to complete a lap .	1	2	VBP	are	is
descendants and their families continue to be buried in the back portion of the NN .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues
the grounds today include a JJ lake , a VBN garden , two entrance NNS , three NNS , a former racing yard , and productive NN .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP ( not a boss in game but gives information about the location of mary jane watson ) .	4	8	VBZ	gives	give
the beautiful NNP bay protected by NNP peninsula gives these shallow , NN waters break from ocean waves VBG life to VB , particularly near its south western edge VBD within NNP national reserve .	13	14	VBP	break	breaks
NNP and still RB maintain that your request for deletion is arbitrary and JJ .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tribe is one of the smallest NNP groups .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , the problem with this assertion in terms of the JJ response NN of JJ NN is that a JJ characteristic of NN ( JJ NN size ) is inherent in the NN of percentage JJ NN .	21	29	VBZ	is	are
both articles have a table about NNP .	1	2	VBP	have	has
ministers are usually JJ men who are then further trained by the NNP training committee .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the movie is a NN , which was initially VBN by the band and intended to be screened in a small number of NNS as an independent film .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the base is JJ and NN into a pair of wings .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but behavior occurs in a context , and i VBP arbcom not to ignore that context .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the links to `` minutes '' are the links to the official NNP 25 minutes , which document reports the NNS as passed .	1	6	VBP	are	is
also some devices have no active parts , an example is the great seal given to the us ambassador to moscow which VBP a device ( the thing ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
delete we usually say that an ordinary criminal is not notable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the film is about the life of a homeless man , known only as `` CD ' NNP '' , who was a JJ , JJ NN , which was filmed over many years , covering NNP 's life and death .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and just keeps NN i have few prior account seems to be a bit off to me .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
their website enables customers to complete entity formations such as corporations or limited liability companies , do trademark searches and NNS , copyright NNS , and other services .	1	2	VBZ	enables	enable
the village is northwest of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP language has a range of NNS that in some ways work quite differently from english ones .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
perhaps her most famous painting is madrid crowd , painted from a published news photograph of a madrid crowd in 1931 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the fact that we know the information is JJ does not make it a good source .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a different NN theory says that a person VBZ to VB when under stress .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
other projects include creating a gold trail linking NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP , as well as restoring the NN VBG battery in NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in the ensuing years the club has conducted a JJ lawn maintenance regime with the result that the two NNS are now amongst the finest in the uk .	19	20	VBP	are	is
NNS refer to family NN , where atmosphere , hidden curriculum , and expectations and NNS of all family members determine , to a large extent , the educational development of each student .	13	20	VBP	determine	determines
thus the new JJ front page NN newspapers in the united states use a JJ web NN roll .	7	12	VBP	use	uses
the JJ bus NN to NNP NNP from the former bus station was NNP while the NN from NNP NNP is NNP .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
over 80 million people make up the irish NN today , which includes great britain , australia , canada , argentina , new zealand , mexico , france and germany .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
the river also provides VBG habitat for atlantic salmon .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
a private eye is hot on the tail of a stolen secret formula and a kidnapped young woman .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the album is less classical NN than the previous album , NNP and VBZ more of a NNP feel .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's climate is tropical , modified by south-east trade winds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the level of NN of some of the NNS is quite JJ sometimes .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
females have one NN between april and may .	0	1	VBP	have	has
i have removed it , so now the article has more than one editor in its history .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
if the estimates are accurate , then cuba would have one of the top 20 reserves in the world .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the ambitious goal is that new editors would not feel out of place or NN as they VBP the actual editing environment of wikipedia but instead would be prepared and even JJ to get started .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i do n't think that is the question ; i think the issue is , that we 're struggling to get enough people helping PRP out .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
when a wave enters the chamber , it VBZ back and forth within the chamber with low loss ( see standing wave ) .	2	3	VBZ	enters	enter
the highest elevation is the NNP at .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ cycle is a sequence of reactions in the cells of the liver .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
camera control , located in the sensor operator 's console , operates and VBZ individual cameras for cloud cover , frame overlap and other functions .	1	11	VBZ	operates	operate
the most obvious exception is the high-speed lines in germany , which are built to existing german train line standards .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as i am trying to point out , although i am VBN i feel the more important issue is the offence taken by JJ editors who may well contribute more RB than me .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
agree with above by NNP , in addition many referencing issues still remain , not to mention VBG citation needed issues .	10	12	VBP	remain	remains
the average starting salary for a NNP graduate is among the highest in texas .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
while the NN allows one NNP connection at a time , the server supports 64 .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
this cat contains places down to the size of a handful of buildings , so the more JJ title is better .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
less formally , a group ring is a NN of a given group , by VBG to each element of the group a `` JJ factor '' from a given ring .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the event also incorporates the australian stages of the JJ NNP NNP championship , which has been staged in adelaide since 1985 .	1	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
bbc news interrupted normal programming to broadcast the riots live on television , the following day the prime minister gordon brown condemned the NN as `` a NN '' .	8	9	VBP	live	lives
notable recordings include NNP powell 's version .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the above two groups are as each other , but there are NNS that VBP this out of `` confirmed '' territory .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the moon was eventually set free and the shadow of NNP remains on the moon to this day .	8	11	VBZ	remains	remain
the locality is approximately south of melbourne in the shire of NNP local government area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as remembered by NNP NNP , NNP was not a NN as an actor ; he `` has no distinct NN and plays whatever roles come his way .	24	25	VBP	come	comes
according to 2000 census , population of the district is 9 , CD of which 3 , CD live in the town of NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2004 census ( NNP ) , the municipality has a population of CD inhabitants .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the case of NNP ' NN is more complex .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
his nickname is `` the flying NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the trend toward having ( RB JJ ) articles on the non-notable children of notable politicians is something that needs to change .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , the trend now is for firms to employ a single software tool to solve all their collaboration needs , rather than having to rely on multiple different techniques .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
thus , things have an `` economic value '' simply and only because it takes human NN to make them .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the hospital now has 25 beds thanks to the work of dr .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP virus is a JJ NN VBN between the JJ NN NN , NNP NN , and NN NN hosts ( NNS , tree NNS ) in JJ forest habitats .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the arguments keep going in NNS because he wants to VB his own pov , and not do JJ research .	1	2	VBP	keep	keeps
perhaps [ [ list of NNS ] ] is a good place to start looking for all sorts of NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
soundtrack is a studio album project produced by NNP magic , a rapper and former of the independent record company NNP records .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
professor of NNP actively edits math articles .	0	4	VBZ	edits	edit
a bike bus is a group of people who cycle together on a set route following a set NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
evolutionary NNS include sleeping with only half the brain at any time , and not sleeping during the first month of life ( as in killer NNS ) , but these seem to be rare .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
it may also be the case that the topic is notable in the JJ world , but of little relevance to speakers of other languages , or vice RB .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's job ( or class ) is dragon knight .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the mayor of NNP , johnny NNP , who took office in 2005 after eight years on the city council , operates an automobile body shop and does extensive metal artwork as an NN .	1	21	VBZ	operates	operate
the mobile applications use data connections , including NNP , to manage call NN , extensions , and take business calls from their smart phone , rather than simply route calls to their mobile phone number .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the chapters receive into membership undergraduate and graduate students , faculty members , and a few others in closely related fields .	1	2	VBP	receive	receives
more features that cause floating are air space , lightweight NNS and NN NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
an interview with accompanying audio files , conducted by a JJ reporter with a JJ history in the project ( s ) , surely is .	1	24	VBZ	is	are
though there are a number of JJ algorithms for such applications , the NN method is the most popular as of 2008 .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
treatments are non surgical , comprising applying NNS to the affected body part or VBG them .	0	1	VBP	are	is
on both east and west NNS are a nearly identical VBG JJ pavilion with a central NN with returns .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in NNP bad arabs ( isbn NNP ) , NNP writes that `` television 's image of the arab is JJ [ and ] is becoming a part of american folklore .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
the only way i can tell how big it is is by counting floors .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
general leopold NNP ( NNS de JJ NNP , NNP ; JJ ) was a general of the polish army and the last commander of the JJ underground home army during world war ii .	4	5	VBP	de	des
money is tight , few people work in the field , and thus many fossils that have been described a hundred years ago now VBZ VBN in some NN .	5	6	VBP	work	works
on an episode of the green NNP , a tv screen shows batman and robin climbing a wall on batman .	10	11	VBZ	shows	show
the NN ( comment below ) explains it better , but gets the idea across that i was trying to .	3	6	VBZ	explains	explain
i worked in the city of london for 25 years and know that the linked image is not a real scene .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
september 1995 first edition also includes NN of 1933 buck rogers in the 25th century a .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include
the chapel contains a NN , dedicated to the memory of a NN who fell from the roof and died during its construction .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
further , the JJ theory has several JJ NNS ( such as movement , empty categories , complex underlying structures , and strict binary NN ) that can not possibly be acquired from any amount of linguistic input .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
these laws are unique in the contemporary world because they allow dubious charges to be brought against people who have been subjected to extra judicial NNS , NN and destruction of their property .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the book describes in detail NNP 's depression and VBN immune system , and NNP 's industrial accident and drug addiction .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
NNS all over the world , and their families and friends , have van phillips to thank for being the NN of a JJ development .	8	12	VBP	have	has
it looks at how these interactions influence JJ variables such as employment levels , participation rates , VBP income and gross domestic product .	5	6	VBP	influence	influences
the NN is a popular destination for rock climbing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only surviving portion of the original JJ boundary wall at the main entrance of the NNP gives visitors an insight into the JJ village 's precious NN , which makes an interesting contrast with the newly constructed NN .	3	17	VBZ	gives	give
although the girls address him as `` professor '' , when discussing the prof with others , they refer to him as `` our dad '' ( and NNP called him `` dad '' when he had given her NNP as her birthday present ) .	2	3	VBP	address	addresses
emergency food distribution includes direct provision of food , JJ feeding for vulnerable groups , and JJ feeding during NNS , NNS and situations in which people are displaced ( see NNP and NNP 1999 for guidelines on the size and type of JJ and JJ food NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the tracks feature a specially commissioned electric NN that has become a NN of many of NNP 's compositions .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
this expansion bus allows the use of devices which comply with the NNP standard , such as , graphic cards , audio cards , network cards and later even NNP NNS .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
NNS use astronomical NNS for the positions of JJ bodies along the JJ and attempt to VB JJ events ( JJ aspects , sign positions ) with JJ events and human affairs .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the three extant CC shark species are all in the genus NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
a third approach is to maintain a steady , busy NN , like a new orleans pianist .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the new array still covers flint with a JJ signal during daytime hours .	2	4	VBZ	covers	cover
recurring `` NNS '' these characters are actually a group of people with identical appearances ( although NNP demonstrates the ability to tell the women apart ) .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this composition is in the last hundred years accepted by the people , and today few people know that its composer NNP NNP and that is anthem of NNP `` NNP '' .	16	17	VBP	know	knows
VBG that this is a ms NN NN i 've tried with ie and NNP on windows 7 , and NNP and NNP on a linux machine , but the results remain the same .	30	31	VBP	remain	remains
like its predecessor , the game features three distinct genres ; a JJ shooter , a light gun game , and an action driving game .	5	6	VBZ	features	feature
NNP visits a JJ officer for information about the clinic , but the man gets violent when NNP does n't know the code .	13	14	VBZ	gets	get
his girlfriend 's father VBZ strings to get him enlisted , arguably in the hope that he will not return and marry his daughter .	3	4	VBZ	pulls	pull
his current interests are in NN , social theory , and the sociology of power .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP beach 's aerospace engineering degree program is the largest in the nation .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the first king who is considered historical and to have ruled over both peoples , is early 11th century NNP NNP .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the result is that we have a mixture of articles , some are related to smooth jazz , and some are not ( as ally d has also pointed out ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rest of the story traces NNP 's intentions of trying to convince the girl of their previous life characters .	1	5	VBZ	traces	trace
medical guidelines vary on when a child is old enough to stay dry .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the objective of the project is to develop a NN , integrated and JJ employment development strategy for the south-east region .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP article is an opinion piece .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
throughout , my work as poet and NN remains a crucial reference point , representing a kind of standard in form and content that i VBP my other writing ( and translation ) VBZ to .	3	8	VBZ	remains	remain
NNS include a JJ castle and the c .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
NN can be a favorable type of VBG for projects in which the NN is the most critical aspect and when not all requirements are completely specified up front .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
these templates seem to serve no purpose .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the lovers are eventually married and live RB ever after .	1	2	VBP	are	is
original founder is , chairman is vincent NNP and spokesman is NNP NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
you method has way less NN than the NN method , and due to VBG the white NN count could be as low as 0 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
toyota 's canadian operations include automotive assembly plants in cambridge and NNP , on .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the tone of the proposed copy is also clearly promotional , rather than encyclopedic .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
one example of the consequences of the exposure of developing animals , including humans , to RB active agents is the case of the drug NN ( des ) , a JJ NN and not an environmental NN .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
through NNP , the council wishes to introduce korean culture and spiritual value and develop cultural contents and tourist products .	4	5	VBZ	wishes	wish
although JJ birds that are usually hidden within vegetation , their loud calls are familiar and give away their presence .	2	13	VBP	are	is
author appears to have conflict of interest .	0	1	VBZ	appears	appear
some species grow in large numbers as tiny NNS in the soil of gardens and cultivated fields .	1	2	VBP	grow	grows
the subject 's statements about himself in interviews are likewise not JJ toward notability , although they may be JJ to content if there is any notability to start with .	3	8	VBP	are	is
these devices are used when small sections of track are to be VBN or when a precise location is desired .	6	9	VBP	are	is
keep ( see below for JJ reason and new vote ) , the article explains that john NNP was raised by this uncle ( rather than being a random uncle ) and had a significant impact on NNP life .	13	14	VBZ	explains	explain
the service uses smaller boats than the commuter service but runs at a higher frequency of every 20 minutes and every 10 minutes during peak times .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the fact that the holocaust is still a very important , JJ and current matter today is , in fact , a great credit to the very hard work of a broad coalition of people committed to the NN of this NN - and it was an NN .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
houston is the headquarters of continental airlines , and the airport is continental airlines ' largest hub , with over CD daily NNS ( over 250 operated by continental airlines ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
my four year old nephew has the same capacity to use subjective labels .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
hall 's background is as a steel and mining executive , but after growing JJ of long NNS from portland , maine to new york , he sought a career change .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bullet souls are NNP cruz 's replacement for sub weapons in this game , and enable the player to VB a set amount of magic points to use an ability , often some form of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
also , a page name is never a reason to delete a page .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
nintendo 's president NNP NNP stated that NNP will be VBN through software as well as a human resource team in order to ensure that the content shared by users is JJ and that no NNS are shared .	26	30	VBZ	is	are
in a modern context , steep grades limit NN by car , and more so by bicycle , on foot , or NN , particularly in cold NNS .	6	7	VBP	limit	limits
this framework presents a JJ and JJ architecture with well defined NNS documented using classical design patterns .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
the court begins with the participants arranged in a circle in the venue .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
unfortunately the sources are in chinese language .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the book then VBZ the first in a series of related NNS .	1	3	VBZ	examines	examine
the lake receives most of its water from the NNP river which flows from lake NNP at the north end of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
the location of that city ( or maybe a district ) is JJ .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP airport has two sealed NNS , .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his love songs constitute the majority of the songs .	2	3	VBP	constitute	constitutes
both types have a fairly modest annual limit .	1	2	VBP	have	has
this article really has more to deal with notability .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP ' care of things '' is heard , replacing `` kick it up a NNP '' , and instead of the background being black , it features a dark blue background with several NNS .	22	27	VBZ	features	feature
this category is for NNS titles , or creators , events and awards related to the JJ field .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles about individuals interred at NNP NNP in tehran , iran .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the b-side , `` NNP no melody '' , is also a NN ballad with prominent electric guitar .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
all pairs of NN NNS are also similar ; but not all pairs of similar NNS are JJ .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the story of the death of NNP has many versions .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
other authors with less status than my own have the right to be on wikipedia but due to the material concerned , i have absolutely no right to be there .	1	8	VBP	have	has
fish clients include about 20 species of NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , and even small NNS such as NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the two NNP brothers walk home to NNP in completion of the NN , the truth in place of NN having changed so much .	3	4	VBP	walk	walks
the language is a joke upon a joke .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i did u of ok because i thought it looked bad for the lab to have things sit there for long .	16	17	VBP	sit	sits
the JJ or classical height of a vector of rational numbers is the maximum absolute value of the vector of NN NNS obtained by VBG through by a lowest common NN .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
for good luck people VBP their face with holy water in the morning , their NNS at NN , and their feet in the evening before they go to bed .	21	27	VBP	go	goes
the bronze JJ sculpture depicts baron friedrich wilhelm von NNP in his revolutionary war uniform .	3	4	VBZ	depicts	depict
the squadron VBZ missile NNS and VBZ capabilities and limitations to determine future firing requirements .	1	2	VBZ	investigates	investigate
but , until this dream finds thousands of NNS who follow you , wikipedia is the wrong venue to publish it .	4	5	VBZ	finds	find
training and preparation for the NN often begins more than a year before the actual NN begins .	0	7	VBZ	begins	begin
the song appears in the film NNP thunder .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the story takes place in a fictional war where a JJ conflict is taking place .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the JJ region of the gamma NN is its NNP , which seems to be essential for assembly and NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the district includes 17 contributing buildings and 3 contributing structures in the NNS village of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the bears now play in the ncaa as a division iii team .	1	3	VBP	play	plays
in 1937 NNP NNP published a series of JJ poster stamps VBG the contributions made by jews to VB over the centuries , and JJ labels of all kinds that are not JJ stamps continue to be produced today to promote particular causes or events .	33	34	VBP	continue	continues
the book also offers specific exercises to develop awareness within the dream and sleep states associated with the NNP tradition of buddhism .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the name VBZ to the river .	1	2	VBZ	sticks	stick
the soldiers of NNP shah come to NNP 's palace and ask NNP NNP about this NN , by showing the NN and NN .	1	5	VBP	come	comes
the source , published in 1922 , is in the public domain .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this category is for JJ video games that are played online .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
through annual conference , NNS , a web site , an NN , VBZ , a quarterly journal , member blogs , NNS , a NN and other services , NNP helps is members share information about NN education .	17	32	VBZ	is	are
NNP and related proceedings since most all the sources refer to NNP and not NNP .	3	9	VBP	refer	refers
the founder and first president of the school is fu NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP clay is the variety found in the lower NNP valley in northern ireland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for older versions of office on the mac , a NN is available .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
i do not know whether an israeli government photo is in the public domain .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
examples cited of such NN include high unemployment during a JJ NN or economic organization of a country that VBZ full use of resources .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the descriptions are JJ and JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP NNP bicycle and JJ path has its northern terminus at NNP creek gateway park , located just north of where the bart tracks cross over san pablo avenue in richmond .	3	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP vehicle uses a NN design to protect the passengers and key vehicle components from mines and VB bombs .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
doyle , and NNP because the rules about uniform are , to her mind , very strict .	6	9	VBP	are	is
after VBG that the next hop is JJ , if the route comes from an internal ( i .	11	12	VBZ	comes	come
forest products include wood , NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ gallery installations , paintings , sculpture , NNS , and furniture from different periods and cultures combine to create a rich , complex and unique narrative .	3	18	VBP	combine	combines
selection - takes a picture of a part of the screen that you select .	0	2	VBZ	takes	take
gregory says who entered it from their own country and `` laid waste as far as the city of NNP , '' identifies the country around cologne as being in their territory .	17	22	VBZ	identifies	identify
like his NN colleague NNP NNP , NNP 's personal opinions are difficult to VB since he VBZ very closely to his script .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the area of the district is 1 , CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his position is defender , who plays for NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the island has no secondary school , so pupils attend the nearby school in NNP , on NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the main profession of the company is to combine psychology and sociology to create solutions in the sectors of human resource management , JJ and market research as well as marketing and public relations .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS tail is JJ , VBG almost anything .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the number and type parameters together generate the infobox title , and the previous and next links .	4	6	VBP	generate	generates
by the definition in the finger plan the metropolitan area has a population of 1 , CD , CD ( 1 october 2011 ) and an area of over 34 municipalities .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the album also features guest performances by bassist pete NNP 's son lee , who later replaced sweet as the band 's drummer .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the core of the material retains its bulk properties , while the outer surface is significantly VBN to reduce wear and NN .	1	5	VBZ	retains	retain
the trade show has hundreds of NNS VBN by representatives of dozens of companies VBG their latest NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
other applications include JJ light sources , image recognition systems and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
well , looks like we disagree on whether it is JJ ; regardless , any NN there may be is resolved by the principle that topic NNS are to be VBN broadly to prevent gaming .	26	27	VBP	are	is
the group decides how individual NNS relate to group product .	1	2	VBZ	decides	decide
i think her public perception is quite relevant .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP has RB proven with little or no direct challenge , more than once even , that the list of links in the NNP template is RB relevant .	18	25	VBZ	is	are
like most of NNP , the culture of the district reflects an JJ fusion , yet NNP experienced less NNP than the central NNP NNP .	6	10	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the violin plays a JJ JJ theme , while the orchestra plays brilliant and fast JJ JJ notes , in a way that the solo violin 's part acts as a background only .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the NNP filter has a RB flat NN ( group delay ) over its NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the stems of the NNS are JJ and covered with NNS , which frequently have insects stuck to them .	1	5	VBP	are	is
through the course of the adventure , players have the opportunity to learn NNP 's NN and discover that NNP is herself the NN of NNP .	7	8	VBP	have	has
fire district 8 serves NNP international airport , the NNP nation , and NNP .	0	3	VBZ	serves	serve
now , if we assume good faith that NNP spent time to consider the images in context , the arguments give ( both the nom and the addition !	19	20	VBP	give	gives
this may have been the start of the JJ tradition of settling matters by force , and the phenomenon that young men seem to feel it a duty ( or `` that it is expected of young men , '' or whatever ) to participate in NNS or NNS .	21	22	VBP	seem	seems
such moments are at the heart of NNP , ohio , although they are few and JJ '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
at one time , a separate stub type for episodes existed ( it 's long since been deleted ) , but some form of split is now a good idea .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
a motorcycle is a different matter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
associations of chinese NNP include the NNP association of singapore , NNP ( NNP NNP indonesia ) and the NNP NNP association , a performing arts group .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
i 'm as guilty of this as the rest of them ; the only difference is that i 've agreed to stop doing it .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNS island , whose protection notice explains concern about socks of NNP .	5	6	VBZ	explains	explain
today i ran du VBN on my home directory to see how much space is in use in which directory .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
brazilian certification initiatives include NNP VBG genetic modification , round table on responsible NNP ( NNP ) accepting genetic modification ( e .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this kind of information is more appropriate for a website such as NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the article is only 43 NNP in size , and considering that much of the content is redundant ( with the exception of JJ comments that i found from reviewers ) , it would not be large as you say .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's primary goal is to produce output comparable to professionally VBN scores instead of output that looks mechanical and JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at this point of reference , flows are generally of the order of .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNP wrestling ; NNP 's dvd set also features rare footage of NNP and NNP VBG him in a highly physical match .	6	8	VBZ	features	feature
RB , the song has NN and dance NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the relative cost to what the average north korean can afford is not an issue here .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
delete this person has only one entry in the imdb , as writer of return to house on NNP hill , which although it has a wikipedia entry could be only just on the threshold of notability .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
each fall , the students work together to fight hunger with NNP 's food fight against hunger .	4	5	VBP	work	works
the algebra plays an important role in the study of smooth representations of locally JJ groups .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the mouse is more than just a character in the film , it 's a major plot point .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when articles grow past this amount of JJ text , they should be broken up to improve NN and ease of editing .	1	2	VBP	grow	grows
the NNP stones are four NNS from the 10th century found at the town of NNP in northern germany .	2	3	VBP	are	is
yet man is born JJ trouble , as the NNS fly RB .	9	10	VBP	fly	flies
each year , the school VBZ the senior and junior one act play festivals .	4	5	VBZ	conducts	conduct
for women , when a man is JJ in a relationship it is the emotional NN that is cause for concern , while for men it is physical sexual NN ( harris 2004 ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
fire with fire '' is the first single taken from american pop band NNP sisters ' third album , night work .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's cafe is now open for business , serving quality JJ dishes and NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the four NNS of the building are all RB decorated with classical NNS and NNS and are JJ to each other .	2	6	VBP	are	is
a recent belief is that the christian term NN really refers to the returning of NNS who will VB on the now VBZ white flesh .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town is home to the university of NNP and other prestigious schools such as paul NNP gymnasium , NNP girls ' high school and NNP high school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i ca n't and i do n't want to revert to correct that anymore but i think that his behavior is not in line with our policies .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
all the rest is blogs and internal sources directly related to michel NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he was interred in NNP cemetery , but a monument to him , his wife and children is in dean cemetery where they are buried .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
his monument is a rich and JJ one , of the gothic order .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the general argument is that people should not use afd to try to fight , to VB claim and counter claim , that a person should read , consider , express , not fight .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
once all ten stages are complete , the player is offered a chance to VB the game at a higher difficulty .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the goal of the research is to VB a set of new NNS that will measure the NN of business entities in unstable market conditions .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the organization includes psychiatric survivors and NNS who reject the JJ model that defines contemporary NN .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
things that get enabled on all 700 odd NNS tend to be less controversial and it would be JJ to seek consensus for all of them ) .	0	9	VBP	tend	tends
so far , i know that the sample paper has errors in the running head and the figures .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
typical NN areas are those areas in europe where a regional language is used in informal , usually oral , JJ , while the state language is used in more formal situations .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the interior has a high NN that is prominent when the sun is overhead , and the crater is surrounded by a distinctive ray system forming long NNS that reach as long as 1 , 500 kilometers .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in the case of an RB filed tax return , the NN has to provide certain specific information - his social security number for example - to `` sign '' the NN .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
at present the diocese is vacant .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
over time , however , as the levels of pleasure from using the drug decrease , the levels of withdrawal symptoms increase , thus providing motivation to keep using the drug despite a lack of pleasure from it .	17	21	VBP	increase	increases
considerable difficulties exist in the NN for h .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the result is that many words that should be JJ according to the NN and JJ stem rules actually are not , such as NN or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the elaborate NN ceiling NNS in the principal rooms are JJ .	4	9	VBP	are	is
your comment is clear to anyone who reads it , professor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people think you run around VBG through NNS looking for things .	0	1	VBP	think	thinks
the length of the shell varies between 3 mm and 10 mm .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary
the JJ case appears in JJ radar and in radio ground waves as employed in the NNP system .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
although NNS are by definition NN , the next bell up from the NN is traditionally a whole tone higher in pitch , leaving a NN out of the instrument .	9	14	VBZ	is	are
response policies are themselves decided by consensus .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in old french , vault meant valley and thus the name refers to the small valleys in which the NN and the NNS are located .	10	11	VBZ	refers	refer
new vista high school has many high expectations , including seeing students live up to their own potential .	11	12	VBP	live	lives
in NN , NN is a term given to the flowers of stone fruit trees ( genus NNP ) and of some other plants with a similar appearance that flower RB for a period of time in spring .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its NN is .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most versions of NNP give a player 30 years with their franchise , sometimes with an opportunity to apply for the hall of fame at the end of the simulation .	1	4	VBP	give	gives
the sweden national baseball team is the national baseball team of sweden .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a variant of the legend VBZ NNP with NNP and the name NNP with NNP ( a NN of the NNP plant ) .	1	5	VBZ	replaces	replace
the standard uniform consists of olive NNS with a black NN down the side , a tan colored JJ shirt is worn , with long NNS in winter and short NNS in summer .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP tower residents are part of the m life VBD living program through NNP NNP international .	2	3	VBP	are	is
my feeling is that they are primarily used in notes , NNS , and NNS ; not research papers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sealed under a black NN , this being is VBN whenever the teacher needs it , allowing for him to access a greater extent of his spiritual power through this JJ NN .	12	13	VBZ	needs	need
equipped with the JJ distance , a great circle becomes the NNP circle .	8	9	VBZ	becomes	become
the principal NN feature is a white band at the NN of the shell , although this is not reliable for accurate identification .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
that it is your site shows a conflict of interest .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
the main town is spanish town on the southwestern part of the island .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
from the big screen to the web , the NNP people of VBG now have a place on the internet following the launch of the 12 NNP website today .	10	14	VBP	have	has
the wings represent flight and airborne capabilities .	1	2	VBP	represent	represents
this one is about a phenomenon of the 1990s , and has references and sources .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ hypothesis is a hypothesis set up to be tested against an alternative .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i admit to reverting and VBG the removal of one user 's JJ comment by a second user in a situation where the JJ comment is evidence that happens to support a view opposite of the position taken by the second user .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
different NNS of chemical elements have slightly different chemical NNS , but for most elements the differences are far too small to use , or even detect .	1	5	VBP	have	has
major bodies of water including santa rosa sound , NNP bay and east bay strongly influence the housing and life style of citizens in the southern part of the county .	1	15	VBP	influence	influences
business development club members organize workshops and aims to establish international business cooperation .	3	4	VBP	organize	organizes
but in simple cars this letter ( NN ) depends on the city .	5	9	VBZ	depends	depend
its species name comes from its resemblance to the `` hundred VBG eyes '' of the monster NNP in greek mythology .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the name is prevalent on the italian peninsula and romania , in greece ( e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
historical sources report that the famous cedar forests were beginning to VB at the time of NNP in the 6th century ad .	1	2	VBP	report	reports
this gas , like its analog NN , is NN and highly toxic .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
list of NN in online personal NN page lacks any sort of source material and VBZ RB of original research .	0	8	VBZ	lacks	lack
the interpretation in terms of JJ momentum indicates the JJ size of the NN .	1	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
it 's not VBG to me as a subject , what 's VBG is that NNP article and any subject mentioning it is a subject of edit wars since the start of wikipedia .	16	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP , ( rs ) CD ( CD ) JJ acid ( chemical formula NNP ) is one of the JJ acid class of JJ JJ drug ( NNP ) with NN and JJ effects .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
a number of web sites seek to link such NNS and NNS , while advertisements in gay and lesbian publications are common .	4	5	VBP	seek	seeks
neighboring villages are NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP , that also belong in the prefecture of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
note that this sense of temperature is the reverse of that of real temperature ; NN is described as `` NN '' even though it corresponds to a JJ black body .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the article has numerous links to the same article ( especially matt NNP , who is present for a lot of the NNS ) and my first suggestion would eliminate this .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the other map is much better NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if NN fails you try mediation , if mediation fails , the only other option is arbcom .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the game features 9 different NNS altogether , and NNS can access all of them by playing the game multiple times , VBG different routes each time .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the editor could file a report to NNP so that a full administrator or a `` NNP '' blocks the vandal .	12	18	VBZ	blocks	block
it is unknown how these releases relate to the original company as there had n't been a NNP power release for four years .	5	6	VBP	relate	relates
power levels vary widely ( from 1 NN in a NNP node to 1 NN in a NN VBN ) .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the VBN game is a mix of guitar hero and dance central .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the upper cave seems to belong to an earlier period .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
if starting from the NNP , french military history encompasses about 1 , 500 years .	8	9	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
the trail of tears is a name given to the forced NN and movement of native american nations from southeastern parts of the united states following the indian removal act of 1830 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
another material for tea NNS is NNP , made from corn NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the forest contains three nationally designated trails , including parts of the NNP trail and the long trail , as well as the robert frost national recreation trail .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
delegates are ( 1 ) elected at conventions , ( 2 ) from NNS submitted by the candidates , ( 3 ) selected by the state chairman or ( 4 ) at committee meetings or ( 5 ) elected directly at the NNS and NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the original issue still applies the same however .	2	4	VBZ	applies	apply
some men find NNP at the NN and take her to the police , where she continues to lie , identifying NNP as the NN .	1	2	VBP	find	finds
NNP diamond allegedly accomplished diamond synthesis by VBG trade secrets from NNP via a korean former NNP employee in 1988 '' this sentence is somewhat JJ .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
there are two principal approaches to NNP in modern JJ ip networks , a JJ system based on an exchange of application requirements with the network , and a JJ system where each NN identifies a desired service level to the network .	33	34	VBZ	identifies	identify
this NN consists of two parts , and the 4 remaining contestants will be paired up in groups of two ( one of them will be VBN while the other one is not ) .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
and all these articles are a clear example of what i am saying .	3	4	VBP	are	is
recommended book of the day - the hosts provide a book for the listeners courtesy of national NNP .	7	8	VBP	provide	provides
fair use in nothing ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the story follows on from ending a of the main game , with frank VBG chuck from the elevator .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
in this way the hill offers NNS to the lord .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
in fact , the episode list for season 2 contains this information plus a summary .	5	9	VBZ	contains	contain
another myth is that an egg fell into the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he tells the police that guy committed the murder , but as he dies , his hand opens to reveal the NN lighter .	16	17	VBZ	opens	open
the weekly shipping section provides news about port issues and details of cargo and cruise ship NNS , which are of interest to the remote island 's readers .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
for NN or NN blades , cleaning and VBG NNS are available .	9	10	VBP	are	is
later the family is torn in half during the NNP boat lift , because the four eldest children are of military age , and are not permitted to leave .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the school is an accredited school of association of christian schools , colleges and universities ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the source of cross brook is near NNP road in eastern franklin park , at .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in other words , you want to make sure that the candidate is ready before you do the nomination .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
according to professor NNP NNP and his book NNPS , the oldest inscription is the work of NNP ( JJ ad ) , thus the relief has also been created during his rule .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
and , this JJ building is one of the few large NNP protestant churches remaining in downtown montreal .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the symbol is a visual NN on pearl NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it seems to me his intention is to VB out criticism by disruptive editing - he has a long history of this and has been blocked several times .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
eventually , just as he was about to return to the states ( after betty 's deal with NNP ) , a person shows up with a gun , ready to kill NNP .	22	23	VBZ	shows	show
a final content policy , related to copyright , also exists but is generally irrelevant to problems of this kind .	3	10	VBZ	exists	exist
JJ aspect in english is actually more complicated than your table indicates .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the main governing body is the world council , composed of the JJS scientists , historians , doctors and teachers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
care has been taken so that both these accounts are not logged in in a same session .	8	9	VBP	are	is
there are many different NNP tests , and many different definitions of NNP , but it is safe to say that most NNS consider mathematical capability to be an JJ part of intelligence NN .	22	23	VBP	consider	considers
the main issue is that native americans went a long distance with a very limited number of people to get to the new world .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
eventually the chain of JJ people reaches a cleaning lady who is involved in a JJ mission against a colony of NNS , one of whom is named don .	2	6	VBZ	reaches	reach
but things begin to go RB .	1	2	VBP	begin	begins
power history is important for NNS and operations that involve decay heat and NN product NNS and to avoid the JJ pit during reactor NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
india 's major NNS to poland include tea , coffee , NNP , NNP , NNP , machinery and instruments , auto parts and surgical items .	3	6	VBP	include	includes
christ has destroyed death by his cross and NNP ; therefore , the union of man and woman in christ is eternal .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
this process VBZ until all NNS are encoded .	1	2	VBZ	repeats	repeat
the village has a community centre and a monthly NNS fair .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this one is RB , as the nomination is no longer on the article , and the afd was on no daily log .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
it may just be my web browser being weird , but the second image in the route description section seems to push the history heading over .	13	19	VBZ	seems	seem
my point is , i doubt that anything we say here is going to change this .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is bright green , frequently with a golden or JJ NN ; some individuals are blue or JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
many recent groups and artists cite the circle NNP as an influence , including NNP ( musician ) , NNP , the offspring and NNP .	2	5	VBP	cite	cites
in the movies , players get the chance to run their own movie studio .	4	5	VBP	get	gets
the form of the bare NN is also commonly taken as the dictionary form or citation form ( NN ) of an english verb .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
however , i this edit is not disruptive .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the ideas is to find someone really quickly , in the way that car service NNP ( company ) finds a nearby car quickly .	17	19	VBZ	finds	find
the fact that high ranked officials have regularly been visiting kazakhstan RB shows that [ the united states government is ] keen to VB this cooperation .	1	12	VBZ	shows	show
this category is for men 's basketball players at the west virginia university institute of technology ( `` west virginia tech '' ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
once the prisoner is freed and sees the shadows for what they are he reaches the second stage on the divided line , the stage of belief , for he comes to believe that the statues in the cave are real .	35	39	VBP	are	is
however , as always , a speedy deletion is not a bar on an article ever existing under that title , and it is in order to VB one that VBZ notability ( and hopefully proves it as well ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
just one point that might be worth mentioning though is that ( NNP ) the fcc NNS call signs .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the engine is able to meet euro 2 emissions limits .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
deep within the NNP wildlife sanctuary lies the spectacular NNP water falls .	10	11	VBZ	falls	fall
the section contains several korean reading passages and questions pertaining to the main idea and structure .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this book is now owned by the JJ library .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yes , this subject is probably too minor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
jewish NNS on the bible say that this NN ceremony served as the NN for the NN that all future candidates of high NN be JJ descendants of NNP the elder son of aaron and not NNP , the younger son .	1	5	VBP	say	says
graphic designer jonathan NNP , who created the cover for the next day , wrote that the song is a `` comparison between berlin when the wall fell and berlin today .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
for the mission , the NNP units are to fire their missiles at the compound through the NN NNS while the NNP provide JJ cover against enemy aircraft .	6	7	VBP	are	is
some folks think it can best be used on NNS and other forms of NN .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
acid `` strength '' is only part of the picture , since some of the specific chemical components ( not just `` what makes it acid '' ) can be separately JJ in other ways .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
please keep in mind , however , that this format is merely an JJ some users would say it is working , while others believe it is failing RB .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the upper body of the NN RB is a JJ colour , VBG to VB white on the NN of the fish , often with blue NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the most important thing they can do is to work to be content , happy , married and to have children .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
low energy use and heat generation is critical in NN design , where thermal load per unit volume has become one of the main limiting factors .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
although the death penalty has not technically been abolished , JJ tunisia has maintained the NN on NNS that was put in place in 1991 .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
this category contains articles related to the village of NNP in NNP county , new york .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
under normal conditions , the dry season is from 3 to 4 months from june to september .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
most national standards permit the use of `` at least a class 2 instrument '' .	2	3	VBP	permit	permits
accusations against me in this regard need to stop immediately .	0	6	VBP	need	needs
as written , article does n't tell me if this guy is a NN , super star or something in between .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
in addition , many NNS use hydraulic systems .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
also notable is when a player finishes a race depending on how much time was left on the clock .	5	6	VBZ	finishes	finish
the agents track NNP down to a hospital and NNP heads inside .	1	2	VBP	track	tracks
many new age people believe in the existence on the physical plane of this allegedly centuries old NN master .	3	4	VBP	believe	believes
JJ manuscript once held in the cotton library , now held in the british library , and contains three NNS , providing important evidence for old english NN , as well as for learning and scholarship in NNP england generally .	1	17	VBZ	contains	contain
the JJ season is bristol city 's CD season in the football league .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
team also trains with the crisis NNS from the NNP police department and s .	0	2	VBZ	trains	train
there can not be the JJS doubt that NNP 's talent is of real significance - that rare thing in the jazz of our time , an original voice in the great tradition .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the lots have neither a gate , NN , nor JJ ; instead , a NN places his fee into a numbered slot in a box near the lot entrance .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the ottoman empire , whose origins lie in the 14th century , continued in existence until shortly after world war i .	5	6	VBP	lie	lie
the most famous NN of the VBG action is jeff thomson , who VBD at extraordinary pace off a short run up .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the name derives from the dutch NNP , i .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
organisms whose life history is subject to NNP are often referred to as NNS or NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this stance is irrelevant to his notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the photo composite is from a reliable national JJ police agency with the intent to make the NN as clear as possible .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
during this season , the north-east winds bring rain to NNP .	6	7	VBP	bring	brings
the use of the term NN is a privilege of successful completion of the course of study .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
having been offered for the first time in 2011 , the NNP 2012 VBG prizes focus on satellite navigation applications for which NNS already exist .	22	24	VBP	exist	exists
this station is in NNP , sheffield .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the shuttle arrives at the launch bay , where the council stand ready to VB them with open arms .	1	2	VBZ	arrives	arrive
campbell 's JJ legend stamp displays the soldier 's portrait as a young man , photographed just prior to his departure for NNP .	4	5	VBZ	displays	display
the site has some media coverage on it here at bottom of page .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these churches have many followers in NNP , which is the party 's politically strongest region .	1	2	VBP	have	has
we need a NN , and the fact this is an admin doing it suggests POS need an easier way to remove NN , but beyond that , it 's all policy issues .	7	9	VBZ	is	are
a JJ JJ ship or submarine , by its very nature , develops a magnetic signature as it travels , due to a JJ interaction with earth 's magnetic field .	3	12	VBZ	develops	develop
white NNS are typical for the continental region , but each has its own decorative NNS , NN , NNS , and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the museum contains permanent exhibitions on history and life in NNP and NNP , including displays from the 1945 NNP estate .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
no one player is able to access all 38 vehicles normally , as many of them are JJ meaning that only members of a certain empire can acquire them via a vehicle terminal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and i do think , in NN like NNP , a hard line is important , because the community is prone to poor judgment regarding its role in these things .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the african bush NNS are a genus , NNP , NNS of the subfamily NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the lady , NNP von NNP , recognizes the ring as one of the NN rings which she and NNP had VBN , and is VBN that her search for her missing lover is ended .	1	7	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
the park includes an art NNP NN and a small restaurant .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the new station building ( in current use ) dates from 1931 and was built by jean NNP for the cf de FW .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date
the houses take their names from charles NNP , frederick NNP , tom roberts and arthur NNP , notable artists of the box hill artists ' camp and NNP school movement .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
combat support boat ( NNP ) the combat support boat is a very fast craft whose main role is to support both NN and amphibious operations .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the station is consistently the number one radio station in sussex county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a municipality is a JJ administrative subdivision , as opposed to a JJ district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for that matter , forth programming language ( which uses the wikipedia standard naming for programming language articles ) already exists too , it just redirects to forth .	6	20	VBZ	exists	exist
the west window of the third presbyterian church is a memorial to mr .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the speed of growth accounts for the NN of the wood ; VBN wood has a lower density than cork .	1	14	VBZ	has	have
local public transport includes buses NNS and NNS ( VBN NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the editorial opinions , the banner NNS , the regional content , the district editions need to be managed .	2	15	VBP	need	needs
an example of this is NNP , who had hoped for a better life after leaving her home in mexico to live in the united states .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
these areas lie in parts of all seven caribbean sea coastal municipalities of the state , with the largest part being in eastern NNP NNP puerto municipality , where the vast majority of JJ NNP NNP reserve lies .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
they were opposed to the NNPS settling the city in the middle of an area where they had already established NN and they also opposed their intentions of having the missionaries VBP aid to the JJ people from all the missions in the territory .	30	31	VBP	distribute	distributes
the words of jesus in the st john passion are NNS VBG toward NN , in the st matthew passion they are additionally highlighted by an accompanying string quartet .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the school is design to provide ontario academic credits and allow young persons in custody to complete their high school or upgrade functional literacy and work related skills .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the problem is that he has n't VBN the text in the examples .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its main towns are JJ and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ characters are able to sense a nearby NNP , as well as an ability to know which NNP has been killed .	2	3	VBP	are	is
under the big trees are JJ trees such as western red cedar , western NN , and grand NN and smaller plants such as NNP , NN maple , and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
its ancient ruins , such as those of memphis , NNP , NNP and the valley of the kings , are a significant focus of archaeological study , and VBZ from these sites are now displayed in major museums around the world .	2	20	VBP	are	is
the township exists on an 1877 map [ 3 ] .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the park is also home to some very JJ NNS , NNS , and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is much JJR to prove then most people think .	8	9	VBP	think	thinks
the title is a double NN , meaning either `` to perform a service for humanity '' or `` to serve a human as food '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
article author completely VBZ the role of the us army corps of engineers , under which combat engineers serve .	17	18	VBP	serve	serves
notability is not determined by whether the article currently contains the required sourcing .	7	9	VBZ	contains	contain
NNS used include lightweight NNS 37 and 49 , VBZ CD which usually accompany the winter NNS , lightweight trailer 51 , converted disabled NN 56 , closed NNS 57 and 58 and JJ .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
its twelve edges are each dedicated to one battle of the liberation wars .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in spite of this criticism by some JJ christians , many practitioners of JJ NNP continue to VB as roman catholic , even to the point of incorporating the lord 's prayer and the NNP mary into their services for the NNP .	11	15	VBP	continue	continues
the lack of structure is what i VBP as the biggest problem within the community .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a major american standards organization is the american national standards institute ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
her most famous book , the hiding place , describes the NN .	3	9	VBZ	describes	describe
the model of the solar system is similar to that of an atom , with planets VBG the sun like electrons VBG the nucleus .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this encyclopedia is the first of its kind in NNP and the gulf region , and includes 10 parts , each part containing JJ pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for example , the transition is generally JJR in materials with a JJ NN ( NNP ) NN than those with a JJ NN ( fcc ) NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the video features footage of the duo VBG on a desert island with a group of friends .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this system , often called `` cold NN '' , incorporates the same technology used for water treatment .	1	10	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
and this situation on kosovo will get worked out , if past history is a guide .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the guideline says multiple independent JJ reviews of books always count toward notability of the author .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the constitution consists of a NN , fourteen chapters followed by three NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
one day , NNP 's aunt breaks out of the room and goes to hit is NNP 's teacher or she run for save .	5	6	VBZ	breaks	break
NN and his egyptian team found around 250 NNS over several seasons ; however , the site has more than this number - according to the NN even more than 10 , 000 .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
if the publisher is defunct , that makes it more difficult to use the image .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this match remains a controversial one , for NNP NNP VBD the NN about players involved in NN .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
elizabeth 's portrait , painted by john NNP , still VBZ on display , along with those of many of her NNP relatives , in the baltimore museum of art .	2	10	VBZ	hangs	hang
actress of NNP is also a former NN of NN in one of the leading high school in south NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the school has about CD students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
even the employment effect of minimum wages is not as clear cut as static models would have .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the latin name of the work means `` illustrations of plants '' .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean
a road from NNP crosses the ridge , which is JJ for most of the distance for a good hill NN .	1	4	VBZ	crosses	cross
the streets at the outer boundaries of NNP heights contain smaller lots .	1	9	VBP	contain	contains
NNS are often deeper than they are wide , they can be up to wide and deep .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the church is part of the NNP fellowship of churches ( NNP ) , which is a group of churches across europe and africa .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this spur has a reduced speed limit of , and provides opportunity to view wildlife at various times of the year .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
before that , new england also lost a playoff game in 1976 to the raiders ; the game is RB known as `` the ben NNP game '' due to a controversial penalty by head referee NNP .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
this page describes the qualification procedure for NNP women 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
a south american drug lord pays pace and his team to steal 48 cars for him , all but one , a 1973 ford NNP NNP 1 , are in the bag , so they set out on the job while the police RB try to track him down .	4	5	VBZ	pays	pay
his rival is NNP , who also wants to defeat NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some advocates of spiral dynamics argue that these are ways of thinking about things , not types of people .	1	5	VBP	argue	argues
as NN NNS , more areas become NNS of NN .	5	6	VBP	become	becomes
the people of NNP NNP are mainly of the NNP JJ group of the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the current bridge has two traffic lanes , one for NN traffic and one for NN traffic .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this temple is the symbol of the NNP prefecture and it attracts tens of thousands of visitors every year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the successor of the dictionary is american national biography .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
that has a certain logical appeal , as months start with day 1 , not day 12 .	8	9	VBP	start	starts
open science data ( linked open science ) means an approach to open and VB scientific assets like data , methods and tools with linked data techniques to enable transparent , JJ and JJ research .	6	8	VBZ	means	mean
although the sec has a stated goal of moving from us NNP to the international financial reporting standards ( NNP ) , the provisions of which differ considerably from NNP - progress has been slow and uncertain .	23	26	VBP	differ	differs
the convention on mutual administrative assistance in tax matters is a convention developed by the NNP and the council of europe which is open to members of both organizations .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
when people become better off , they have less children , because lots of NNS really are a pain !	12	16	VBP	are	is
colour may be related to geography ; in the south , most specimens are black , whereas specimens found in the northern part of their range are brown , JJ , grey , or yellow .	12	13	VBP	are	is
keep - i dont see why removal is necessary unless it is in fact a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
ukraine 's cricket calendar is full of activities with three major tournaments .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the structure of the NN shows that its legs were placed under the body almost RB .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
NNS which are consistently `` hot '' are recorded , and NNS who VBP raw NNP images receive a list of these NNS .	11	17	VBP	receive	receives
this second NN is much larger and better attended .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB , a doll collector , presents to rogers her collection of JJ NNS .	4	6	VBZ	presents	present
the plot involves a group of NNS seeking to free the land of NNP from the curse laid upon it by the evil prince NNP .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
each show also generally includes a moral or life NN , but these were chosen to `` cross a broad spectrum of personal experiences '' , and not just to suit children .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
in 2002 , she was briefly signed to NNP records and in that time she was supposed to release her first single `` tropical '' and her solo debut album `` white '' in the summer of 2002 , but never did .	28	29	VBZ	album	album
the other borders of the NNP are with the NNP and NNP rivers .	2	6	VBP	are	is
fire crown has produced several award-winning films including NNP , where a circus band takes the viewer on a journey to the remote NNP communities in NNP .	13	14	VBZ	takes	take
VBG councils are largely JJ security groups that have been recruited by the u .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the choice timeline hypothesis , history changes the instant the time NN decides to travel back in time , thereby rendering his actions in that regard VBD .	12	13	VBZ	decides	decide
cliff shows up , having been only held prisoner , and he and nina have a wild night of NN NN .	0	1	VBZ	shows	show
turkish ) , but in the context of given names , its meaning is JJ , and can be related to names NNP ( also VBG from `` NN '' ) , NNP , or NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
some early editions include a board to track progress ( as shown in the photo on this page ) , but current editions do not .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
however , i do think that this article provides a good example on how to write the report .	7	8	VBZ	provides	provide
a JJ , JJ wiki biography is important to clarify the facts of dr .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
name NNS in other organisms include NNP ( NNP ) and NNP ( NN ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the site also draws from other NNP properties , and it is the first in its 10 year history of the company to do so .	1	3	VBZ	draws	draw
the offer of a state funeral is at the NN of the chief minister .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the special features of the NN ( large engine , smaller NNS , etc ) mean that , while it may not be the fastest boat under sail , the vessel is easily handled by a small crew .	2	15	VBP	mean	means
at any NN , this article is just a major fair use violation .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this category is to contain articles on libraries in the american state of west virginia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
jennifer VBZ second and NNP is very JJ and kind and creates an atmosphere so the girls forget they have nothing on except color on their body .	16	17	VBP	forget	forgets
NNS argue that it provides compact and JJ descriptions in many areas including classical and quantum mechanics , electromagnetic theory and NN .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
if 10 different reporters , from 10 different papers write about someone doing something , we delete it under NNP ( a policy i support ) .	3	9	VBP	write	writes
the residence also contains various NNS including underground parking , bike storage , a JJ room , a reading room , and a common room .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
otherwise , the point where the VBG body is closest to earth is the NN , called NN ( less properly , `` NN '' or `` NN '' ) when the orbit is around a body other than earth .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
oppose the composition is not good .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
my unofficial position still remains very , extremely , RB , RB , RB , RB , RB , RB weak keep .	2	4	VBZ	remains	remain
jazz flute players often play other instruments as well , such as eric NNP and NNP mann , both of whom frequently played flute and NN .	2	4	VBP	play	plays
the official currency is the american dollar ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the left hand holds one JJ NN , while the right hand brings the other NN together , with the top ( at soft dynamics ) or left ( at loud dynamics ) edge hitting first , followed almost immediately by the other .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
no us aid goes to the muslim brotherhood or affiliate organizations which oppose us policies .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
topic is encyclopedic , if someone wants to write it , but this article is n't worth the trouble of translation .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
earlier recordings of the band are reminiscent of early joy division , while later songs VBD a less JJ approach with more JJ arrangements and NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
therefore , when a person VBZ to VB their ability to have interests it is JJ for society to step in .	4	5	VBZ	intends	intend
today , coffee has become a smaller component of brazil 's NNS and cars , machinery , orange juice , NNS are now some of the port 's main NNS .	20	21	VBP	are	is
in addition to passenger traffic , the line has a very high volume of freight traffic .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
old chronicles describe NNP hill as the camping place of brian NNP and his army prior to the last decisive battle of NNP on 23 april CD .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
songs like `` as '' by NNP wonder along with hard to find classics like `` deputy of love '' by don NNP 's 2nd avenue NNP band kept people on the dance floor .	0	1	VBP	like	likes
this name is the NN title of a paper and a video .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the danger is that the network VBZ the training data and fails to capture the true statistical process generating the data .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB if we can get a photo that has sufficient size and technical quality , and i believe that this photo passes those tests for NNP .	20	21	VBZ	passes	pass
the group g is in general difficult to VB , the understanding of JJ solutions is an indication of upper NNS for g .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
i understand ( i think ) that this cent is the same size as the modern lincoln penny , but i do n't think the article ever makes that clear .	25	27	VBZ	makes	make
if the problem VBZ , contact your administration '' .	2	3	VBZ	persists	persist
the best fit circular orbit has a period of 5 .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
in the uk , a university NNS degrees , while a college is for other kinds of qualifications .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
but the subject of this photo seems to be a flag , rather than the pier itself .	2	6	VBZ	seems	seem
a public house called `` the NNP 's head '' stands in the place where the NNS are thought to have once stood .	2	10	VBZ	stands	stand
NNS of this family contain 6 to 8 segments of linear JJ single VBD rna .	0	4	VBP	contain	contains
however , there have been a few rare cases in which a patient with NNP actually has a NN in the JJ gene for the NNP NN instead .	12	16	VBZ	has	have
applications where the transmitter immediately VBZ the information as soon as it is sent ( such as most television cameras ) can not use NNP ; they must use NNP because when an error occurs , the original data is no longer available .	3	5	VBZ	forgets	forget
facing the altar the narrative sequence begins at the top of the right hand wall with scenes from the life of the virgin , including the NN to her mother , st .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP NN is a treatment VBN by some people with JJ NN , though results are varied .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these properties describe the functions behaviour under certain conditions .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
where search theory studies the JJ decision of an individual NN , matching theory studies the JJ outcome when one or more types of NNS interact .	22	25	VBP	interact	interacts
NNP concentration and VBN emissions ( expensive , needs satellites ) , and so on .	1	8	VBZ	needs	need
a special feature of this class is that the electric NN motor can be VBN from the wheels .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
total number of NNS in NNP is 3 , 16 , 75 , CD which consists 2 , CD , 78 , CD male and 1 , CD , 96 , CD female .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
baron NNP is said to have advised that the best time to buy is when there is `` blood in the streets '' , i .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
some authors consider NNP NN to be a subspecies of NNP NN .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
another thing you can notice if you dig around on their and NNP 's forums , is that they have a high tendency to mob whenever something or somebody has an opinion that goes against them .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
while some would argue that military resources are already paid for and that the relief effort can be regarded as a logistics training exercise , the increased operational costs are an JJ NN .	28	29	VBP	are	is
recently deleted articles are often in the google cache .	2	3	VBP	are	is
all his behaviour that i could not understand for a while is JJ with this .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP will be built in the southern hemisphere , in NNP states with NNS in south africa and australia , where the view of the NNP way galaxy is best and radio interference least .	23	29	VBZ	is	are
the bot did not make the mess , and the bot operator is not responsible for the activities of people that think nominating articles for deletion is VBG .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
such an occurrence is quite common in the NNP area .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the local residents are JJ to yang NNP for killing NNP NNP , who has been VBG them , and they VBP with the NN for NN on yang 's behalf .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the north-eastern side of the mountain has many old volcanic NNS and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
another important celebration is day of the dead , celebrated in all of mexico .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the end result is one of the most JJ and VBG - and RB moving - films i 've seen in a long time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS de JJ JJ sur la FW de la NN .	0	1	VBP	de	des
this NN is hardy in zones 9 and above , VBG full sun and consistently JJ soil .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their lyrics are written JJ , and all but the very youngest harry potter fans seem to understand that .	14	15	VBP	seem	seems
an NNP tag comprises a short JJ code , which can be printed on a marker or VBN on a wall .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the NNP order is the oldest and JJS of the classical orders .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
world is big enough and ugly enough to fight his own battles - in fact NN he is very big !	0	1	VBZ	is	are
however , these two sections have no images at all .	4	5	VBP	have	has
this trees are typical in JJ NNS with a per year NN and short summer NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the station is in reasonable condition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is partially a NN , as i VBD the old list and made the lists look like the population list .	15	16	VBP	look	looks
in a similar list to that for the greeks , the poet describes the NNPS and their allies .	11	12	VBZ	describes	describe
the town has a railway station served by NNP trains .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
comment i suggest that the closing admin takes considerably more note of the NNS who have posted here than the NNS .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
the sound becomes more mature , darker , and industrial and derives .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
many sources , including the phillies themselves , say that the NNS moved to philadelphia .	1	8	VBP	say	says
the article looks ok , though a little short .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
this needs to be posted RB by the time results are out .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the school is one of the top french educational institutions and it specializes in computer science , applied mathematics and telecommunications .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when a NNP JJ rat VBZ its mouth , its NNS are still on the outside .	4	5	VBZ	closes	close
one can find almost any brand and cuisine on this stretch of the road and it is VBN with NNS and NNS but the density of the crowd depends on the time .	24	28	VBZ	depends	depend
thomson NNP group or NNP host ; these sites contain digital copies of articles from various scientific journals , some of which may be found as a hard copy in your library .	8	9	VBP	contain	contains
riding changes are due to NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
but if a famous person merely visits some small town , that may be the most notable thing that ever happened there , and could warrant a mention .	4	6	VBZ	visits	visit
the book VBZ , based on reports of a NN book , metal artifacts , and plates found in indian burial NNS , that the american indian peoples were the ten lost tribes .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
according to NNP , a rational man holds his own life as his highest value , NN as his highest virtue , and his happiness as the final purpose of his life .	6	7	VBZ	holds	hold
demand loans are short term loans that are JJ in that they do not have fixed dates for NN and carry a floating interest rate which varies according to the prime rate .	1	2	VBP	are	is
with its beach and typical NNP architecture , NNP 's economy runs primarily on tourism .	10	11	VBZ	runs	run
while significant attempts have been made recently to identify the exact locations of the individual NNP , the results are JJ .	18	19	VBP	are	is
JJ plants range from NN plants through to VB or VB up to 5 meters in height .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
initial analysis of the aircraft 's remains revealed the NN had sustained the greatest impact force , while the main cabin was mostly destroyed by the ensuing NN .	1	6	VBZ	remains	remain
the municipality of NNP extends over an area of CD .	1	4	VBZ	extends	extend
both groups speak RB JJ language and carry on a JJ trading partnership .	1	2	VBP	speak	speaks
the region is RB famous for the mines that have produced the world 's most famous and JJ NNS , including the hope diamond , idol 's eye , the NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
san salvador has suffered floods , NNS , civil war , an JJ volcano and various other NNS , but its people always stand up to the task and do what it 's needed .	21	23	VBP	stand	stands
one part of the block is to remove some websites from search results on search engines .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
but reaction of NNP with JJ produces NN only .	1	6	VBZ	produces	produce
its central structure corresponds to the charity and the committee in each school is a student society .	2	3	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
the nearby towns are NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
run level CD , a NNP NNP of NNP head is on the statue .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
on the front of the box , it says `` the holly boy '' , and has a picture of a boy made of holly .	12	16	VBZ	has	have
the uniform comprises a white shirt and light grey NNS ( shorts for primary section students ) and black NNS along with the college tie and belt marked with navy blue , dark green and white stripes .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the death seems to be VBG tensions there .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
although his preferred position is at defensive NN , his NN means he can also operate as left NN , his normal position with fc NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ boy named NNP NNP , who is just one and a half NNS tall , lives in a civilization VBN in an oak tree .	2	17	VBZ	lives	live
although the title is generally used in connection with a religious organization , some JJ groups use it either RB or by tradition to reference JJ offices within the group .	15	16	VBP	use	uses
the airport basically consists of a NN with a paved runway .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the figure of the party or coalition ( except NNS ) that has the most seats is highlighted ; those that outright wins a majority of seats in the senate ( 13 ) is VBN .	1	12	VBZ	has	have
the novel is unclear as to whether the spirit of winter is responsible for all the apparently supernatural NNS in the town , or if some other , older evil may have VBN the area since before human NN .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
two JJ bridges exist across the NNP canal , one at each end , in NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
web , where it states `` the content itself has been the subject of multiple JJ published works whose source is independent of the site itself .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
queen , is not her first name , see king NNP , queen NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
his work is in the university of queensland art museum , brisbane , orange regional gallery , orange , the australian war memorial museum , canberra and in many private collections in australia and overseas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but these attempts at forum shopping are JJ JJ , and are rapidly VBG the limits of an assumption of good faith .	2	6	VBP	are	is
also a riot at a cricket ground is a significant event in its own right .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the database allows for JJ ' NNS , which is a term used for NNS that are either incomplete or of bands that do not have enough metal elements to have them featured on the site .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP theorem there is no general , explicit and exact JJ formula for the roots of a NN with degree 5 or more .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the article covers a topic that is vital to understanding alternate history .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
every NN and factor group of a RB generated JJ group is again RB generated NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP days are few and a long time passes between them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the aim is to provide a tool which allows users to follow , and explore the relevance of , references in and between different types of legal content and commentary .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the double NN only involves about half the factors of the ordinary NN , its value is not substantially larger than the square root of the JJ n !	16	17	VBZ	is	are
this category includes articles on scientific research projects , programs , studies and institutions related to the natural environment and human interaction with it .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the face of a runner stone usually has a carved depression , called the `` spanish cross '' , to accommodate the NN .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
when the mysterious NN shows up , the other NNS start VBG one by one .	9	10	VBP	start	starts
a JJ google search reveals nothing NN .	3	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal
song for my daughter is an album by american jazz pianist jack wilson featuring performances recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the blue note label .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
in the case of arbitration under international law , a right of appeal does not in general exist , although one may be provided for by the arbitration agreement , provided a court exists capable of hearing the appeal .	32	33	VBZ	exists	exist
also , each person only gets one vote .	3	5	VBZ	gets	get
the algorithm searches for matches within a certain range of the NN parameters .	1	2	VBZ	searches	search
in mathematics , the law of NNP states that every real number is either positive , negative , or zero .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
opened in 1988 , the system currently has eight lines .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
other notable spaces include NNP gardens and the allen NNP reserve , as well as a number of smaller parks and reserves .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
with NNP NNS , NNP style tends to be something like NNPS NNP with JJ , cut off NNS for the end of stems , and in fact includes NNP NNP NN for extended latin and NNP sets within a NN .	5	6	VBZ	tends	tend
estimates seem to range from over CD [ 3 ] to CD [ 4 ] .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
of course , the article that you linked notes that these JJ programs offer different advice in different countries .	12	13	VBP	offer	offers
the NNP mine has reserves VBG to 125 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
many NN tag websites feature a busy forum and NNS and users are encouraged to download images .	2	3	VBZ	websites	website
turkish primary school graduates take a very competitive VBN exam if they wish to be enrolled in a limited number of elite public high schools .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
NN is a practice in which NNS and young children sleep close to one or both parents , as opposed to in a separate room .	6	10	VBP	sleep	sleeps
a similar problem occurs in NNP 's edition of the second symphony .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
the house possesses some beautiful romantic features like a NN gallery and NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	possesses	possess
heavy chain disease is a form of NN with a NN of cells producing JJ heavy chains .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
having principles to guide your actions are good , but having nothing more substantial with which to follow is bad .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this article deals with the children of miguel i and in turn their senior NNS .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
the greek text of the NN is the byzantine except in the book of acts .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in this stage , one accepts the eternal and may or may not acknowledge the creator , but refuses to accept an aspect of the self that one in reality is , that is to say , the self that one has been created to be .	27	30	VBZ	is	are
these tournaments are exclusively about skill , NN and strategy .	1	2	VBP	are	is
systematic NNS are decision processes whose procedures are accessed RB by the individual ; the same types of information used in JJ NNS are also used in systematic NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
one way christians achieve this is to VB the NNP on the mount or the gospel of mark , the earliest of the JJ NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
there 's still a lot to begin listing -- i would n't even try to take on the mos issues until the content is further along .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the first pages of issue one and the last pages of issue three feature a JJ of the human character NNP studying the history of the NNPS .	2	13	VBP	feature	features
so if a point which is in the centre of the grid , not at an edge or corner , has three incoming lines which are x 'd out , the fourth must also be x 'd out .	3	20	VBZ	has	have
so my name is n't further VBN , i give permission to check that i do n't use sockpuppets .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his later journals contain a detailed study of the flight of birds and several different designs for wings based in structure upon those of NNS which he described as being less heavy because of the JJ nature of the membrane .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
NNP once said that the flower `` is a synthesis of all the flowers and is both a hope that is VBN every day to open .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
although on historical mode some nations join the allies or axis by default while others depend on the course of the war and NN of the major powers .	5	6	VBP	join	joins
the first pronunciation of each piece is the japanese pronunciation , while the second is the JJ pronunciation .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
with his ally NNP he VBZ the VBG journey to NNP and begins VBG with the queen .	2	5	VBZ	undertakes	undertake
because of its hull structure , the vessel is faster and can carry more cargo than the normal chinese NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
her powers with the NNS are NN , communication , earth , and NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the JJ member of this language family , NNP , is the primary language of most of the residents of mongolia and the JJ residents of inner mongolia , china with an estimated 5 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
that is why this book is very much necessary because it will VB as many as will VB themselves and make use of it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the intervention of a NN squad saves the lives of both men .	1	6	VBZ	saves	save
wikipedia NNP that even though people ask to delete the topic , nobody wants to because NN , interesting , JJ or some other reason ( and electrical pollution will probably get a year or two on that last ticket unless it is truly JJ ) .	5	6	VBP	ask	asks
this new special weapon leaves small VBN , round and JJ holes in NNS , depending on how it was formed .	3	4	VBZ	leaves	leave
railways have to compete with other modes of transportation and those are VBN , so the railways have to be VBN too to keep the prices down .	16	17	VBP	have	has
the math is easy , trivial , and can be done by anyone with a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ standard scores of NNP level 1 , level CD cognitive evaluation ( ce ) , and level 3 have a range of JJ and a mean of 500 .	3	20	VBP	have	has
these changes are the basis of altitude training which forms an integral part of the training of athletes in a number of JJ sports including track and field , distance running , NN , cycling and swimming .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a distinctive feature of each retail store is the fine wine room containing over 300 different NNS ranging from the top NNP from NNP to emerging new world classics from around the world .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
to this day , the company that bears the family name continues to play a major role in the economic life of NNP .	5	11	VBZ	continues	continue
the operator course teaches aircraft recognition and performance , air navigation aids , weather , airport traffic control , flight assistance service , communication procedures , conventional approach control , radar procedures and air traffic rules .	2	3	VBZ	teaches	teach
the seating capacity of the arena is 5 , 300 people for basketball games .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ story mansion has JJ rooms , six NNS , seven NNS and eleven NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
this category is for players who played for the NNP NNP monsters of the west coast hockey league .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to wikipedia policy the article is reliable and its findings are independent of your ( unreliable , JJ ) analysis .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
stakes races also run that year were the `` breakfast stakes '' and the `` NNP stakes , '' both were won by NNP .	1	3	VBP	run	runs
NNS think the JJ represents the tail end of the NNP as the warming climate brought about changes in human behaviour in the area .	0	1	VBP	think	thinks
pov account of the NNP battle , NNP is simultaneously reluctant to do the work or permit others to do the work to make the article a truly npov account .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
functions such as innovation , new product development , packaging , retail impact , competitive analysis , design measurement , NN and customer NN issues are in the NN of the design manager .	0	25	VBP	are	is
if a receiver loses NN , it can either send a NN command , or simply hold its transmitter low , causing a NN failure in the other link .	2	3	VBZ	loses	lose
NNP NNP 's exchange NN is for love ( NNP NNP wrote the exchange NNS ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the album is also currently available as a digital download from itunes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
once at NNP , the highway goes northwest towards NNP , tennessee , passing through the community of NNP , before reaching the state line at allen gap ( , highest point on route ) .	5	6	VBZ	goes	go
other supporters of the bill include senator NNP NNP clinton ( NNP ) and senator ted kennedy ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
google search turns up no major reliable third-party coverage .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
the subject of the film is himself a quite notable figure .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the annual event serves to showcase the most talented players in the armed forces .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
the end result is the emergence of the circuit NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
no one VBZ in every area of the project , and since adminship is ( as NNP correctly notes just above ) VBN as a whole , RB your position would imply that no one is qualified to be an administrator .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
these successes , amongst many others , coupled with a growing number of university level NN marks king 's as one of the most successful sporting colleges in the university .	1	3	VBP	amongst	amongst
perhaps the most famous european NN bell tower , however , is the so-called `` VBG tower of NNP '' , which is the NN of the NNP di NNP in NNP , italy .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the game tells the story of a skilled and JJ teenage NN named NNP , whose father has been killed by the evil NNP , VBG the villain 's castle of evil in an attempt to rescue a princess he loves .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
if the bid is rejected , the NNP team retains rights to the player .	8	9	VBZ	retains	retain
i think the following quote is problematic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
one street seems to lead south RB , by actually VBG the party back to its beginning upon reaching the portion where the city walls would be .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
these programs have the common objective of graduating scholars who are JJ and JJ to advances in science and technology and capable of developing religious education and conducting NNS in religious sciences .	1	2	VBP	have	has
all gross NNS functions have been used RB for centuries , despite the fact that every JJ old boy thinks he invented such stuff .	18	19	VBZ	thinks	think
a few mentions of the sound in the early modern era ( late 18th and early 19th centuries ) seem to be VBN , either by the writers or perhaps by locals VBG the phenomenon .	2	19	VBP	seem	seems
this user is a NN and chronic JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the marginal note , known from its opening ( latin ) word as the NNP NN , dates from the ninth century , or even earlier , and is a record of a legal case over land .	2	17	VBZ	dates	date
i see that toy dog is a girl .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the class has a top speeds of 23 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when the company that provides the service goes out of business or decides to stop providing the service , the NN will no longer be able to access the NN .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
he is missing his left eye , but his hair usually covers the empty NN .	9	11	VBZ	covers	cover
if a user wants to VB , let them open up microsoft word and type JJ NN there .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
some words , like ( PRP ' ) , have stress in free variation .	1	9	VBP	have	has
the books of constantine are either by him or translated from arabic .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the song , which primarily VBZ to the pirates of the caribbean film series , also contains references to jerry NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP .	1	16	VBZ	contains	contain
the date of sin NNP , la NNP NNP 's next cd , is march 17 , 2009 for the us .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the first element is NN which means `` even '' or `` flat '' and the last element is JJ which means `` field '' or `` NN '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many people decide not to have children ( NN ) .	1	2	VBP	decide	decides
the protein VBZ with several other components of basement NNS .	1	2	VBZ	interacts	interact
although the JJ elements are much VBN down for the tv series , the relationship between NNS bo and luke duke is much the same as NNS bobby lee and NNP in NNP .	14	21	VBZ	is	are
his NNS in the NNS include a .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the pages vary in their degree of NN but many are RB covered with both decorated text and marginal pictures of saints and bible stories , of rural life , farming , cooking , NN , VBZ NN , musicians playing , etc .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the new album , which was released in october , promises to be another JJ document from a band whose only constant seems to be their capacity for invention , their desire to keep moving forward .	2	10	VBZ	promises	promise
because the group appears to be getting backing from organized crime , NNP looks there , soon receiving JJ help from a crime boss called angel , who VBZ him for the position of special prosecutor .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the NN point of an element ( or its compounds ) is able to control the percentage of that element a power reactor accident releases .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
each party also VBZ a NN , who works to ensure that the party 's members vote as the party leadership NNS .	15	16	VBP	vote	votes
the most distinctive feature of NNP NN is that the NNS form large characteristic NNS .	10	11	VBP	form	forms
as noted by this diff , NNP 's VBG attacks continue .	9	10	VBP	continue	continues
its pov issues seem to have been largely corrected ( thanks , NNP ) , and i think our current goal for the article should be to expand it while making sure that each and every fact is verified by external sources .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
members of the finance council are to be appointed for five years , but at the end of this period they can be appointed for other JJ terms .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP route is of great importance for economy and tourist industry of NNP and NNP NNP , as it links a large number of NNS to motorway systems in slovenia and croatia , providing a significant access route for thousands of VBG tourists .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this sort of sexual selection induced sex ratio is common .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
although the operation is successful , she does not want to return to NNS , VBG she will VB herself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although the NNP rulers extended their power over other islands and destroyed neighbouring kingdoms , their focus seems to have been on controlling and gaining a larger share of the commercial trade that passed through the archipelago .	16	17	VBZ	seems	seem
actually the way you added is not correct and i have removed the entry .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this blog post says the first pro hockey team in the us was the portland NNP , in 1914 .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the name `` NNP '' references the film NNP ( 1984 ) , in which an ancient JJ deity called NNP possesses the character dana barrett and VBZ , `` there is no dana , only NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	references	reference
the territorial jurisdiction of central university of punjab is whole of the state of punjab .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the solution is right there , it works , but it does n't VB with how some people want to do things .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this version is unique to this collection .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
films noted have very limited web entries .	0	2	VBP	have	has
trumpet teachers and NNS include paul NNP ( NNP philharmonic ) ; louis davidson ( NNP ) ; and eugene NNP ( cincinnati symphony ) .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
his publications include a description of the works of NNP NNP , CD ( reprinted CD ) ; and medals , coins , great seals , NNP from the works of thomas simon , CD ( reprinted CD ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
before the proceedings begin , he also puts on a sort of NN , which supports four flags and three victory NNS .	2	3	VBP	begin	begins
when two or more separate companies join together to form one company so that their VBN resources generate greater common prosperity than if they remain separate .	5	6	VBP	join	joins
the first hall contains a number of NNS which provide information about the early humans and animals which existed at the NNP site around 1 million years ago .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the spring months ( march to may ) are usually mild and often quite pleasant .	2	8	VBP	are	is
this structure is central to the NN and control of capital , ensuring all forms of capital distribution and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rest of the video shows them both showing NN over this JJ decision .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
unincorporated communities in the state of pennsylvania are JJ communities that are part of one or more incorporated municipalities but are not independent municipalities in their own right .	1	7	VBP	are	is
for instance , the NN web design that continues to be the standard of choice for internet applications is for email production purposes RB VBP upon NNP standards that are rarely met by today 's most common email clients .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
his cousin is former nhl star NNP NNP , who was also VBN by james .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other interesting places include NNP national museum , NNP national park , sri NNP national park , and the royal palace and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNS from NNP are very extensive , and could , i think , be VBN a bit .	1	4	VBP	are	is
this naming scheme and NN of the designs is the reason of the cycle pattern in the NN NN notes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the average age of the NNS is very high - around 44 years - and the NNS are cultivated RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the problems that caused this case are with his his judgment and communication .	1	6	VBP	are	is
presently , the mall has approximately 6 stores and NNP 's ( which originally opened as the jones store ) is the sole remaining anchor .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
what i 'd suggest is that the NNS first check to see if an NNP version exists or existed , confirm that the licensing was valid , and then restore the local copy .	15	16	VBZ	exists	exist
the JJ environment of the chamber VBZ the NN of JJ NNS of the NN , VBG NN NN .	2	6	VBZ	favors	favor
the closest thing that comes to mind is arrow 's NN theorem .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the evidence shows that improvements in the quality of production information reduce the NN of site quality problems and lead to significant savings in the cost of construction work .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
proposed deletion process if they have the NNS not to argue that this bit of nonsense deserves any NN .	13	16	VBZ	deserves	deserve
when similarly adapted species overlap RB , closer inspection reveals subtle ecological differences in their habitat or JJ requirements .	3	4	VBP	overlap	overlaps
the NNP '' and `` song and dance man '' were reversed ; track 16 is `` song and dance man '' and track 17 is `` the NNP .	13	15	VBZ	is	are
the action is set on a set of small sand islands , which are VBN by narrow bridges , and all the world is under a giant dome , similar to the one from `` the NNP show '' .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the bank 's governor is NNP singer .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these groups are often collectively referred to ( together with of the region ) as NNP ( , literally `` NNS '' ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the church is a large structure .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as a result of the mixture of various communities living together , the suburb has one of the city 's most JJ and JJ cultures .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the NNS are dark NN with JJ NN and a long JJ fringe .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he 's an unusually gifted NN , and his delivery is even more JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the committee needs NN to handle situations but must VBG balance it with the rights of all users and needs of the encyclopedia .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
fair use in NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
a magic circle is a RB defined space in a number of magical traditions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
brown fur seals begin to breed in the middle of october , when males VBP out on shore to establish territories though display , VBG and sometimes actual combat .	2	3	VBP	begin	begins
the monks moved to warsaw in 1819 , and their church now serves as a local parish church .	10	12	VBZ	serves	serve
JJ location services allow a high degree of physical location precision .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
other names in common use include JJ JJ , JJ , JJ NN , JJ JJ NN , NN NN , JJ NN NN , JJ JJ JJ NN , and JJ NN NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
other NNS also have bare skin around their eyes , almost reaching their NN , as in NNP .	1	3	VBP	have	has
challenge is no longer available at that site .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this category is for NNS in malaysia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i ca n't tell whether the dvd sets are significant .	7	8	VBP	are	is
its NNS feature JJ NNS , gaming and entertainment , convention and exhibition facilities , celebrity chef restaurants and clubs , as well as an art and science museum in singapore .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
his book often reads like a letter to his family and closest friends .	1	3	VBZ	reads	read
in typical military strategy , the success of any cavalry charge depends on the infantry breaking ranks so that the cavalry can VB them down .	6	11	VBZ	depends	depend
the label seems to be RB notable within the state of maryland , but a detailed search finds very little in the way of reliable sources regarding the label and its bands .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
most railways have a track gauge of , unless otherwise specified .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the highest natural point in the county and the state of rhode island is NNP hill at CD feet ( CD m ) .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
the building is JJ , with a large auditorium inside the u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other sources leave a little to be desired - i ask myself what is the reference about - and the answer is RB NN , not JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	leave	leaves
the article is at afd , so all content is preferred to VB so the voters will have the change to read and VB the information .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the percentage of households with permanent housing for the north central coast is 75 .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the team plays its home games at NNP field on the campus of the university of arizona in NNP , arizona .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
these images are several years old and have no `` tag '' or `` license number '' or such associated with them that i know of .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the centre of the throat is JJ and a short JJ JJ NN is present in the eastern populations .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
its key NNS include dennis stanford of the JJ institution and bruce bradley of the university of exeter .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the way it is constructed , presented makes it memorable .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make
the nest is an JJ cup of NNS with a dome above it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main NN loop has two lanes .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
one variant on the NN style is the NN NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP jobs in japan , but here are some that list NNP japan [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] here are university staff who include NNP japan in their professional NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the size and structure of the JJ shark 's mouth and NN suggests that it uses NN to capture prey .	1	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the college is famous in the state of NNP for its well known NNS of civil and electrical engineering .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in fact , the business around arbitration is usually so sad and JJ that , as a rule , i prefer to put as much distance between myself and it .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the aforementioned pattern also occurs in NNP , illinois , with washington street being the NN between north and south .	2	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
the only difference is that this would be applied equally , people would know about it , and it would be RB fair and less likely to VB NNS on the subject .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this book is a sequel to NNP face .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the episode features the JJ music NNP , who uses his power to control people through song to try to take over the world .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
such systems run on JJ NNS or servers in the organization .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the said category is one of the seven new categories added in 2006 along with favorite pop video , favorite rock video , best animated video , best NNP in a video , best editing in a video and best production design in a video .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ result is JJ with a NN hypothesis .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a sick character has a thin red line pointing NNS in between his NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
sorry , but this proposal for a community ban is nonsense , imo .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
in the course of time the collection was VBN with sentences drawn from other writers , especially from JJ writings of NNP ; the number of genuine verses is about 700 .	24	28	VBZ	is	are
the details of the rules of the match are just a NN of the summary , and the reception section is entirely JJ , and a very probable npov violation .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
so the minimum cabin pressure is a sort of compromise between what is needed in order to be reasonably comfortable for air NNS and what is not too JJ and heavy for airline manufacturers .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
shortly after the league 's championship was awarded in january 2010 , both the league website and rhode island storm websites went inactive and the league RB disappeared .	15	20	VBZ	websites	website
the web application NN is responsible for writing the model code , and for creating a central configuration file NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
oppose lists and NNS are essentially two different animals -- lists are typically an JJ NN of existing articles on a given topic , whereas NNS are a JJ NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
this category is for nfl coaches for the st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most common type of mass NN ( ms ) associated with a gas NN ( NNP ) is the JJ mass NN , sometimes referred to by the NNP ( now NNP ) trade name `` mass selective NNP '' ( NNP ) .	3	18	VBZ	is	are
i am writing on behalf of the person whose page appears here to request that his identity and page be removed from wikipedia .	9	10	VBZ	appears	appear
in terms of human resources , the university has more than 2 , 000 teachers involved in study and research , over 42 , 000 students , and more than 1 , 000 people working in administration and services .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the JJ nature of the NNP license also allows derivative works of code released originally under the NNP license to become less JJ with time .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow
of course the fa people think we should have more featured content , and of course getting rid of NNP , NNP , and NNP would create more room for featured content .	4	5	VBP	think	thinks
the JJ protein is CD amino acids in length and highly VBN across species .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other european countries with significant tax reform efforts are france , italy , norway , spain , and the united kingdom .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the west side of berlin mountain VBZ into the little NNP river , NN into the NNP river , and on to the hudson river .	2	6	VBZ	drains	drain
evidence for this includes NNS to historical events and literary sources which VBP CD , as well as shakespeare 's adaptation of his style to accommodate NNP literary NNS and the changing membership of the king 's men and their different venues .	0	3	VBZ	includes	include
the video ends with NNS in the NN , VBG with the top hat over her head .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
probably this name derives from the source of the NNP river , a tributary of the NNP , at the foot of the mountain .	2	3	VBZ	derives	derive
if the JJ noun complex is definite , the definite article is VBN to the NN and not to the noun , e .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
therefore , JJ NN machines are practically always VBN with NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
her characters have very small NNS and NNS placed within close proximity of each other which leaves an RB large separation between the mouth and bottom of the NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
i hope the situation will be resolved RB , and that the country returns to democratic order as soon as possible .	12	13	VBZ	returns	return
also if the water NN is not thoroughly VBN before leaving it can VB over night and be completely stopped up in the morning .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this article is an attempt at humor rather than an encyclopedia article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a less common approach is to VB both JJ NN VBZ on one side with a single wider JJ line , technique called NNP or wide area JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
while some references cite NNP as the first locomotive built in the united states , the best friend of charleston is more widely accepted as the first ; the best friend of charleston was built in 1831 .	2	3	VBP	cite	cites
council tax rates are higher in NNP NNP than in NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the management portal uses window 's JJ technology and is where users go to manage projects , schedule resources , run reports , create NNS , and VB the application .	11	12	VBP	go	goes
in her will , the NNP VBD many of her possessions to the autonomous region of the NNPS ; a permanent exposition in the public library and regional archive in NNP NNP VBZ her literary history .	21	32	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
the story of t NNP has its `` NN '' moments when it comes down to it .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
JJ NNS assist with the speedy flow of air traffic by directing and controlling aircraft .	1	2	VBP	assist	assists
NNP 's example of a JJ form is NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
his photograph is also on the poster , with the NN `` NNP , italian communist , 12 attacks '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her title in thai is the female equivalent of the title held by her brother , crown prince NNP NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ plants are many and varied .	1	2	VBP	are	is
nor , disputes now VBP him in those too .	2	4	VBP	surround	surrounds
the church has NNP write a NN and NNP is then sacked by the newspaper under pressure from the catholic lobby .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the tower and NN are CD feet ( 41 m ) high , and the walls of the building are 18 inches ( 45 .	15	19	VBP	are	is
after an NN and powerful scene in which german troops celebrate the first anniversary of their entry into paris , NNP ends in july 1941 , when , far across europe , germany begins its invasion of the soviet union .	9	10	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
her novel the NNP eye VBZ how `` NN '' and `` beauty '' dominate black women 's lives as NNS of white women as the standard of beauty .	1	5	VBZ	examines	examine
NNP NNP ( reed diamond ) , head of security at the NNP during most of the first season , takes his job very seriously , but does n't think very highly of the NNP themselves , viewing them more as robots than humans .	7	20	VBZ	takes	take
the act of VBG involves incorporating `` green '' products and processes into one 's environment , such as the home , work place , and general lifestyle .	1	11	VBZ	processes	process
interpretations of this claim vary widely .	0	4	VBP	vary	varies
between CD and CD bc , the state of NNP occupied most of the territory of NNP , and it is generally accepted that these coins come from this time .	25	26	VBP	come	comes
so IN the characters represent , they are about human life VBD , i think .	3	4	VBP	represent	represents
it 's helpful if people try not to remove the header , but not a big deal if someone removes it accidentally .	4	5	VBP	try	tries
the song `` NNP '' is the longest track on the album and is completely written in german .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
players have the ability to change color of NNP while moving into enemy space .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the play centres around the NNP family ; a NN NNP wife NNP , her american husband frank , and their only son david .	1	2	VBZ	centres	centre
the right spelling is NNP with NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
schools serving the town include NNP elementary school ( grades NNP ) , NNP junior high school ( grades JJ ) , and NNP high school district ( grades CD ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
at NNP the NNP river suddenly turns RB away from the NNP .	4	6	VBZ	turns	turn
the stories of the creature known as a NN are as diverse as the spelling of its name , though they are all connected to NN cultures through a common derived belief in the NNP ( , ) .	1	9	VBP	are	is
NNP 's immediate neighbours are the communities of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP , which together with NNP form an administrative community ( NNP ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a franchise fee is not a tax ; it is a JJ charge .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the danger is , if you do n't have these sorts of checks and NNS in place , that we end up deleting a genuine article because someone incorrectly thinks it is a hoax , and everyone agrees with that person without VBG the conclusions for themselves .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the obvious benefit of this approach is that there is no loss in accuracy and it does not require a NN exercise .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a sustainable wildlife enterprise is a farming system that incorporates sustainable use of wildlife to promote conservation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
perhaps it needs NN , but the legend of NNP 's gold mine is a NN JJ part of the history of british columbia 's greater vancouver area and deserves a spot in your work .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
the current engine configuration is twin detroit diesel CD that put out each at a max NNP of CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her school is much more organized and has more money for school matters , such as for the student festival .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when heard with noise , listeners hear speech recorded in noise better compared to that speech which has been recorded in quiet and then played given with the same level of VBG noise .	5	6	VBP	hear	hears
the village is VBN where the JJ roman road known as NNP street crosses the river NNP .	8	13	VBZ	crosses	cross
NNP and NNP , but the reference is historical ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS goes RB and NNS through the ring of fire during the grand finale , and the audience , following a VBN principal victoria 's lead , gives a standing NN .	17	27	VBZ	gives	give
NNP is a genus of flowering plants from the family NNP ( formerly in the NNP , but this family is now usually VBN in the NNP ) .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the NNP line is a line of the london underground , coloured brown on the tube map .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some families feature a JJ east end NN .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
for example , NNS from NNS show children of an elite class tended to be VBN and JJR compared to children from lower classes .	3	6	VBP	show	shows
this NNP tells the visitor ( or the user ) that the person speaks english as a native language .	12	13	VBZ	speaks	speak
the castle is now so completely demolished that not a trace of even its situation can be found .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a third book `` NNP '' ( 1994 ) set during the war , is part fiction , part documentary .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
although some specialists consider an increased number of JJ white blood cells on JJ NNP NN as being useful in the diagnosis of NNP , this criterion has not been VBN , has a low JJ value ( NNP ) , and is not available in some settings .	2	3	VBP	consider	considers
the monastery is as old as the lady of NNP monastery .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP family '' but the linked town simply mentions that NNP can be a surname as well .	1	8	VBZ	mentions	mention
while existing efforts are necessary , these efforts represent the wisdom of the moment .	7	8	VBP	represent	represents
the dublin area rapid transit system runs through the eastern coast of the county and connects to dublin city centre to the north as well as other points north and south on the NNP NNP railway system , with connections to NNP trains .	5	6	VBZ	runs	run
this category is for articles about NN in argentina .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dutch renaissance scholar and JJ NNP is a late example of NN ; though sometimes referred to as `` NNP NNP '' or `` NNP of NNP '' , he was VBN only as `` NNP '' , after the NN NNP of NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
however , this is with the understanding that NNP 's version is unacceptable as original research and a pov fork that should not be allowed to VB back into the article .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
their favored weapon is the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the `` family NNP '' documents , VBN by the cia in 2007 , suggest that before the bay of NNP invasion robert kennedy personally authorized one such assassination attempt .	5	14	VBP	suggest	suggests
the tomb survives in fair condition , though it is missing its guardian statues .	1	2	VBZ	survives	survive
selected picture , this is quite a small amount of pictures .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
i agree with NNP that this article is more about him finding a body .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the other type of NNP , NNP NNP , is due to an JJ NN NN and affects dominant hemisphere control .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the first major references to japanese naval actions against other asian powers occur in the accounts of the NNP NNS of japan by NNP khan in CD .	3	12	VBP	occur	occurs
the NNS are addressed to noble NNS , who were married and had children , and were active members of the NNP NNP , in the years JJ when anthony mary was a priest ; however , their content is applicable to everyone .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
the upgraded version is the CD `` JJ '' with NNP missiles and is designated the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the shot of the hotel 's sign appears at the beginning of every episode but one , `` the germans '' , when a hospital is used , since it is the only episode which does not begin at the hotel .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical NN NN forests and rivers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
some typical uses of digital NNS are in circuits requiring gain control of NNS ( frequently NN NNS ) , JJ NN , and VBD NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the voyage was widely covered and sometimes incorrectly said to be the first time when JJ ships make the transit .	16	17	VBP	make	makes
however , a NNP version still exists in the australian release .	4	6	VBZ	exists	exist
jean NNP writes of NNS ' which are JJ and JJ NN activity and the acquisition of knowledge , and are able to draw the perceived environment into their orbit .	2	20	VBP	are	is
the goal for creating a good JJ algorithm is to match the work complexity of some JJ ram model algorithm while VBG q ( n , l , z ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the use of JJ music and parallel NNS in the NN of the chinese tea cup is an example of use of `` NN '' in orchestral music .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
since many telephone boxes tend to be at the NN and already have electricity supplies , a trial is to take place in the spanish capital , madrid , to convert 30 former telephone boxes into VBG points for electric cars .	3	4	VBP	tend	tends
her name NNP is a play on words from NN , referring to her JJ face .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
in addition , since NNP was once ruled by the spanish , some JJ dialects exhibit spanish NNS .	14	15	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
the editing policy VBN on the article is completely out of line and criminal .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the democratic alliance 's historical roots are broadly JJ .	5	6	VBP	are	is
at present the club has in excess of CD members being the only club in the NNP region to VB for competitive hockey for both men and ladies teams .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the truth is the media ( ex .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
election to the assembly is by single JJ vote ( NNP ) , a form of proportional representation .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
its visitors include elvis NNP , reported to have kicked the NN and left without dining after finding none of his own records among the available NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the film tells the story of a young woman ( played by NNP ) , who tries to free herself from the role imposed on her by the village culture .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
target release is by remote control , either by pressing a button or by an acoustic system activated by the shooter 's voice .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , article 81 requires that all north NNPS `` firmly VB the political and JJ unity and NN of the people , '' and article requires that citizens observe `` the socialist standards of life .	28	29	VBP	observe	observes
after the introduction , the book is divided into two sections , the NNP section , and the adventure section .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the proper noun , NNP , is identical to the latin common noun ( and only to that noun ) for `` staff '' in the sense of NN or formal NN , a badge of governmental authority .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
ultimate output of the third NN is thus the same as that of the preceding second NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the show VBZ the trials and NNS of home NNS from the contractor 's perspective .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
all coaches are now white with a new south NNP fleet name in silver , and school vehicles are gradually being painted into an all over yellow scheme inspired by the purchase of a former plymouth NNP school vehicle .	1	2	VBP	are	is
after the NNS pop , the color VBZ with friction , water or exposure to air .	6	7	VBZ	disappears	disappear
in addition to a generating capacity of CD NNP , the station also feeds the NNP district heating net .	11	13	VBZ	feeds	feed
the swamp is the home of the francis NNP forest , a nature preserve of virgin NN and NN forest owned and operated by the NNP society .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
active NN disciplines drop or mark NNS before the NN is full .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these divisions are important parts of lions clubs international .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no one is VBN of any financial NN as a result of this image being uploaded to wikipedia , because this image and its content has no known face value .	21	25	VBZ	has	have
help desk ) several centuries ago we learned that the brain is the organ of a person 's `` self .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
four lanes village centre is CD metres ( CD feet ) above sea level .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
no copyvio as this is an historical document .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's fisheries are part of the upper NNP river zone , which is important support for JJ species and NN fishing but does not play a major role in commercial fishing .	2	3	VBP	are	is
red grant robert shaw ( NN ) brian NNP ( voice ) bond shoots him with a wright NNP .	12	13	VBZ	shoots	shoot
for food items , you just have to give the ingredients list separately in each language , but for NNS and NNS , water is the only thing whose name is significantly different .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( robert de NNP ) witnesses NNP threatening to VB a young girl when her father refuses to pay him , and almost NNS but is stopped by his friend , NNP NNP , who tells him who VBP really is .	17	18	VBZ	refuses	refuse
delete the article is a bio of a non-notable living person .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the included application programming NNS ( NNP ) allows to VB and extend the NNS of websites .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow
the number of JJ bands in a sensor system determines the amount of detail that can be obtained about the source of the object being viewed .	1	9	VBZ	determines	determine
the farm has 120 acres of land .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the title is not a JJ search term , but considering the time it has existed a redirect is appropriate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
statistics are correct through the end of the 2009 continental indoor football league season .	0	1	VBP	are	is
google searches turn up plenty of JJ mention of it .	1	2	VBP	turn	turns
this project seems now to have been abandoned , though , as NNP has not been RB active with it .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
lucy 's sad reply is to say that `` facing facts '' is easy for a JJ JJ old girl , but that at lucy 's age , the only fun left is `` VBG that there ai n't any facts to face .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its lessons include hope , faith , and the NN of jesus .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
here the plain and simple reading is that mr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in NNP the solution is unique , but in NNP there may be multiple NN in the sum of squares .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
commercial air service is available at NNP county airport ( NNP ) north of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most JJ NNS have been retired to VB service , but modern diesel tourist boats remain on the river .	14	15	VBP	remain	remains
mayor of NNP is andrew NNP ( r , term of office ends december 31 , 2013 ) .	11	12	VBZ	ends	end
with the hope that i have answered your questions , based on the NN above and the fact that the article meets in my opinion the general notability guideline i recommend this article to be kept .	20	21	VBZ	meets	meet
the route VBZ at NNP and continues over to NNP by NNS that connect NNP port with NNP ( NNP , NNP ) and NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	terminates	terminate
this degree of NN of light depends on the frequency ( color ) of light .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend
may 2007 ( utc ) okay , the problem is the idea of a `` primary topic '' according to the disambiguation guidelines , i got that much .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
however , the list and form of documents is open to imagination and NN and might contain requirements to present documents issued by a neutral third party VBG the quality of the goods shipped , or their place of origin .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
also , a medical and research institution at the great NNP street hospital for children in london , uk , bears his name ( the NNP NNP centre ) .	6	20	VBZ	bears	bear
your friend probably has a faster dvd drive ( or two ) .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the money from these funds the bbc , since it is a JJ broadcaster .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
this category contains players who are playing or have played for NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
because chinese has a character set running into the thousands , NN printing suits it better than JJ type to the extent that characters only need to be created as they occur in the text .	23	25	VBP	need	needs
approximately four days after NN and after several cycles of cell division , these JJ cells begin to VB .	15	16	VBP	begin	begins
some people disagree with that decision and want to VB the constitution to allow more restrictions on campaign spending .	1	2	VBP	disagree	disagrees
the store just off interstate 80 on the southern edge of sidney , nebraska VBZ some of the elements .	1	14	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the JJ issue is JJ and somewhat JJ threat - meanwhile , the archives are full of hundreds of dead good proposals .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a third is that the article seems to rely a lot on direct NNS , often of fairly JJ statements .	5	6	VBZ	seems	seem
they immediately feel attracted to each other and NNP tells her the man who is casting the roles is henry NNP ( NNP ) , the screen writer .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
comment for anyone hunting for a better version of this image , this is a picture of the launch of NNP .	0	13	VBZ	is	are
george michael NNS to go back and stick with the family , but michael stops him , realizing that his son is the most important thing in his life .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the pronunciation of NN in korean is not identical to the way they are pronounced in modern chinese , particularly NNP , although some chinese dialects and korean share similar NNS for some characters .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
also one of the difficulties is that often new programs have to be VBN into old systems , which means reading fixed format records , etc .	9	10	VBP	have	has
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are NNP NN and NN , whereas its two products are JJ and NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is
in this legend , he is said to be the son of NNP NNP , and in the service of the NNP empire , and NNP whose religion is JJ but has the arabic name `` said '' .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
on film review VBP site NNP NNP , the film has two reviews , one positive and one negative .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the two other tables are redundant since the column VBG system does the job and there are no significant numbers that require more than a few seconds to be counted .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the current mayor is NNP NNP of the dominican liberation party ( NNP in spanish ) , who after a few failed attempts finally beat mario NNP of the NNP party to become the local mayor .	22	24	VBP	beat	beats
the look and feel of the site appears to have been created to attract a young , hip sports fan .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
all linear stages consist of a platform and a base , joined by some form of guide or linear bearing in such a way that the platform is restricted to linear motion with respect to the base .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
yet when he sends someone to collect what is due , the NNS of the past , his NNS refuse to pay up and hurt each succeeding servant worse than the last , meaning the increasing NN of the will of god .	12	19	VBP	refuse	refuses
our country can not escape even if the revision is not a review with a large r .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
journal of indian history , volume 42 , page CD he RB traces his lineage back by 49 preceding generations without a break to one of the kings of ancient NNP .	8	12	VBZ	traces	trace
a better translation is public servant , being permanently employed within the public sector .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the overall distribution of legislative seats is largely determined by the results for the sixteen senate and forty house district seats , elected by NN voting .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
hamburg NNP VBZ all criteria for heavy rail inside the state and city of hamburg , but some lines go beyond the state border into the state of NNP and there the NN runs with lower train frequency .	18	19	VBP	go	goes
the country of birth of people living in NNP is 1 .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
usually a personal attack has a target , and makes some sort of NNS on their character , NN , or personal NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
this newsletter is to inform users of a change in policy with categories .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the district includes 15 contributing buildings , 1 contributing site , and 2 contributing structures .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
note also that the master account listed is .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
pine 's message composition editor is also available as a separate JJ program , called NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
just because it is not your opinion that this league is important NNS make it so .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's ideas continue to be a source of influence even after his death , including in the work of the international leadership and business society , which has set as its aim the NN of work .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
VBN films from the NNP library - athletics this blog includes JJ copies of our films and commentary about them .	9	10	VBZ	includes	include
each kit contains eight coins , again a coin of each NN , and was given to the inhabitants and employees of the vatican for free .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the northern CD league is the JJ level , which has schools with NNS of 1 , 200 and higher .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
so it 's equally safe from all sides , and when it hits nothing 's going into the egg directly , force goes into the tape surrounding it .	21	22	VBZ	goes	go
as of december 2012 , the current mayor of NNP is chris mitchell .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN of friction between the block and surface is ( .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
his prior political experience includes serving as a representative in the iowa house from 1995 to 2003 , serving on the NNP county democratic central committee in 1996 , and serving as president of the drake college democrats from 1987 to 1988 .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
many nevada students VBP from las vegas and view NNP as a VBN community college ; NNP students see nevada as an VBN , JJ institution in an JJ part of the state .	17	18	VBP	see	sees
the colors of the design elements are those traditionally associated with the ideals of the united states and of the u .	1	6	VBP	are	is
s [ NNP ] where the field NN ( NN ) is itself a function of space and time , and the square NNS are a NN that the action depends on all the field 's values everywhere , not just some particular value .	29	30	VBZ	depends	depend
the town has an elevation of approximately .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i support this statement , if a serial killer is notable then there is JJ reason not to include it as a biography including the stuff he done .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
my friends are very mean to me , they call me wet girl .	1	2	VBP	are	is
edition of the NN finds to the point of publication .	0	4	VBZ	finds	find
the rifles however are made on a heat treated steel action , and the JJ actions are not heat treated .	15	16	VBP	are	is
NNP 's campaign said such orders are usual in close elections .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the river then flows into lake NNP , which is formed by lake NNP dam .	1	3	VBZ	flows	flow
the surgical NN methods that have reduced JJ NN include JJ breast JJ placement , using either VBN or JJ NNS , the mentor worldwide llc corporation , one of the two , u .	3	9	VBP	include	includes
the last level consists of taking down an enemy helicopter while protecting michael NNP ; this scene was featured in the third film , when michael has a reunion with the family members .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
his position is centre or wing and he currently plays for NNP NNP in the top 14 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but other , JJ islamic groups say their activist counterparts are VBG the degree to which it 's taking place .	5	6	VBP	say	says
north korean forces have large NN artillery for which atomic NNS might be provided .	2	3	VBP	have	has
if the problem with the golden NNP article is fringe material , then NNP program deserves attention too , as it is the main article on NNP flying and the NNP effect , the JJ fringe material in the NNS article .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
us ( officially ) has zero trade with north korea , cuba and iran , but of course those relations are highly notable , more for their NN than anything else .	19	20	VBP	are	is
cities towns and villages are inherently notable regardless of size .	1	4	VBP	are	is
location , location , location is a channel 4 property programme , presented by NNP NNP and phil spencer and produced by NNP media , part of the NNP media group .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
often , the grounds are a subset of requirements for NN in the relevant country .	3	4	VBP	are	is
according to the system used , a carrier is typically on the order of 3000 meters long .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the launch , originally called NNP , follows on from NNP , which launched in march 2011 .	1	7	VBZ	follows	follow
the kentucky state legislature passes the second of its NNS as part of the kentucky and virginia NNP .	3	4	VBZ	passes	pass
many health NNS have argued that comprehensive sex education would effectively reduce the number of teenage NNS , although opponents argue that such education encourages more and earlier sexual activity .	19	20	VBP	argue	argues
the latest NN to the gay NNP hall of fame is robert l .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
i VBP with the comment above , the page has so much NN on it unlike some of the other april singles .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the entire town of NNP is part of the inventory of swiss heritage sites .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the article is also RB VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the coat protein contains JJ NN amino acid NNS which help the virus to spread .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
all the suspect accounts listed there seem to be blocked .	3	6	VBP	seem	seems
the track hosts the NNP NNP community grand prix , and also a race from the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
as a NNP efficient NN of economic resources , perfect competition serves as a natural NN against which to contrast other market structures .	10	11	VBZ	serves	serve
a steep road leaves the trail to the site of the NNP mine .	2	3	VBZ	leaves	leave
the only reason this should be deleted is if you have no interest in american politics , freedom of speech and suicide awareness .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
if an article is not neutral , you can VB other editors by adding the template to it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the participants are JJ , which creates further potential for biased results .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the cash obtained from membership of the trust is used to buy shares the football club has for sale , and hence the club benefits financially .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
this category contains articles regarding individuals nominated to serve in the united states executive cabinet , but who 's nominations were rejected by the united states senate or withdrawn from consideration prior to a vote being taken in the united states senate .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the neighborhood is part of bronx community board 8 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples of surfaces VBG this equality are hard to find .	0	6	VBP	are	is
archaeological evidence from syrian button seals supports this interpretation .	1	6	VBZ	supports	support
so the voltage at any point in an electric field is a measure of how much energy a charged particle will acquire as it moves through an electric field , and the less of the field it moves through , the less energy it will acquire .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , nearly thirty instruments not know to NNP have come up , among them the NN of a NN , a NN , more NNS , guitars , NNS .	7	9	VBP	know	knows
the walking path is and is open from six in the morning to six in the evening .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in september 2006 he became the first player to VB the updated transfer regulations of fifa , football 's governing body , which VBD that players are able to RB walk away from a contract after a fixed period , regardless of the duration of the contract itself .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the companions promise him NNP 's aid and persuade him to show a way out , but he leads them to a dead end tunnel and VB them .	1	2	VBP	promise	promises
in addition to the daytime festival , NNS offer festival NNS a choice of indoor ( seated ) concerts and live jazz in a club setting .	7	8	VBP	offer	offers
the bell NNP period marks a period of JJ cultural contact in atlantic and western europe on a scale not seen previously , nor again seen in succeeding periods .	3	4	VBZ	marks	mark
i do think that the article as it currently exists is not notable enough to stand on its own , but i do think that a list of .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
the dam is of solid NN construction , and , , and NNS of water , from a JJ area of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his most outstanding work is an illustrated epic of 45 volumes in which he VBZ his own JJ life story .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other major highways include state route CD ( NNP drive and e street ) ; state route 66 ( which includes the former u .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
a NNP NNP ( skeleton ) VBZ his surprise that humans can survive despite their relatively JJ bodies , and a human ( skeleton ) remarks that we survive on spite .	4	6	VBZ	expresses	express
size as well as shape affects the amount of the effect .	4	5	VBZ	affects	affect
i have noticed that after driving , even over relatively short distances , my NN key gets quite warm .	15	16	VBZ	gets	get
the option type includes the notion of success .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the only `` reference '' i could find is JJ .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the term typically refers to large positive NNS , or more generally , large positive real numbers , but it may also be used in other NN .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the present village has a modern architecture of houses with several large buildings ( for example saint nicholas church and the gym hall ) and is inhabited by over 2000 people .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
pet NN is on the market from early 2011 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if you stay involved with wikipedia , the chances are good that NN or later you will find yourself in need of logging on to one or more of wikipedia 's sister projects .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the reason for nomination is not lack of sources .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
these JJ NNS rarely VBP to JJ features and in many cases obscure them .	2	4	VBP	correspond	corresponds
JJ complex NN 10 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS restaurant has its roots in a NNP NN established JJ by NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the amount of participation ( or lack RB ) has little to do with the issue ; behavior will be the deciding factor .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
these NNS include rail link , inc .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
many members and sponsors feel that recovery is not JJ without active sponsorship .	1	4	VBP	feel	feels
the third housing building mentioned is the NNP building , a NN for married couples and their families .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
whether this reference is the result of the merging of a myth and history is unclear .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the band 's style VBZ 1980s JJ era van NNP and JJR NNS rock NNS such as jane 's addiction .	3	4	VBZ	recalls	recall
roman catholic church stands on the high street and is dedicated to lawrence the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	stands	stand
the facts remain the same , everything is under investigation .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
the plain of NNP offers the most fertile land of good quality crops are much more varied and rich in NNS , tobacco , NN , NN , fruit trees , olive trees .	1	4	VBZ	offers	offer
the essays you mention are simply that , essays .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the southeastern , more JJ half of the county is either flat near the river or RB RB .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
in july , the normal high temperature is 110 degrees with a low of 82 .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a JJ way to cope with this problem is by using VBG techniques in which the spectrum is reduced in resolution to a sufficient degree to ensure that a given peak remains in its bin despite small JJ NNS between NNS .	30	31	VBZ	remains	remain
these commands are a NN to north suffolk and will bring an estimated 1 , 000 additional employees , counting military , civilians and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the distances between the objects are quite far compared to the NN so we can VB the NNS of the bodies as lines instead of circles .	1	5	VBP	are	is
they were mainly indians of which the oldest roots go back to the NNP , a people belonging to the ethnic group of the NNP who stem from the NNP , which used to be one of the four regions of the NNP empire .	8	9	VBP	go	goes
instead , the object of the raising verb appears to have `` VBN '' from the subject position of the embedded NN , in this case from the embedded NNS to read and to have said .	3	8	VBZ	appears	appear
volcanic planets are the opposite of ice planets , and have the smallest population support and no crystal , but an abundance of metal .	1	2	VBP	are	is
passing time in the NNP is a book series published by NNP book ltd .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this NN has a variety of functions , including NN , NN , and VBG ( or VBG ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
also , the `` online '' button is actually a NN switch , such that if the NN is already online , pressing online makes the NN go NN and can be used to stop a JJ print job .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP these NNS are made by multiple companies and no one holds a copyright to them , but NNP keeps putting it under unsourced .	10	11	VBZ	holds	hold
of course , to get a nationwide upgrade , the cost has to be justified and VBN .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
come back if she becomes notable for something else independent of the NN , in the mean time a redirect is the logical answer .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the JJ court of appeals is the united states court of appeals for the federal circuit , which has nationwide jurisdiction over certain appeals based on their subject matter .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
sex on fire '' is the first single released from american alternative rock band kings of leon 's fourth studio album only by the night .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
along with friction forces , an operating engine has NN losses , which is the work required to move air into and out of the NNS .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
each player has a set of 65 pieces of 29 different types .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP NN , too , has both NNS and NNS , although NNS are largely useless in an adult .	12	13	VBP	are	is
these governments argue that the NN of germans and related border changes were not enacted by the polish or czech governments , but rather were ordered by the NNP conference .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
in addition , the city is home to some small and large shops which support the NNP ( recreational vehicle ) industry , as well as many other companies , such as famous NN manufacturer images NNPS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the protection policy has further details .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
today the camp runs four JJ sessions for city children in the summer , and religious NNS JJ .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
the area surrounding the NNP temple is now a public park , and the site features extensive gardens and a small lake .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the game package includes a mission editor that gives the player the ability to create his own NN or NN maps for other users to play in .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the composition of the area is JJ , as communities within it have been and are merged into each other , even into ones that are not seen to belong into NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , ethical cultural initiatives are JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is
his living descendants are his grand children paul NNP jones , jack franklin jones , thomas johnson NNP and john edgar NNP , each having children of their own .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this time he decides to not include any of his stories , but presents those of others whom the reader is not familiar with yet ( he does not give their names ) .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
apparently against her will , maya 's eyes become completely black and a JJ liquid NNS down her face .	7	8	VBP	become	becomes
this category includes articles related to the culture and history of czech americans in virginia .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
a google search for NNP corp produces only a surgical supplies business in NNP , NNP .	2	6	VBZ	produces	produce
the current president is david m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his human mind begins to conflict with his NNP NN , and he is nearly driven insane .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
their work in this area covers consumer financial protection , patient safety , consumer product safety , auto safety and worker safety .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover
invasion of the moon creatures is an episode of the award-winning british comedy television series the NNPS .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
recent theatre credits include NNP shakespeare at contact , manchester ; meet the NNP at the NNP theatre , bolton ; and RB challenged at contact , manchester .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the visual form of these curves is often JJ of a JJ NN , and indeed many kinds of NNS , including those known as JJ NNS , project to the plane as JJ figures .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a sign prominently displays this unusual fact about the interstate .	1	3	VBZ	displays	display
as the name says this university was created for the education and control of JJ , animal and fisheries science education in the state of karnataka .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the list is an absolute good .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition , all films are shown in english as well in certain theaters ( especially in major cities and JJ areas such as the west island ) , and in fact , some theatres , such as the NNP cinema montreal , show only movies in english .	34	43	VBP	show	shows
NNS and NNP gothic font , thus the licenses of these two NNS are both regarded .	0	13	VBP	are	is
of course the job is then to find suitable red links .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS along the middle rhine form the JJ region of the same name , see NNP ( wine region ) .	1	6	VBP	form	forms
the instrumental tracks include heavy NNS and call and response NN similar to those found in the JJ music of washington , d .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NN stands at nearly annually , and is somewhat heavy NN , though summer is JJR .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
series two survives complete this way , but no complete episode exists from series three .	2	3	VBP	complete	completes
these forests stretch from eastern texas and northern florida to the NNP and wisconsin .	1	2	VBP	stretch	stretches
as of 2010 , the leading conferences in the field include intelligent systems for molecular biology ( NNP ) , NNP , and the cold spring harbor laboratory and NNP institute 's meetings titled `` biology of NNP '' and `` NNP NNP '' .	6	10	VBP	include	includes
an example of such a label is the NNP label owned by abc while at NNP records in the uk .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the genus is in many ways typical of the NNP in that all species are JJ in appearance .	13	14	VBP	are	is
his uncle gets angry and throws him out of the house .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
on the other hand , the author of the letter does not suggest that a woman is naturally inferior or weak , or that she needs a man 's rule to be JJ .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
some shortened forms are more informal than others .	2	3	VBP	are	is
with the latter approach the generator produces an engine that directly VBZ to follow-up states via NN statements .	5	6	VBZ	produces	produce
most [ whatever ] movie until something better comes out next week .	4	8	VBZ	comes	come
the three brothers are all of them young , JJ and square western men and it would be a good thing for the town if they were all on the police force .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NN NNS are a core technology component of NN management .	1	2	VBP	are	is
any JJ function is JJ , but the NN is not always true .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the company makes NN pump NNS for the treatment of NNS and NNS are the key group among the NNS for the treatment of JJ tract diseases and JJ disorders ( NN , NN , NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
beer in chile is mainly pale NN , though the country does have a tradition of VBG corn beer , known as NN .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the structure includes a dozen NN NNS , forming a double NN , supported at the top by foundations at the NNP de santa NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
and as for why that is , i guess the answer is NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the mouth is round and flat at the front , becoming JJ towards the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the state is a major player in this process .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although the musical ensemble is composed only by acoustic instruments , the band often makes heavy use of sound effects like NN , VBG and NN .	12	14	VBZ	makes	make
my concern is always for innocent victims in situations like this .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
justice be done , the NNP NNP attempts to JJ NNP and discovers his life has no beginning or end .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
during lunch , lee reveals that dawn had always said the most important quality she looks for in a man is a good sense of NN , though dawn ( in tim 's presence ) suddenly stated that it was `` VBN good looks .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
architect of the mind is a concept album on artificial intelligence .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS are vulnerable and dependent , thus mothers , their primary NNS , are important to their survival .	1	2	VBP	are	is
major towns and cities tend to have `` 0 '' as the last number or last two numbers , e .	1	4	VBP	tend	tends
the NNP studios area is currently open but will close again when the reality tv show returns .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
their common design is that of the NN or command arms at the centre of the colour used .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP omaha property values have on a whole consistently improved over the past four years .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the album presents a studio performance of leader and NN ken NNP with NNP NNP on piano , mick NNP on bass and martin france on drums , recorded over 2 days in july , 1985 in norway .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
agree that NNP should only be used for obvious cases where no explanation is necessary , because reverting without explaining is rather rude .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
then the closing admin VBZ all keep NNS as NN .	3	4	VBZ	characterizes	characterize
there exists a neighborhood u of l , VBD in f ( also called NN ) , in which all the leaves are compact with finite NN groups .	21	22	VBP	are	is
google hits ; if the name variation is just a NN , it has apparently VBN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
current band members in a VBG line-up include NNP NNP , lisa NNP , brian turner , josh NNP , gary NNP , georgia NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
keep deletion is not a substitute for editing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the club 's home ground is NNP municipal , which has a capacity of 1 , 500 spectators .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
men 's JJ dance is JJ and JJ , but also highly JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this original sketch is all i could come up with when faced with an aggressive NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the b and c cities are secondary because they are in the same market area as a city rated a .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this percentage increases as the temperature goes up .	1	2	VBZ	increases	increase
other major industries include transportation like NNP with several distribution centres , NNS NNP copper and it .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
most farms run as primary income NNS became secondary sources of income to those who ran them , thus reducing the number of operations to a minimum .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the club has , on average , appointed a new manager every four years .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
all the farmers in this village are small and marginal farmers .	2	6	VBP	are	is
unfortunately , articles that were at one time available at news stands are now in JJ archives or available in public libraries on NN .	2	12	VBP	are	is
a latest part of the site that 's been developed is the `` drama studio theatre '' which was funded by the school 's humanities college status .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in fact , practically all NNS in common use are just one NN long , giving , in combination with a JJ or JJ long personal name , a JJ or JJ full name .	5	9	VBP	are	is
in mathematics ( more specifically geometry ) , a NN is a JJ JJ shape that forms half of a circle .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
as the population grows , it 's important to plan for viable alternative transportation options , such as simply walking or VBG to the NN store or to work .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow
the one inline cite appears dead from my end but seems to be another JJ interview .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
the design uses two JJ JJ NNS located just ahead of the chamber to function opposite the rotating bolt , thereby eliminating the need for the complex mechanisms found on other JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
JJ NNS that if no more positive social identity relating to one 's traits is available , then even the most negative social identity , no matter with what aggressive and harmful behavior it is associated , is preferred to total loss of identity .	8	14	VBZ	is	are
the aspect of this that sometimes VBZ people is that the usage changed as computers became widely available .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
his wish comes true when the NN breaks down .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the exact present size of NNP 's population is unclear .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the sides of the neck are white ; this sometimes continues across the NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of , 97 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the author , whilst doing historical research in norfolk , supposedly meets various surviving characters .	1	11	VBZ	meets	meet
this puts them in direct contrast with linguistic theories , which VBP that language acquisition uses a unique process different from other types of learning .	14	15	VBZ	uses	use
the constituency centres on NNP in west bengal .	1	2	VBZ	centres	centre
because of the high clay content , the NN is VBN down and JJ conditions are likely to occur .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the first step of analysis is to filter the raw data to remove very high frequency data since it can often be attributed to NNS or debris on the surface .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
wait until the flow product manager provides a design document for comment .	5	6	VBZ	provides	provide
but their names still remain in the consciousness of the people living in NNP through names of streets and NNS .	2	4	VBP	remain	remains
the point of the project is to have students make contributions to wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN uses his JJ sword to VB the head of beast boy ; RB , the magical sword drives out NNP without VBG logan .	17	18	VBZ	drives	drive
NN NNS are also sometimes used to VB large NNS before surgery .	1	2	VBP	are	is
tracks NNS are composed for this series , other songs are from ruby NNP 's album best selection .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the fact that one member was featured on media is not enough for inclusion of website he VBZ visits .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the report also says that their television channels , NNP one and NNP two can be received by 99 .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
individuals describe their ideal and real NNP as having a unified identity or character .	0	1	VBP	describe	describes
if she is found guilty , the monks know a sacred ritual that can VB her powers and stop the plague that is VBG europe .	7	8	VBP	know	knows
the website sells entertainment products in addition to a new range of items including NN .	1	2	VBZ	sells	sell
they always get news coverage one way or another , but this NN has no historical significance at all , and i think the article is just simply NN because it occurred a few days after the july 2006 java earthquake .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
these `` resource points '' represent a character 's additional effort or luck , and can be used RB by the player to influence the success of an action .	3	5	VBP	represent	represents
a large part of NNP is in the NNP ward of the london borough of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the third section of the film depicts a dance battle called the battle zone which takes place between NNS and NNS at the great western forum in 2004 .	2	6	VBZ	depicts	depict
the historical origin of JJ pop comes from a japanese JJ base instead of a chinese NN base .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come
the drawing turns out to be NNP ( from the NNP NNP episode `` NNP '' ) who springs back to life , VBZ patrick 's NN , and runs off to downtown NNP bottom .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
their goal is to help ensure that the student clubs and organizations are receiving the appropriate funding and support .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each NNP surprise egg consists of a chocolate shell , a plastic NN , the contents of said NN , and an external NN NN .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
these higher , individual values VBP an eventual second integration reflecting individual autonomy and for NNP , mark the arrival of true human personality .	4	5	VBP	characterize	characterizes
his concern for his people is one part of the dialogue and runs throughout the letter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
okay , but it was only a JJ argument to the fact that the website has a JJ claim to exist .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
the educational and cultural institution , founded in 1873 , now consists of a main library , central library , located in downtown indianapolis , and 22 branch locations spread throughout the city .	4	11	VBZ	consists	consist
this office is separate from the functions of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its lower body consists of an NNS , which is of brown color .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
a popular NN from NNP is NNP island in the neighbouring district of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the episode ends with everyone wondering if the events that happened will change their NNS .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
username appears proper , so not JJ for that .	0	1	VBZ	appears	appear
my rule of NN is to include every header in the lead in some way , but i do not see the NNS in the lead .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP this image is subject to copyright , i feel its use is covered by the u .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the bend charged with the NNS , taken from the arms of lorraine , is representative of world war i service and is red to indicate that the CD cavalry served as field artillery during world war i .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
links , the other links are earlier in the article than you may be looking .	4	5	VBP	are	is
where the subject matter of the sale is a class of goods ( NNS of NN , for example , or NNS of NNS ) , the JJ NNS apply .	28	29	VBP	apply	applies
used in drag racing when someone leaves the starting line at the exact moment when the light turns green ( .	16	17	VBZ	turns	turn
the result is a RB induced NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i feel that the number of citations is inadequate for an article of this size .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the quality of the article is not part of the deletion rationale here .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another example is NNP NNP who is doing the same for the swedish material , as it is covered by the same legal situation as the greek material .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the exterior NNS of the NNP are among the finest in italian architecture .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the NNP government consists of the prime minister , four deputy prime ministers , 25 ministers and six state NNS .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
another example is the east tennessee technology park at oak ridge national laboratory .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP maria NNP de NNP ( born november 30 , 1937 in rio de janeiro ) , whose artistic name is NNP , is a brazilian singer and composer .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
through participation members keep their marketing knowledge JJ , exchange experiences with other members and get VBN with other NNS .	2	3	VBP	keep	keeps
two manufactured versions are the NNP NN keeper and the NN bell , a registered trademark of l .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the result is that only the colonies of french sudan ( by this point called the NNP republic ) and NNP were engaged in the discussions of the formation of the federation by 1959 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the increase in prey availability VBZ into higher energy NN and reduced energy output .	1	5	VBZ	translates	translate
this practice is strongly encouraged , contrary to the hopes of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
appears that the only thing that we can VB is that they are secret , hardly a notable NN .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
to a large extent , the village VBZ its preservation to the NNP manor NNP trust , founded by raymond NNP in the early 1970s .	6	7	VBZ	owes	owe
the parameter is optional for afd and NNP discussions , and is only necessary to indicate the NN name in umbrella nominations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
detailed results on NNS are also available , showing speeds of the different test functions .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the `` house of NNP '' sequence includes this novel and NNP 's subsequent books the grey NNP of morning ( 1977 ) and when NNP NNP ( 1983 ) .	6	7	VBZ	includes	include
an alternative career or summer opportunity for the ensemble NN is to work for a music festival , either professional or educational .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
comment NNP , this article is up for deletion due to it being a list .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NNS principally consist of NNS in the form of NN in flat areas near the permanent polar ice caps in the north of the planet .	2	4	VBP	consist	consists
year round NN ceased in 1990 but both villages host summer residents , most of whom are families who once lived on the island .	8	9	VBP	host	hosts
yes , if you can restore i will address these problems why this author is so special and second i can make references .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the object is to put all the pieces into matching holes on the board ( pushed down ) before the time limit runs out .	21	22	VBZ	runs	run
in that sense , one could even argue that the article is inherently pov , though i admit that could be VBG it .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` NNP '' by wikiproject NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
to 's biggest international successes include breaking news , election , election 2 ( aka NNP election ) , exiled , mad detective and drug war ; these films have been distributed RB in france and the united states and widely sold to foreign countries .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the egyptian raid kills 56 of the remaining 88 passengers as well as two crew members and one NN ; NNP is arrested .	2	3	VBZ	kills	kill
NNP ( the park covers CD square kilometres of NN above NNP castle on the shore of NNP NNP ( loch NNP NNP ) , 20 km from NNP in county NNP .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the duty of the ordinary NN is therefore to love the NN and be VBN to him .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the problem is so JJ , he says , that too many NNS would prefer `` to explain it away , '' but he would rather have it explained and does not see why the effort should not be made .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wood or a synthetic material with similar properties is the best option for small NNS , NNS and NNS .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
the only point you raised which i have not tried to address is the problem of `` NN '' .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the long beach bridge connects to island park , the atlantic beach bridge connects to lawrence on the mainland of long island , and the loop parkway bridge connects NNP beach to the NNP state parkway .	27	28	VBZ	connects	connect
both male and female flowers are RB sweet JJ and have functional NNS at the JJ base .	4	5	VBP	are	is
because of the heavy NN of this as well as other species in the JJ spain , the trend has been for temperatures to be increasing and for yearly NN to be declining ; presently , the mediterranean climate is JJ in the area .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
attract mode is not only found in arcade games , but in most JJ games like NN machines , NN machines and lots of other games .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the film NNP , her character appears initially in long plain hair while attending JJ school , but returns to her paris home with a JJ , short , JJ `` paris NN '' , which again was copied by many women .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear
however , the fact that NNP is NN is not , in itself , reason to delete these articles -- many JJ disciplines , such as NN , have generated a great deal of encyclopedic material .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
according to the united states census bureau , the village has a total area of , of which is land and , or 32 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
NNP stands for JJ NN NNS , which as its name suggests , contains NNS of two amino acids , NN and NN .	10	11	VBZ	suggests	suggest
in NNP the line connects with the line to NNP .	3	4	VBZ	connects	connect
some basic hands are JJ , wedding hand , NN , NN , NN , NN , NN , NN , NN , NN , NN wedding hand , steel pan , wedding NN , NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
students who remain in good academic standing also have the opportunity to attend JJ field trips , which include visits to parks , the zoo , the movies and NNS .	0	8	VBP	have	has
delete - delete per nom , further very few articles also link to this one .	9	11	VBP	link	links
this finish is characterized by extreme wear and NN resistance ; it VBZ the metal , and treated parts have similar properties even below the surface to a certain depth .	18	19	VBP	have	has
david NNP stated in his article about the `` double flash '' event in the bulletin of atomic scientists that `` if the 1979 flash was caused by a test , most experts agree it was probably an israeli test '' .	32	33	VBP	agree	agrees
i understand your NN because it should be quality , not quantity that values if you are a good editor .	13	16	VBP	are	is
this colour convention comes from port and NN navigation lights , in accordance with an ancient bbc NN about broadcasting house resembling a battleship .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the purpose of NNP is to provide information to allow users to identify and find articles ( both good and poor ) that have been published about injury prevention and safety promotion topics .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the primary purpose of the dam is JJ power generation and its power station has an installed capacity of 130 mw .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the school serves the communities of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP hill , team valley and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
unlike the original dragon quest games , the player 's character does not do any of the fighting in battles ; instead the player has to rely on capturing , breeding and raising monsters to do the fighting for them .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
the main archaeological area covers an area of CD by 600 meters and lies to the open and flat place of a hill by the sea .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the northwest side drops VBP away towards the village of NNP whilst the other side is a more shallow slope down towards NNP forest which VBZ NNP reservoir .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the permanent link is the url of the page you are VBG in its original language ( i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a good faith del rev is an indication that the discussion is still in process .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
i for one do not have any faith or NNS that your technique is anything other than completely opinion based .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
it is less popular than that opening , however , perhaps because many players are JJ to surrender the bishop pair ( particularly without VBG white 's NNS ) , as black often ends up doing after 4 .	13	14	VBP	are	is
as typical for all NNS , individuals undergo JJ NN , which means the change from juvenile to adult is JJ .	6	7	VBP	undergo	undergoes
the green plays host to many village and community events including summer NNP and NNS , christmas carol concerts .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
after a year the tree is about half a meter tall , and within 4 years it can reach 4 meters .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
some organisations prefer large numbers of highly specific objectives such that each one can map onto a single question within an examination whereas others prefer small number of objectives where each one can map onto an aspect of the marking criteria for a single assessment such as a thesis .	1	2	VBP	prefer	prefers
article is in very good shape .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the new schedule has the opening games to be played on 25 november , and the championship game concluded the tournament on 29 november .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
one NN that is most important is cake because it awards an extra life if the player VBZ enough .	16	17	VBZ	collects	collect
his plays form an important part of the NNP movement .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
this year , as a testament to its appeal , its riders come from as far as washington dc to italy and china to chennai .	11	12	VBP	come	comes
the other NNS are NNP , and flora .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the unit 's history dates back to the late 14th century , when the red count used a NN of NNS .	3	4	VBZ	dates	date
RB , witnesses see a RB figure at the crime scenes .	2	3	VBP	see	sees
i do n't care , label me for VBG and VBN ' , JJ ban me , if NNS are pieces of NN like this i do n't care .	18	19	VBP	are	is
all your JJ tactics make everything you have written , including your book , suspect .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
a decision to take one 's own life thus appears to be a NN that one belongs to god .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the capital of NNP appears to be the center for this group 's production .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear
their total length is ( 2011 ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the crossing street is a JJ street , or other cases of flow NN , certain turns may be not allowed or may be limited by regulatory signs or signals .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
mainly salmon flies , these are JJ patterns that are made from mostly rare and beautiful materials and NNS , such as NNS from golden NNPS , NNPS , NNPS , and NNP VBD NNS ( only 2 known patterns use NNP NNP NNP NNS ) .	39	40	VBP	use	uses
NNP NNP 's agent VBD that `` the player literally gets zero advantage from [ the posting system ] .	8	10	VBZ	gets	get
NNP tries to demonstrate it but the machine puts NNP in a NN ( `` help !	7	8	VBZ	puts	put
NNP VBZ out of the house and asks rose to go and phone the doctor , as his wife 's baby is about to be born .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
schools in the area are morgan academy secondary school , NNP primary school and NNP primary school .	0	4	VBP	are	is
a group of 250 NNP jewish NNS were shot nearby the jewish cemetery in NNP ( where the holocaust monument stands now ) .	19	20	VBZ	stands	stand
that site belongs to the colorado geological survey , and i see no indication that their content is licensed under a free license as required of wikipedia images ; they do seem to be selling content .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
one assumes that the duchy of NNP is something to do with wilhelm of NNP , since he is given a combined title higher up the page .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
lines between which the ball begins each play .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
many linux NNS ship a single , generic NN image - one that the distribution 's developers intend will boot on as wide a variety of hardware as possible .	16	17	VBP	intend	intends
no one requires a 1000 thousand text .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
often a JJ response can be felt in the muscle by running your finger NN to the muscle 's direction ; this NN response often VBZ the `` all or nothing '' response in a muscle that causes it to contract .	23	25	VBZ	activates	activate
i agree with consensus that high schools are notable .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the fund is for the families of victims .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
smaller schools are better for artists and writers who are looking for individual NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in comparison , the use of a generator requires only apparatus and materials commonly available in a laboratory .	4	8	VBZ	requires	require
the first mention of the road , however , is from CD when the NNP was founded on the street .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
if the average mark is more than 3 but less than 4 then NNS of VBN NN to remove NNS and JJ information loss is supposed .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the novel features one of NNP 's JJ characters , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
tv stations are available , along with a NN of other information .	1	2	VBP	are	is
women 's programs consist of basketball , soccer , softball , volleyball , golf , cross country .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
this category includes information pertaining to the coaches associated with the NNP lady tigers softball team representing louisiana state university in NNP rouge , louisiana .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP san giovanni railway station ( ) is the main station serving the city and NN of NNP , in the region of NNP , northern italy .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the well ordering theorem follows easily from NNP 's NNP .	3	4	VBZ	follows	follow
the estate of NN howard NNP owns the rights to the radio broadcast .	1	6	VBZ	owns	own
this latter `` JJ '' form is also RB plural .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NN levels control female JJ stem cell maintenance via the NN in NNP .	1	2	VBP	control	controls
fate tells him to rest , and NNP 's soul leaves his body for the great beyond .	9	10	VBZ	leaves	leave
JJ designs include JJ and JJ meters and turbine meters .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the band primarily consists of peter NNP who also plays drums in baby teeth .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
a reporting and tracking system keeps track of which players visit the casino sites , and through which channels , and the NNS are paid accordingly .	4	5	VBZ	keeps	keep
many mechanisms proposed for JJ processes are poorly understood and often fail to explain all relevant phenomena .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the new complex , spread across two buildings and seven floors , has a focus on active creative production in all disciplines , and on the further advancement of cultural identity in new zealand .	2	12	VBZ	has	have
the book looks at markets in a number of different settings around the world .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
this portion of the route is very JJ , as it was constructed to follow the NNS of the land by moving RB , rather than JJ or via cuts .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
softball 's governing body for men and women is the softball federation .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
it is a relatively rare central eclipse where the moon passes in front of the center of the earth 's shadow .	9	10	VBZ	passes	pass
this set of guidelines is however by no means RB accepted ; NNP and NNP supplied no evidence to support it , VBG it instead on personal opinion .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS are common in children due to problems with the immune system 's NNP VBD response that in some patients is due to an absent or JJ NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
advantages claimed for a `` NN NN '' include improved patterns , reduction of NN , and an increase of NN in a NN that does not have JJ NN tubes .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
the game is out of production and RB considered `` NN '' , if that matters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
picture NNS include a unique extended version of `` never turn away '' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
one light house is present in NNP that is part of the NNP village .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a grand hotel is a large and JJ hotel , especially one built in a traditional architectural style .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the instruments typically record average u and average v every sample interval and time every hour .	1	3	VBP	record	records
the fifth opening theme used from episodes CD is `` NNP '' by NNP and the sixth and current opening theme used from episode 65 NN is `` clear '' by the NNP .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
however , the tale gradually changes tone until NNP knight becomes more JJ and the NNP in the wind finds arthur NN over death and his legacy .	3	5	VBZ	changes	change
the subject matter is generally regarded as dark NN and contains JJ elements include religion , mental health and the NN .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
as this is an JJ work , the goal is not JJ NN but instead an emphasis on the NN of color presented by the NN of the work .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this price is not right for wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many JJ areas are RB to heavily VBN by humans for food gathering ( e .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a physical environment that contains JJ features makes psychological patient state worse .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make
in a typical operation ( for example , NNP submarines ) , a surface vessel carries passengers to an offshore operating area , where passengers are VBN with those of the submarine .	14	15	VBZ	carries	carry
NNP 's vision of the future for newspapers online is that if readers are targeted and the content offered is of a high quality , people will be willing to pay for it .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the signature hole is the 13th , a JJ , par 4 , which is located at the highest point on the course and offers beautiful view of the course and the surrounding valley .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the average altitude is low , about 60 m on the sea level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several retail NNS sell NN NNS and JJ gasoline .	2	3	VBP	sell	sells
the state highway runs from md 75 near new windsor north to md CD near NNP .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
i spent a fair amount of time looking this over , the raw numbers are 19 delete votes to 4 keeps , so starting at that level there seems to be a pretty good delete consensus .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i think wikipedia lacks a few controls and checks to balance out this NN ( those need to be addressed ) , but overall the spirit of wikipedia is pretty JJ NN .	25	28	VBZ	is	are
after identifying the evil creatures , which have VBN in force and RB organized as a threat to the village of NNP , the player characters have the opportunity to VB the creatures ' plans and ensure the safety of the little town .	25	26	VBP	have	has
SYM - the first movement is in a classical NN form .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i think those questions are appropriate .	3	4	VBP	are	is
its waters VBP through a creek into the NNP river and then in the red deer river .	1	2	VBP	drain	drains
males mature sexually at long and females at long .	0	1	VBP	mature	matures
with perennial NNS , the same representation of the year serves for every year .	6	10	VBZ	serves	serve
they commonly VBP when NNS are not JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the village is also close to NNP , NNP and NNP castle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the civil parish of NNP consists of the village of NNP and the hamlet of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	consists	consist
within those limitations i believe the article meets all the criteria for featured status .	6	7	VBZ	meets	meet
while `` speaking books '' are a relatively novel form of approaching people , they have the potential to become effective tools in spreading critical health information to VBN or difficult to reach communities .	3	5	VBP	are	is
this is primarily notable because it immediately VBZ the NNP sports complex ( home of both NNP stadium and NNP stadium ) and also because the entrance NNS from NNP IN onto NNP NN also serve as the exit NNS from NNP into the NNP sports complex parking lots .	27	35	VBP	serve	serves
i have not seen any negative or JJ NN on his part , and although his article talk edit level is somewhat low , his talk page if filled with users VBG his good NNS .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
NN artists to NNS such NNS include the NNP painter and the NNP painter , later ones the NNP painter and the NNP painter .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
this category is for wikipedians involved in any kind of swing dancing , including NNP hop , west coast swing , and east coast swing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the railway station is about away from the center of the town .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP ) , this particular list is trivial .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
primarily involving JJ squad combat , the game allows players to improve the individual units in their squadron with NNS , abilities and equipment .	7	8	VBZ	allows	allow
the JJ fault model is a logical fault model because no delay information is associated with the fault definition .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the first sixteen chapters are about how to break up the NN and make `` a more perfect union '' that creates what abraham lincoln called a government `` of the people , by the people , and for the people .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in any event , the important issue is that my request at the page VBZ the confusion VBN by that page .	10	14	VBZ	fixes	fix
the JJ product of a NN and the corresponding NN is always 0 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
almost every school that ever existed has some notable alumni , because pretty much every notable person of the past two centuries at least went to elementary and middle school , so chances are that one person of note went to any given school .	32	33	VBP	are	is
i do n't care PRP they feel this behaviour is acceptable - it clearly is n't .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
if this is considered an JJ usage of administrator privileges , i do RB request that an administrator other than NNP VBZ my account at the english wikipedia ( [ 7 ] with an arbitrary new username ) .	17	21	VBZ	deletes	delete
comment if you do , perhaps not english , but in spanish if and have already placed many references to it which make mention and the book is checked if existed .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
i think this ask will be very easily met , my impression is that NNP has a very strong NN of both subject and sources .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the song also contains a NN on NNP NNP 's and stuart NNP 's `` georgia on my mind '' .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the barrier is used to ensure that the NN gets a head start .	8	9	VBZ	gets	get
no longer considered a separate syndrome , NNP syndrome is today considered to be a variation of NNP type iv .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the school is now a modern educational centre on a forty NN campus serving a diverse community of students .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the version numbers indicate the starting version of a supported feature .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
NN comes back from jail and is shocked to see that his only son is a good for nothing NN , but can do nothing about it .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
and yes , it is an JJ keep ; NNP is a household name in canada , and people are , if not more likely to search for her specifically than for NNP , certainly equally likely .	18	19	VBP	are	is
under the constitution , the president 's NN power extends only to federal criminal NNS .	8	9	VBZ	extends	extend
the NN NNP ( also op ) is a more general term that encompasses craft , NN , toy , and JJ items that are out of production .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this image is a first edition book cover of historical significance which VBZ the text next to which it appears , which describes the book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the subdivision has its headquarters at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN of automatic tracking is that , depending on the algorithm , the computer can be easily confused as it tracks objects through the scene .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
op , i think the problem is philosophical .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP people use the wood for NN and NN , and straight stems for poles .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
there is to date no JJ european system for patent NN , so the courts of each NNP NNP state retain the final say .	14	20	VBP	retain	retains
in `` JJ '' theory only NNS have the right to VB .	6	7	VBP	have	has
many visitors come to do JJ research in the museum .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
this category consists of active and defunct u .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
i think , when you have worked through my various points , it would be good to have a final NN pass before the article goes forward .	24	25	VBZ	goes	go
this username makes it easy to distinguish full name .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the book gives instruction and tips on using digital cameras to take unique photographs .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
the total number of participants who actually voted is 9 , CD .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
a feminist blog presents the issues of NN through a blog .	2	3	VBZ	presents	present
the interchange form of an NNP application consists of the resources ( files ) that represent the compiled application prior to its actual execution by an NNP user agent .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist
music , unreleased albums are not notable without substantial coverage in reliable , third-party sources .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP 's mission is to capture a giant and a `` green dwarf '' for his JJ show .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the correct action is to undergo dispute resolution , starting with convincing the deleting admin .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the class provides no armor NNS and the worst attack NN .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
NNP patterns have a mathematical basis , so JJ NNS serve as a visual reference that takes the place of continuous NN counting and reduces a NN 's error rate .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the leaf blades are a dark NN of green .	2	3	VBP	are	is
delete unsourced non-notable movies , was tagged speedy but movies are n't in the a7 NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
but before readers RB take this for a JJ novel , the book 's NN adds , `` but for all its NN to the JJ NN , its plot is the traditional one of the search .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
but my main motivation for wanting his adminship is the work he 's doing on pages with adult content .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
that design choice makes the effective resistance of the VBN portion to be NNP .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
i explained why these few words are absolutely relevant and not at all trivial .	5	6	VBP	are	is
no comment on the ip , but the named accounts are almost certainly .	9	10	VBP	are	is
it is inappropriate that the people who are being supervised are those doing the NN .	5	10	VBP	are	is
NNS , evolution , and JJ genus name , NNP , means `` NN '' in greek , while the species name , NN , means `` VBN '' or `` VBN '' in latin , a reference to the dorsal crest found in NN cubs .	21	25	VBZ	means	mean
air shows , hundreds of planes , and many other attractions keep the tourists coming back for more each year .	1	11	VBP	keep	keeps
in addition to its weapons and two miniature NNP CD cars , the toy comes with a JJ NNP car that features an opening NN , JJ wings and a NNP driver figure .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
sweet rush turns to be a sort of deep , calm and JJ meditation about death and love .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
question it appears to me to be a NN of the NNP math located in chennai .	0	2	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP says its activities differ from social development projects due to the NN of NN , or devotion to god , in its work .	3	4	VBP	differ	differs
the goal of the NNP is to stop the ongoing pollution , clean up the existing NN and restore the watershed .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of NNP NNS .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
i do think his user name needs to be changed and filed a report about that .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
these platforms include hardware management NNS based on the intelligent platform management interface ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the fictional tom 's life also resembles the author 's in that the VBG event of his school career was a cricket match .	4	6	VBZ	resembles	resemble
his continuing albeit JJ attempt to VB me clearly VBZ wikipedia policy .	4	9	VBZ	violates	violate
the agencies of the united nations recognize same-sex marriages if and only if the country of citizenship of the employees in question recognizes the marriage .	14	22	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
the vision is to employ the NN and NN of younger generations in advancing humanity through the peaceful uses space '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
voice casting is not present and although linking to another article on characters is present , a summary of key characters is n't there , budget has not been included .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this variation is not part of the official rules , but has proved popular with casual players in some regions ( e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , this subject is not about what you think since you do not have any academic degree in subject .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it is suggested that VBN light has the power to destroy one NN within the JJ disk .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the lake is spring fed and is also fed by the big creek .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the program also has components involving total metres VBN by clubs and virtual NNS where individual and club metres achieved are VBN on maps .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the school is a member of the federation of british international schools in south east asia ( NNP ) , association of international malaysian schools and the council of international schools .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i also challenge , and i continue to deny that your NNP reference is valid in this context for technical reasons , but the other 2 you give are certainly valid .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
ruth is deeply JJ , and when mark finds out what has happened , he VBZ that their marriage is over .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
one path seeks to create wholly JJ , JJ free environment as in virtual reality , the other seeks a lower cost , more restricted device .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek
if an editors shows that he knows that facts should be sourced and has been here for some time ( like , say , a month , sometimes less ) then i , for one , am content .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
we are here to decide whether the movement is notable enough to be covered in its own article .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the 3 to 6 eggs , each laid 2 days apart , are JJ with fine JJ NNS all over .	4	12	VBP	are	is
the chase begins in full force , and the NNP gains on the road runner , VBZ off the rocket slightly , and VBZ to VB his NNS into the road runner .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
within the male territories the males create or use display platforms , in the case of the NNP NNP it is a mound of bare soil , in the albert 's NNP it is simply a NN of NNS on the forest floor .	5	6	VBP	create	creates
the highway also VBZ NNP in NNP bend and serves as a NN between NNP and NNP and for NNS between phoenix and NNP as well as san diego .	1	3	VBZ	intersects	intersect
the source of the mo NN river is in the northern hills of NNP and NNP in NNP , and in tibet .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
however , the really important things are to have a good eye for composition , and to be in the right place at the right time .	5	6	VBP	are	is
i decided like NNP ( NNP animated ) that this article needs at the minimum needs a deletion .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
this title is unacceptable and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the value network approach addresses both financial and JJ assets and NNS , it VBZ NNS and NNS beyond the JJ NNS of financial return and operational performance - to also include leading NNS for strategic capability and system NN .	4	5	VBZ	addresses	address
brain NN science only determines whether the information tested is stored in the brain of the subject or not .	2	4	VBZ	determines	determine
the technical offices that are frequently found in NNP missions include health and family planning , education , environment , democracy , and economic growth .	2	10	VBP	include	includes
his most famous films include NNP VBP NN ( 1958 ) , NNP NNP ( 1974 ) , atlantic city ( 1981 ) , my dinner with NNP ( 1981 ) , and au NN , les NNS ( 1987 ) .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the parameter is not present in the current template code so it 's completely ignored when the template is called .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
snakes are not RB capable of such behavior .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in addition , some parts of the immediate area surrounding west plains are covered by rural schools .	4	12	VBP	are	is
the city 's sole airport includes both domestic and international flights .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
the underlying principle shared by NNP 's NNS , currently , NNP continues its research into improving access to science technology and agricultural information RB available on the web , under the NNP umbrella .	2	12	VBZ	continues	continue
and at this point any further discussion is NN , as we have the google cache and a JJ copy hosted by NNP on his or her personal website .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP descriptions of the web services are also provided , in case an application wants to directly call the web services .	14	15	VBZ	wants	want
the city has three library buildings , including a renovated main library at CD main street in the downtown section .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
reasonably well VBN facts all indicate that use in wiki will not result in any monetary loss to copyright holder .	3	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
the objective here is to complete the tracks in the JJS time to win a place on the fastest time score board .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
today , the local economy is more JJ and its situation is more in line with that of france as a whole .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP messages read by major NNP .	1	2	VBP	read	reads
this contact and NN of JJ peoples with NNP peoples and the influence of this processes on language RB VBZ the picture presented by comparative linguistic research .	1	15	VBZ	processes	process
the sources i note above specifically compare organic food to conventional food , and i suspect we need that type of sourcing here , not just sources that says NNS can be harmful ( which no one seriously disputes ) .	1	6	VBP	compare	compares
other terms that are used RB with NNP are mexican americans , NNPS , and NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is
originally , the party takes its roots from the electoral bloc `` forward , ukraine !	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
NNP , if you really feel that these forms of torture are notable and need to be covered on wikipedia , please consider adding them here , rather than creating stubs for each one .	8	11	VBP	are	is
disruptive editing , this proposed guideline serves to document the community 's methods for VBG disruption and the NN of wikipedia volunteers ' time .	5	6	VBZ	serves	serve
unfortunately , not many people want to review it .	4	5	VBP	want	wants
players pick a battle zone on NNP island and fight on it , with the winning side taking control of the zone .	0	1	VBP	pick	picks
the charles NNP award is presented by the NNP society to a person under 40 whose work reflects excellence and promise in the science of NN .	16	17	VBZ	reflects	reflect
image looks great now that the white thing around it is gone .	0	1	VBZ	looks	look
the language families proposed for inclusion in NNP vary , but all NNPS agree on a common core of language families , with differences of opinion appearing over the inclusion of additional families .	2	13	VBP	agree	agrees
the governing body for rugby union in the NNPS is rugby NNPS , founded in 1963 and their headquarters is located in NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the voyage of the hudson to NNP is also troubled , as tension rises among the members of the expedition .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP effect occurs principally when the NN width is greater than half of the JJ carrier frequency .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
the long period of NN of the westminster NNP by westminster abbey is an example ; until the 19th century it was only regarded as a useful piece of timber .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the area of NNP municipality , also known as NNP , is 36 .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
at the event , he demonstrated the companies own NN based application .	7	8	VBP	own	owns
some scientists at least think the the true poles may have moved .	1	4	VBP	think	thinks
this unique development combines both the JJ efforts and the formal NN activities into a single initiative , and includes a wide spectrum of participants .	2	3	VBZ	combines	combine
the articles in question are subject to sanctions .	1	4	VBP	are	is
for example , the spelling `` NNP '' appears on the local government 's english language NN as seen at its web portal , NNP is also the origin of NNP 's designated internet country code JJ domain .	4	25	VBZ	is	are
complex problems have simple , JJ , wrong answers .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the copyright problem then goes away immediately , and more time can be taken to rescue articles , with effort drawn from lots of people not normally active on copyright issues .	2	4	VBZ	goes	go
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in south 24 NNP district in the indian state of west bengal .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the company also operates a professional studio , VBG skilled NN providing full frame restoration services as well as precise frame NN .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
the point of my argument was not simply to cast a vote , because a discussion is not just a NN poll , but to examine what can be done .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the only NN NN type b accessible in the united states is NNP .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
across the book NNP always picks on the NNS and the NNS with her made up song `` VBG NNS in the NNPS NNP '' .	2	5	VBZ	picks	pick
other popular types of pattern include JJR bond and VB ; with the latter being better suited to paved areas that will only receive light foot traffic , due to its JJR bond .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the results of official investigation by british authorities remain secret .	1	8	VBP	remain	remains
the external links were fine as they were , the template is ugly .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
from a NN of above sea level in the northwest of NNP , the surface gradually VBZ , particularly in the south and east , being the lowest along the river NNP .	14	16	VBZ	descends	descend
the post is more probably a victorian marker for a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
spectrum with grey background , hope this one is right .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
many tourists travel large distances through the country during their stays , typically using coach lines or hire cars .	1	2	VBP	travel	travels
the string VBZ against the wood and is somewhat JJ because the VBG portion of the string is in direct contact with the flesh of the player 's finger .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
better modes for rectangular NN in JJ NNS are NNP and NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the total generating capacity of the project is 5 , CD mw .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a precursor of NNP NNS is the NNP talk command , and similar facilities on earlier systems which enabled multiple users on one host system to directly talk with each other .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
shows the NN mentioned in the article well , so a head shot has definite NNP .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the minimum mass is two and a half times more than NNS , suggesting it is a gas giant .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
they always tell you that when you call tech support , before a real person ever answers the phone .	14	16	VBZ	answers	answer
the products n ( JJ ) count the number of combinations of n elements taken two at a time .	1	6	VBP	count	counts
programs have only NN , and NN is insufficient for NNS .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the three decades covered by the CD letters in this collection provide the context for her major contributions as a political activist , feminist and writer .	2	11	VBP	provide	provides
this list includes their NNP language names .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
participants include JJ private equity professionals , NNS , corporate development officers , NNS , lawyers and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
JJ district is one of the RB located district in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
named in honour of NNP NNP , features include two linked NNS with a fountain and NNS ; the NNP de NNP JJ venue ; the NNP cultural centre , a monument to adam NNP des NNP , as well as playing fields and tennis courts .	7	8	VBP	include	includes
this means that a player only gets to attack or defend with many of the original lion and hook NNS once each before they lose their powers .	4	6	VBZ	gets	get
while on the station , NNP 's troops commit several questionable acts , including attacking the NNP NN NNP NNP , and searching ships without NNS in NNP space .	7	8	VBP	commit	commits
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately north-east of NNP and north-east of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site also includes the NNP family cemetery , surrounded by a NN iron fence and comprising the graves of william NNP ( d .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
in this film , JJ german actors such as NNP NNP , paul NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP appear alongside the children of other stars of that earlier era .	6	20	VBP	appear	appears
this small adult education centre offers part time courses for the local community in queens park .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
each role has its own responsibility .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP article is very well written .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article mentions both democrats and republicans as members .	1	2	VBZ	mentions	mention
another NN for this species is that food is often lacking in their habitats , so they VBP for this NN of food with JJ behavior .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
feminist organizations are an NN , a blend of JJ and social movement NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the reason for the NNS between this list and the list for 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , is because the NNP man asked me to change this list ( on his review above ) .	1	18	VBZ	is	are
in outline , the key to NNP 's construction of his system is to VB enough of the NNP machinery to talk about NN RB without being able to VB NN .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ instruments do not VB that firms use specific technologies , or that all firms reduce their emissions by the same amount , which allows firms greater NN in their approaches to pollution management .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
NNP airport is in need of a NNP instrument landing system ( NNP ) for receiving flights during winters as the NNP NNP that exists at the airport is not of much help during heavy winter NN when the NN drops to 500 metres .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
regardless of exactly how the NNP concept of time is best VBN , most specialists agree with NNP that all humans VBP time by an NN with space , although some recent studies have also questioned this universal .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
forest stands RB contain more than an occasional NN tree , although in local areas it may be abundant .	1	3	VBP	contain	contains
political NN is a NN of political science that studies the JJ methods used to study politics .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another popular theory is that NNP de NNP settled in what is now el salvador , in land which had been granted to NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , his writing is rare novel style for readers who appreciate a sophisticated art of NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
moss VBZ , `` the ultimate truth remains JJ out of reach .	6	7	VBZ	remains	remain
the composition section seems more like it could be called structure .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
an organ at NNP lutheran church in new NNP , new jersey , is the first documented organ in that state ; the first organ in pennsylvania also arrives in this year .	24	28	VBZ	arrives	arrive
this article lacks references and is written like an essay .	1	2	VBZ	lacks	lack
new JJ policies are under consideration and will be implemented in the near future .	2	3	VBP	are	is
you can only use this feature if your account is more than 4 days old .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the two countries have since enjoyed a JJ JJ relationship .	2	3	VBP	have	has
she VBZ NNP 's diagnosis and VBZ that a NNP attack is JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
episode CD sits in a prison cell , telling herself that crime of passion is a legitimate defence in france , referring to when she VBD saint 's casual sex partner .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
i believe the movie you are VBG is the NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
from NNP , the river VBZ to the coastal NNS , passing by santiago NNP and VBZ into the pacific ocean , northwest of san NNP , in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	descends	descend
if this is kept , then those policies and guidelines seem invalid ; if they are , that raises bigger questions , including whether or not NNS should exist at all .	7	10	VBP	seem	seems
the NN links are at the top in my skin , so presumably its just a matter of VBG with the standard NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
february 2012 ( utc ) also NNP 's summary `` JJ per blp -- some of those are n't even the same person '' is false .	8	24	VBZ	is	are
the company also makes several varieties of hard bread ( NN ) , a NN of the newfoundland diet formerly used by NNS as a bread substitute and as an NN in fish and NN .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
alan brown suggests that berlin VBZ the fact that values are indeed JJ as they can be compared by their varying contributions towards the human good .	9	10	VBP	are	is
furthermore , your suggestion that the JJ map should point to this NN also sounds RB reasonable .	3	14	VBZ	sounds	sound
this album is a collaboration with NNP julius ( der NNP ) , with whom douglas p .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP mine is a large mine located in the south-eastern russia in NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the press sometimes refers to her as `` the NNP NNP '' .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the program also offers the possibility to follow historic records with annually changing input values ( e .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
nursing students , medical students , residents , NNS , and other physicians from various institutions around the world , VBP through the stone clinic and mentor with stone .	1	20	VBP	rotate	rotates
the foundation is based in NNP , switzerland , and its goal is to promote technological assistance project in humanitarian NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
they soon discover that the murder at the NNP parliament is part of a campaign by a new sixth clan to take over the ways .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
its logo has white and red colors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNP generation of the toyota NNP NNP and toyota NNP NNP is a small , lightweight NN introduced by toyota in 1983 as part of the fifth generation toyota NNP lineup .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
rolling stone stated that `` the band 's piano rock suggests a more JJ , less JJ NNP .	9	10	VBZ	suggests	suggest
if it does not fail , then either the proposed `` new '' feature already exists or the test is JJ .	13	15	VBZ	exists	exist
the NN provides the water supply for the city of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
according to these NNS , all the songs on the `` album '' are cover songs on which fletcher sings lead vocals .	7	13	VBP	are	is
the NNP ( JJ breast NNP ) approach is JJ for the NN of JJ , JJ breast NNS , usually of the JJ variety .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
however , this is less and less true as the project VBZ and such usage is often a red flag indicating fringe pov pushing .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
as far as whether a NN language is actually easier than a NNP tool , that depends entirely on the user .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the two 14 line parts of the poem again VBZ a formal poetic style , the NN and again it is a broken and JJ version of this form .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
the fees are from NNP CD to VB CD RB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
many articles which are supported by the animation wikiproject are also within the scope of other NNS , many of which have peer reviews departments are well .	24	25	VBP	are	is
one survivor NNP is a 1995 documentary short film by NNP NNP in which holocaust survivor NNP NNP klein VBZ her JJ NN as a victim of nazi NN , including the loss of her parents , brother , friends , home , possessions , and community .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
in `` NNS , '' jefferson wrote that slavery was VBG to both white and black society and that man is an `` JJ animal .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the oral history also indicates that in the JJ century , the NN of NNP peoples in the northern portion of their range caused the NNP to move to the south of their territory .	2	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
they simply tell the reader that a unit in the game exists and describe the units .	7	11	VBZ	exists	exist
the orchestra still follows these principles today .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
better , but your lead is still a mess .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ habitats are RB JJ , depending on what ocean NNS are doing .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN grass appears as a NN of NNS .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
in geography , a cliff is a significant vertical , or near vertical , rock exposure .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the only solution is to move it to a JJ cell , or outside the table .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these two sentences are pov and need citations and a NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NN base here provides a launch NN for maritime patrols and long range radar surveillance .	2	4	VBZ	provides	provide
the beach needs serious attention and consideration of the city government , as the area has become increasingly dirty and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
clay courts are cheaper to construct than other types of tennis courts , but the maintenance costs of a clay surface are higher than those of hard courts .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the assertion that `` article writing is not a JJ requirement for admins '' is one of personal opinion , not fact .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
listed are all the albums in order of their release ( list of minor NNS is partial ) , not including NNS , unless they charted .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the tribe mainly lives in the hills of NNP and the north NNP districts of the NNP state of india .	1	3	VBZ	lives	live
the skull is largely unknown , perhaps with the exception of the brain case represented by specimen NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the newer style is a different type of front with nothing around it , somewhat like a star .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
we have an excellent article on SYM - the extent to which an object RB reflects light from the sun .	13	15	VBZ	reflects	reflect
a JJ or JJ NN has its fabric rolled around the NN rod and is VBN down from above by a separate device ( such as VBN at right ) or by pulling the fabric itself , with NNS using the latter mechanism being called JJ NNS .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP includes JJ output to many devices including several types of image file , graphics display NNS and NNS , NNP devices , and x window .	14	15	VBP	display	displays
a good rule of NN is to include in the lead at least a brief mention of the topics covered in each section of the article .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
of the saint valentine whose feast is on february 14 , nothing is known except his name and that he was buried at the via NNP north of rome on february 14 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP calls the roll as montana throws the medals to the dead on the slope of the hill , while NNP NNP 's title song plays in the background .	3	6	VBZ	throws	throw
the NN of NNP contains a cherry NN .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the term `` spanish rice '' is not used by NNPS or mexican food NNS , and its use probably stems from the fact that the spanish language is spoken in mexico ; the dish is usually simply referred to as NN ( `` rice '' ) in mexico .	18	20	VBZ	stems	stem
if the community wants to talk with me , the community needs to create an environment where that can reasonably be done .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the blue RB is a JJ fish , taking other fish , NNS , NNS and NNS , although very little is known of the species VBP biology .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
if you were to ask me is britain an JJ society , the answer is RB and obviously no .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the other two volumes treat thousands of ancient and modern words of european languages , that should be related to the JJ NNP languages , like hebrew , arabic , sanskrit , chinese and many more african languages .	3	4	VBP	treat	treats
this category contains players who are playing or have played for NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the lady tigers softball team also gives players opportunities to receive athletic NNS from four-year institutions across the country .	4	6	VBZ	gives	give
rather than simple NN , the cause of death seems be NN of too much water through the skin .	6	9	VBZ	seems	seem
the club is germany 's record rugby union champion , with 20 titles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
why thank you , the wiki on a stick seems like what i want .	5	9	VBZ	seems	seem
this study covers several recurring problematic JJ patterns , the forces that VBP their repeated adoption , and JJ JJ actions , called VBN solutions .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the neighboring harbor of NNP is the site of the largest naval base in chile .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
no claims as to notability appear in the text .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
wikipedia articles are not collections of jokes and wikipedia is not a joke book .	1	2	VBP	are	is
they provide NNP ' NN , NNP ' helmet of NN , and NNP 's NN , and the gods use these weapons to defeat the titans .	19	20	VBP	use	uses
when NNP NNP announces to the truck stop that large NNP sent him , one customer VBZ that this particular evening is the anniversary of said accident .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
i can understand the first part of the sentence being the videos that surface and then are VBN by everyone , but for the second part of the sentence , the way it 's written , such an approach seems JJ .	31	39	VBZ	seems	seem
another reason for declining is that susan VBZ NNP 's words about susan being weak , that being the reason people help her , not because they love her .	20	21	VBP	help	helps
many music NNS know NNP through his appearance in the concert film , a performance remarkable for the fact that NNP 's vocal tracks appear substantially as he sang them during a VBG concert .	23	24	VBP	appear	appears
most NNS are NNP , it service NN and media service NN , but several large enterprises with many brand names have also become a NN , or participant as NNP calls them , which is a quite uncommon phenomenon in the domain name industry .	28	31	VBZ	calls	call
the oldest NNS in the world are from here and nearby in argentina ( like the NNP ) , which suggests that the first NNS may have originated in the area .	2	6	VBP	are	is
each shooter will have his or her own table of NNS , and the winner of the round is the shooter whose entire NN of NNS hits the ground first .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
body mass ranges from .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
but other editors and reviewers have different NNS on the matter , and the current form seems to have attained some stability .	15	16	VBZ	seems	seem
since both share the NN room , NNP VBZ they divide up their property and separate .	5	8	VBZ	proposes	propose
finally , from NNP it continues to the town of NNP , where the line VBZ .	14	15	VBZ	terminates	terminate
research shows that poverty and income affect the NN for the NN of high school .	0	1	VBZ	shows	show
cd single format is too small ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
clearly one code is not better than another ; each possesses its own aesthetic , its own possibilities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the title , in its variant form `` NNP '' , is especially common amongst muslim NNS in bengal and the punjab .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the rising point of the sun varies throughout the year .	2	6	VBZ	varies	vary
each disc comes in a JJ NN and has JJ center labels .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
passenger railway usage and density is lower than that of greater tokyo or greater osaka , as generally the trend in japan , few free maps exist of the entire network , operators show only the stations of a their respective company and key transfer points .	25	26	VBP	exist	exists
the story takes place between the years of JJ .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
NNP NNS are a NNP professional football club based in san miguel .	1	2	VBP	are	is
time is also usually extended to allow for a penalty kick at goal or a conversion to be taken .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNP is the place for asking whether a source is reliable or not .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
looks to me like you both need to take a NN NN .	0	6	VBP	need	needs
NNP has formally taken responsibility for the photos ; the issue is whether legal liability flows from that .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's screen credits include the anderson tapes , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP talks , NNP , and private parts .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
this source is surely rich in NNS , thus not fully reliable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main objective of this institution is to VB knowledge to the students in different fields .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
RB , clearly your google skills are better than mine .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NN NNS are RB made from cast iron or steel and most have JJ glass doors that allow the flames of the fire to be viewed while the JJ doors remain closed , making the fire more efficient .	29	30	VBP	remain	remains
NNP has removed the word `` controversial '' claiming that it 's unsourced and that the book is only controversial to NNS covered by the book .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
looks like poor NNP , unless she has JJ RB like this female [ 4 ] ( not sure the term applies to the latter ) .	20	21	VBZ	applies	apply
if more than one player can call NNP , the player with the lowest sum is the round winner , or all players with the same lowest sum are the round winners ( but never the player who declared `` NNP '' ) .	22	28	VBP	are	is
based on this , the authors conclude that any possible JJ hidden variable theory consistent with quantum mechanics must be highly JJ .	5	6	VBP	conclude	concludes
the ultimate objective of classical NNP NN is to replace VBN NN ( VBG ) , JJ and NN , with greater NN and genuine , JJ social feelings .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
since 2007 , the age of consent is equal , regardless of sex .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
it is unclear if these seed NN VBZ evolved for NN between plants and animals to increase seed JJ success or if these NNS are simply formed from JJ JJ interactions .	23	24	VBP	are	is
the reference to the `` ring of NNS '' seems to suggest that his NN rulers combined to throw off the NN of the NNP raja but were unsuccessful .	1	9	VBZ	seems	seem
individual university are courses are not inherently notable in NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the article on NNP is a bit different however .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ player is the player who , over the previous 52 weeks , has garnered the most atp ranking points .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a hook occurs when the NN is closed relative to the NN or with an JJ NN and thus flies severely from right to left or vice NN for a JJ player .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the updated talk matters system now includes talk topics between all members of the party , instead of topics between the party 's NNP and the main character .	4	6	VBZ	includes	include
the company has huge number of NN hits .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the formation of sea ice is also a process of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
her compositions include songs , works for piano , chamber music , orchestral and JJ works , choral works , and operas .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this article in fact requires a greater expansion and a dedicated timeline that covers what happened to the muslims in the JJ times , the NNP era and the post-war present day persecution that is being VBN out .	1	4	VBZ	requires	require
also this time adds the npov tag .	2	3	VBZ	adds	add
observation '' '' NNP has a long history of doing patrol work , and from this users log that seems to be the only function that this user has been able to provide .	0	4	VBZ	has	have
web searches find a lot of references , but every single one ( their website , NN , myspace , forums , etc .	1	2	VBP	find	finds
but every film here gets money from government for production and advertising .	2	4	VBZ	gets	get
i want to stress that NN tools are useful and of huge importance , but above all we are editors here ( wikipedia is an NN ; and VBP with active NNS but inactive editors are VBN to VB !	6	7	VBP	are	is
former NNP players hold many of the canadian hockey league 's career and single season offensive records .	2	3	VBP	hold	holds
sea NNS are however JJ sea snails , and some species are extremely large .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the sri NNP government apparently stated that , `` the NNP 's biggest supporter in india is defence minister george NNP .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
however , the NNS escape on NNS during a NN between grant 's team and stuart 's men .	3	4	VBP	escape	escapes
the village is north east of norwich , south east of NNP and north-east of london .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other side of JJ freedom is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
load NN , load matching , or daily peak demand reserve refers to the use of various techniques by electrical power stations to store excess electrical power during low demand periods for release as demand rises .	34	35	VBZ	rises	rise
the book gives an JJ summary of the birth and development of noise control engineering , established theory of noise control engineering disciplines , and completed the establishment of the noise control engineering discipline system .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
in NNP district , the village of NNP is center of the tribe .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
knowledge of JJ traits has been shown to affect how NNS VBP adult and juvenile NNS .	10	11	VBP	perceive	perceives
significant symbols are a later NN of the meaning NN in the act , which meaning is described , or VBN for , in terms of symbols or language ( the philosophy of the act ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
like the drug use ( in the episode are VBN ) , and the questions about NN ( in the episode are about being NN ) .	14	21	VBP	are	is
until another game fits this NN it would be silly for it to have its own article .	2	3	VBZ	fits	fit
the station has a total of 3 NNS , each of which leads the corner of NNP avenue and NNP avenue .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP agree with above , and also , the lead is much too u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a proprietary NN of sugar JJ waste NN and NN NN appears to be the materials of choice .	2	11	VBZ	appears	appear
fan films are the equivalent of vanity publishing .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for example , material from underwater archaeological sites may need to be kept wet , and some very rare and badly JJ objects require JJ environments .	22	23	VBP	require	requires
they would also be quite rare since , as mentioned earlier these pages are quite stable .	12	13	VBP	are	is
males generally are not territorial , and come into conflict only during the NN season .	0	2	VBP	are	is
NN '' features both dual vocal and dual guitar tracks .	0	2	VBZ	features	feature
the system consists of a JJ cluster of NNS connected via an NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
JJ NN RB c member 4 ( NNP ) , also known as the NN JJ protein 4 ( NNP ) or JJ organic NN NN b ( NNP ) , is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	31	VBZ	is	are
according to the paragraph structure of the lead , natural selection is only the elimination of genes .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the question remains simply whether sufficient material can be collected to give this inclusion flesh and blood and a good clear outline .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
new york 's mother then ends up leaving , but not before she tells NNP that he ca n't marry her daughter ( to which NNP VBZ that if he asked new york , she would marry him ) .	3	5	VBZ	ends	end
an NNP seal from NNP depicts the JJ JJ female figure with legs VBN and a plant NN from the NN .	2	5	VBZ	depicts	depict
the husband walks out and the NN suspects the wife is considering having an affair .	6	7	VBZ	suspects	suspect
the only thing beyond that is for you to make a note that they are known in the uk and ireland primarily under those names , and to do so in the release sections using your given sources .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the problems including this critical information at NNP NNP seem to stem directly from the JJ edit war .	1	9	VBP	seem	seems
both NNP and NNP are mentioned in the work and the overall story of NNP ( NNP 's son ) bears similarities with the NNP story .	18	20	VBZ	bears	bear
it is yellow brown in tone with raised NNS such as leaves or roses , which are usually given a transparent NN while other parts receive a black NN .	24	25	VBP	receive	receives
i recognize that this article needs a through NN and more references and perhaps more information .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
once upon a time is lucky to have the disney connection , which puts the story in a context that their target audience knows very well , and the writers take advantage of the NN viewers get when they see their favorite cartoon characters brought into three dimensions .	22	23	VBZ	knows	know
support that seems JJ to me .	0	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the first version seems simpler and more powerful to me .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
JJR and five other people constitute the governing body of NNP two .	4	5	VBP	constitute	constitutes
this reference VBZ sullivan 's adoption of the `` henri '' spelling of his middle name towards the end of his life .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the article has no references whatsoever , which VBZ the rules regarding biographies of living people .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
cotton is the main crop on NNP NNP , where the standard of living is below that of NNP .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the principal , NNP NNP , agrees to let them separate children with behavioral difficulties into their own class where they can be targeted and studied .	1	6	VBZ	agrees	agree
the NN is long gone , and NNS now grow where the ruins used to be .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sexual orientation discrimination comes up , for instance , when employers enforce a dress code , permit women to wear NN but not men , or require men and women to only use NNS designated for their particular sex regardless of whether they are VBN .	23	26	VBP	require	requires
another advantage is freedom from JJ NN as the jet is always in use , therefore allowing JJ NNS such as NNS and NNS to be employed , giving the ink the ability to `` VB '' into the NN and dry quickly .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS see the electrical experiments as VBG a key problem with experimental archaeology , saying that such experiments can only show that something was physically possible , but do not confirm that it actually occurred .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
after all , even VBD JJ employees take the occasional day off .	6	7	VBP	take	takes
the vintage books edition includes the original text by du NNP .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
it makes the text hard to understand and i must often guess what that word means by setting it in a context .	14	15	VBZ	means	mean
only two references provided make no mention of this artist anywhere .	2	4	VBP	make	makes
NN services are part of the NNP network - many NNP services represented a couple of train pairs on an NNP route extended across the border , while other routes are served primarily by NNP services .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this week 's NNP comic uses text from `` NNP '' .	4	5	VBZ	uses	use
this mode features the quick race , championship as well as the new career mode , in which the player has to rise through the ranks of the series to become a champion .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the nearest river is the NNP river .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP three bbc stories over a 2 day period are NNS for the article .	3	9	VBP	are	is
elections are about voting and about majority numbers .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the group consists of NNP NNP , jon NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and jane NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
each character can be switched with another one almost RB ; in fact , if the characters are split into 2 teams , the player is able to explore 2 areas separately as well .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the leader is one senator NNP , who is a JJ supporter of the alliance between NNP and the federation , but NNP is not VBN at this news .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
unit initiative and acting outside one 's NN some games the sequence of turns depends on the initiative NN of each unit no matter which side the unit belongs to .	27	28	VBZ	belongs	belong
a new grand NNP was introduced in italy in the 1990s , whose nickname is NNP NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
concrete `` branches '' , covered in NN and wild grass extend from the parliamentary buildings , and provide members of the public with somewhere to sit and VB .	2	11	VBP	extend	extends
the girls face each other and continue their fight .	1	2	VBP	face	faces
major crops include NN , rice and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP river is in the west of the township and the town is six miles away form the river .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
engines used include the NNP JJ engine , the NNP NNP and the VBG NNP NN NNS .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
the song 's lyrics are about VBG to a rich lifestyle .	3	4	VBP	are	is
little does he know that each step RB brings him and NNP closer to what destiny has in store for them .	6	8	VBZ	brings	bring
during the combat missions , the player enters various parts of earth and VBZ out alien NNS either on foot or in a vehicle .	6	7	VBZ	enters	enter
one of the major problem NN this ministry faces at the moment is that none of the boys are willing to serve at the first mass at 6 .	7	8	VBZ	faces	face
the attack VBZ , and jennifer 's people VBP NN .	1	2	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
what the un documents you 're VBG up say bears no relationship whatsoever to what a reasonable person would VB as NN .	3	8	VBP	say	says
typically , JJ species produce more seeds relative to desired native species often giving the JJ species a competitive advantage .	3	4	VBP	produce	produces
a low salt diet appears to increase the risk of death in those with JJ heart failure .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
according to the conditions outlined in the nationality law of the people 's republic of china , authorities may also require `` any other material that the authority believes are related to the nationality application .	27	28	VBZ	believes	believe
the chef in each group with the best dish is eligible for the win ; the chef with the JJS dish in each group is subject to elimination .	16	24	VBZ	is	are
the positive ion retains its element name whereas for a single JJ NN the ending is changed to VB .	2	3	VBZ	retains	retain
the JJ profile of the NNP area is similar to that of neighbouring NNP , and the housing stock in the area is almost totally local authority housing , though of a different form to the bulk of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
i have it on reliable authority that NNP 's personal attack policy is in tears at being called and has posted a `` retired '' template on its page and VBD off .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's home stadium is the NNP NNP , which has a capacity of about 3 , CD , one of the smallest NNS hosting professional football in the netherlands .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this street runs through chelsea , manhattan .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
delete - the article tells us that the library was never completed , was never used , and is no longer available - it might as well have never existed , really .	3	4	VBZ	tells	tell
eagles and their wings also feature prominently as NNS .	0	5	VBP	feature	features
the process begins with a ball of clay .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
if the rule is stability above all else , then policy needs to be taken out of the public domain .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
the arrival of allied aircraft saves NNP , but also VBZ him - NN dropped by one of the aircraft VBZ a young girl travelling with the enemy soldiers .	1	5	VBZ	saves	save
its been here since 2005 anyway and scientists use it for their work .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
the river also passes close to the current airfield at raf NNP , which was originally opened in 1937 as part of raf bomber command .	1	3	VBZ	passes	pass
NN and RB diverse , the team runs along the charles river and has recently joined a new league to compete against private schools .	6	7	VBZ	runs	run
a few concepts of NN are JJ security , JJ NNS , quantum key distribution , and JJ security .	2	5	VBP	are	is
some passages in the old testament agree with at least a few of the claims made on the NN .	1	6	VBP	agree	agrees
NN , this article reads like a high school book review , VBG heavily on plot summary and `` author said this '' type sentences .	3	4	VBZ	reads	read
of the many NN VBG NNP 's shores , the endemic frigate bird is the most impressive .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
when harry 's daughter NNP is kidnapped in changes , the two men meet at a NNP king ( chosen deliberately by harry just to VB NNP ) and NNP RB VBZ him to NNP NNP for help and advice .	12	13	VBP	meet	meets
north florida 's largest metropolitan area is the jacksonville metropolitan area which includes the cities of jacksonville , st .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
day traders ' objective is to make profits by taking advantage of small price movements in highly liquid NNS or NNS as well .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
years pass and as nash grows older he learns to ignore his NNS .	0	1	VBP	pass	passes
NNP NNP VBZ the remains with NN in his parish , considering patron and NN of children , whose NN takes place during the annual festival .	19	20	VBZ	takes	take
its fur is the color of the sand it VBZ in , with a white RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP says real christmas trees are better for environment than artificial ones '' , NNP NNP ( NNP , tennessee ) , november 26 , 2008 , accessed december 14 , 2008 .	4	5	VBP	are	is
for example , the following usage might be appropriate to the JJ claim that `` most people believe in NNS .	16	17	VBP	believe	believes
his assistant is a RB woman , with flowing NNS and VB black hair .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the momentum transfer VBZ a force that causes NN of the tissue , and the time scale of this response is much slower than that of the JJ wave NN .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's edits also seem to be simple edits .	2	4	VBP	seem	seems
the springs are the source of a small river .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the tables in the game are NNS of real tables .	1	5	VBP	are	is
to me , the link seems NN to the topic .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
laws and regulations created by government bodies are also a type of administrative control because they inform the business .	0	7	VBP	are	is
so your justification for continuing to revert is `` i 'm right .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
in the original text , the poem is a NN composed of four lines of five words each .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
these wells feature an JJ pump where the JJ walks in circles around a central drive shaft which turns a wheel that raises water via a chain of NNS from the NN or a well .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
the problem is that it VBZ in the new name field with the old page name .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this list VBZ timeline of musical events .	1	2	VBZ	overlaps	overlap
the line is part of the milan metro and is operated by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the young educated people tend to put there effort in helping NNP economy which has been hit severely by the ongoing protests .	3	4	VBP	tend	tends
linux ] ] whose NNS include [ [ NNP linux ] ] , [ [ NNP linux ] ] , and other JJ NNS .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the school provides a british education , following the english national curriculum from NNP to year 13 .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
NNP railway station is a railway station serving the urban areas of NNP , NNP and NNP which are northern suburbs of NNP , england .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his soundtrack production credits include blade soundtrack and shaft soundtrack .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
delete unreferenced ; associate professors are not usually notable unless strong outside references are provided .	4	5	VBP	are	is
as NNS visit the communities beside the trail , they will see preserved settlements from the pioneer days and old homes , along with red brick NNS .	1	2	VBP	visit	visits
that is certainly not true in respect of the uk , where most people treat most ethnic minorities no differently than they treat anyone else .	13	14	VBP	treat	treats
licensed to NNP , idaho , usa , the station serves the NNP area .	9	10	VBZ	serves	serve
a system of management NNS allows the district flood land within the river channel and to VB hunting , NN and other harassment of wildlife .	1	5	VBZ	allows	allow
i 've heard western girls are very popular in the middle east and japan , maybe white girls are just RB !	17	18	VBP	are	is
VBG issues with me , i suggest we roll this up .	1	6	VBP	suggest	suggests
apparently all the other NNS think the article is a JJ example of NN , since 50 ratings had VBN to 5 .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the important thing is that we learn from our mistakes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
dead , dry leaves make the NNS less JJ and less JJ .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
his interests include classical music and literature .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
from there the road leads to NNP , where it meets the mitchell highway .	3	4	VBZ	leads	lead
however , after a NN gang kills his family , he leaves the force and NNS down and kills all of the gang members .	5	6	VBZ	kills	kill
one popular theory is that the collapse is an NN caused by this physical process , where the NN of two quantum states VBZ into one single definite state .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the NN is a NN , the term may also refer to a NN under the barrel that adds weight , thereby VBG the gun during VBG , VBG NN , and reducing JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when i was a student , i VBP NNS to VB an JJ value for an integration ( such the simpson NN ) because we were taught that many continuous functions have no known primitive .	30	31	VBP	have	has
the block consists of hip hop , pop hop and rhythm and blues music .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
under this criterion , NN a is VBN to VB b if the probability that VBZ a is closer to the true value than NN b is greater than one half .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
just to be sure , i checked the NNP NNP , since the subject is old enough , but did not find this article at [ 1 ] .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the film references a number of urban legends , both by having characters describe them as they 're depicted and by presenting random people VBG them .	1	2	VBZ	references	reference
the name of the village literally means `` low germany '' or `` lower germans '' .	1	6	VBZ	means	mean
his books of essays constitute the integral part of his work , and his extensive correspondence serves as a commentary on his creative activities and philosophy .	1	4	VBP	constitute	constitutes
the NNP family VBZ from the NNP area of NNP , romania .	2	3	VBZ	originates	originate
however , the NNS on a spinning cd are considerable , and a JJ cd ( a small NN , a weak spot , manufacturing error .	3	8	VBP	are	is
the work shows clear influences of the NNP school , the artist having studied hugo van der goes ' NNP NNP , which had been taken to florence in CD by the NNP family for the church of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
a major feature of JJ animals is the use of NN NNS , which in effect provide a NN system that tells a cell where in the body it is , and hence what sort of cell to become .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ i think this person is sufficiently noteworthy .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
without their teeth , the animals are no longer able to VB for themselves in the wild , and must remain in NN for life .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the current name indicates a vague inclusion criteria and NNS of original research .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
but if you do that first , the order of the following steps has to be reversed , at least according to some people .	8	13	VBZ	has	have
coal gas is no longer made in the uk but many NNS sites are still used for storage and NN of natural gas and some of the old NNS are still in use .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the design is intended for NNS where large NN routes meet in an area of dense development and high JJ volume .	9	10	VBP	meet	meets
if this topic were covered by a reliable source , then that reliable source is by definition a fringe source .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are sufficiently JJ and NN with those VBN for other grave crimes , such as rape .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he simply does not see or admit that his behavior is not acceptable here .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
users of the classic skin ( the one true skin ) are probably very familiar with image NN problems , caused by NNS between classic and the default , the NN 's JJ NNP .	0	11	VBP	are	is
the main issue is the lack of good bot NNS who are willing to get their hands dirty with requests that no one else wants .	22	24	VBZ	wants	want
the latin interpretations are the ones most agreed with , given the abundance of latin terms in the NN of the municipality ( such as NNP , from NNP ' ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
found along the avenue of the dead , in between the pyramid of the moon and the NNP , and in the shadow of the massive mountain NNP NNP , the pyramid is part of a large complex in the heart of the city .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
fac ) because people are more willing to compromise to move things along .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as NNS are free to utilize whatever additional values they please , this means that , in the table below , the modes ( and expressed in JJ form ) may not apply to your graphics NN !	1	2	VBP	are	is
another version of NNP resides on the new NNP and is a member of the crime society of america .	1	4	VBZ	resides	reside
although each dog is an individual , they generally are very JJ and get along great with children .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the company is now an NN of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the show is executive produced by NNP NNP and directed by ricky NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tree is JJ in the NN , JJR interior of its range in africa , but JJ NN the coast ; in areas with NN , NN winters it commonly retains its old leaves till after the spring leaf JJ appears .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i believe the book the intelligence of dogs suggests a similar explanation .	3	8	VBZ	suggests	suggest
these statistics come from the national marine manufacturers association , via this news article .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
this number depends directly on how many books in the series have been completed ( `` NNP rank '' ) .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
as with pretty much all drugs , the debate is about benefit vs .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the red NN has one of the longest NNS of any bird .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
along with the NN of what NNS consider truly perfect NN conditions ( due to changing weather and NN condition ) and the JJ hunt for great waves , NNS often become dedicated to their sport in a way that VBZ a more traditional life .	6	7	VBP	consider	considers
the main concern of organ NNS in jewish law for a living jewish NN is whether or not a person is permitted to VB his own life or health in order to save a life of another .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
its color is very dark brown , the NNS are JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment the proposed redirect is to a list which also has no good reason for being in the encyclopedia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the layout of the town is unique in the sense that residential quarter cells were laid out which are bordered by main routes and green strips , with the result that only internal traffic is found within such cells .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
yes , the second division is far from professional .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the issue is the need to VB an obscure reference .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the soft focus of advertising , aerial views of surveillance photography and image NN of print media are NNS of NN .	7	17	VBP	are	is
this discovery turns paul 's world RB down and from that moment , paul VBZ everything to discover the truth behind his father 's death .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
this game mode features a NN NN NN game .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
presently , my code is mostly complete and fully functional .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this complex also includes a NN parking garage .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
NNP ) also , as NNP notes , noise is random , so increased exposure to noise will VB out , somewhat ; while JJ signal will tend to be reinforced .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this JJ distinction VBZ confusion of the NNS and the forms , with the novel being the more important , established fictional form .	2	3	VBZ	avoids	avoid
the supreme court guidelines in the event of a massacre are quite clear .	3	10	VBP	are	is
this specialist master 's degree in finance is a highly specialist , technical NN qualification for professionals with previous financial experience who want to VB their careers in finance .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
in the resulting battle , the NNP were defeated so severely that legend tells even the stones rose up to fight on NNP 's side .	12	13	VBZ	tells	tell
my history of afd NNS is clear .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i have linked announced plans to china space program , although the article section is not very JJ ( there is a main article , which unfortunately VBZ out the info there ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the JJ trees appear again above the JJ trees .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
warning tags are appropriate until a more mature article develops .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this user continues to VB this article under different variations of the name and using JJ reasoning as he does above ( NNP matters for websites , not google ) , despite previous deletion .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
west bank , VBG that the measures are necessary to protect jewish settlers from attacks by palestinian armed groups .	6	7	VBP	are	is
these practices are similar to what we know as NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
examples include all classes of NN preparations for composite or RB , as well as those for gold and NN NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
today , the parish is mainly agricultural , and is noted for giving its name to the JJ NNP NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
simple machines are elementary examples of JJ chains that are used to model mechanical systems ranging from the steam engine to robot NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the grounds of the inn also consist of a restaurant , gift shop , and NN .	1	6	VBP	consist	consists
rainbow NNP pairs defend their feeding and VBG areas RB against other rainbow NNP and other bird species .	2	3	VBP	defend	defends
historical examination of the legends suggests NNP ( christopher ) lived during the christian NNS of the roman emperor NNP , and that he was captured and VBN by the governor of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
however , research has not established whether or not a JJ diet causes high blood pressure .	11	12	VBZ	causes	cause
the only people that know this secret history are mr .	2	8	VBP	are	is
after each goal , the team that VBD the goal takes the next centre pass ; teams alternate taking the first centre pass of each quarter .	5	10	VBZ	takes	take
this category contains articles which have failed an JJ review at wikiproject films .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the title looks like it ought to be something else anyway , like a form letter .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
the first man in the right row with a bunch of NN NNS in hand in JJ steps takes the lead while the last person in the left row joins him .	24	29	VBZ	joins	join
the manor is now a professional school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some NNS consider the higher income and NN of higher ranked jobs to simply be NNS to encourage members of society to obtain the skills necessary to perform important work .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
a recent development is to mount small JJ NNP NN NNS on each camera , which VBZ the distribution network for portable NNS and shooting on location .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
religious sources and media of notable religious organizations are perfectly acceptable reliable sources to establish notability of religious subjects and figures .	1	8	VBP	are	is
RB NNP NNS are ancient NNS used for VBG salmon .	2	3	VBP	are	is
some spirits sit on the NNS , drinking , while others enter the hall from an open NN in a NN .	1	2	VBP	sit	sits
in the grand irish epic of the NNP bo NNP , NNP VBZ armies , so that friendly bands fall in mutual NN .	18	19	VBP	fall	falls
several characters also note how NNP now enjoys hanging out at the nearby coffee shop .	1	3	VBP	note	notes
a mere lack of participation in an afd is not , by itself , evidence of NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP was a genus of moths of the NNP family , it is now considered a NN of NNP , although most species are now in NNP .	22	23	VBP	are	is
prince NNP von NNP of NNP VBZ the town of NNP and VBZ the earl of NNP , actions that the NNP prince takes on behalf of his NN , the NNP NNP prince NNP i NNP .	22	23	VBZ	takes	take
these areas have VBG economic systems , shared natural resources and NNS , and common transportation systems link these population centers together .	16	17	VBP	link	links
rs , and the town in NNP gets more hits , VBP this is non notable .	4	7	VBZ	gets	get
the locations include mile NNS 5 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the formal JJ affiliation of the ruling family is an important point and definitely requires a JJ citation .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
as wikipedia is not a free host or NN provider , this page has no business being in wikipedia .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's design process is often JJ , rather than fully planned at the beginning of a project .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i do n't see how that attitude is compatible with the goals of the project .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are much smaller than the NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
note that in the case where different parts of the image are lit by different colored light sources , problems can still emerge .	7	11	VBP	are	is
additionally , red and green cards are merged so half of the face of the card is a red card and half is a green card , while eliminating the JJ text traditionally seen on NNPS to NNP cards .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
this residence offers large NNS , NN , and common rooms with large pool tables .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the article itself is an JJ mess , a NN account of all the claims and NNS , evidence , etc .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( who led the only expedition to date to repeat and document the survivors escape route and has made many NNS at the site of the crash ) .	15	16	VBP	escape	escapes
the castle is the only privately owned castle in japan , and has remained JJ since it was built , making it the oldest original wooden castle in japan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
part of the issue is the fact that apparently the species is probably a bunch of species ( one comment notes that there also are 11 other subspecies in the old world ) , so it seemed inappropriate to have an article on just one of these .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
many other JJ NNS also involve the use of NNP tag .	3	5	VBP	involve	involves
fair use in NNP in pink IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
a plot of the power as the JJ and the index of the value 's position as the JJ produces curves such as follow NNS illustrate .	1	19	VBZ	produces	produce
in this JJ , the pope sets out to `` VB once more in a brief synthesis the principles of JJ communism as they are VBN chiefly in NN '' .	5	6	VBZ	sets	set
another adaptation is the NNP cycle , which involves VBG JJ energy in NN to JJ JJ NNS , which in turn send the NN back to the liver for NN to VB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN has taken place since around the 6th millennium bc , and JJ evidence suggests that this technique was used in ancient egypt .	13	14	VBZ	suggests	suggest
one day , while trying to breed a new species of apple in honour of his dead wife , his grandson comes over and is given his JJ NN mixed with JJ oil in exchange for money for the movies .	20	21	VBZ	comes	come
the latter remedy allows his blocking , without warning , should he violate it .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
those arguing to redirect apparently agree that the subject does not merit an article , and so deletion is the only remaining option .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in europe , the brand is present in paris , milan , madrid and lisbon .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the district 's high schools have a rich tradition of winning regional and state academic and athletic championships and are often recognized for outstanding achievement in music and the arts .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the victim here is an NNP clerk named andrew west , VBG to the original victim 's name .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
this law implies that as individuals VBP the world , they eliminate complexity and NN so they can observe a reality in its most JJ form .	1	2	VBZ	implies	imply
this got almost 25 , 000 hits , and from this entry you can see how well represented this story is on the internet .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the school consists of an early learning center , elementary school , and high school .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
when the patient is JJ , and the liver observed RB ( as in a surgeon 's perspective ) , the important structures VBG its inferior aspect can be represented by a JJ `` h '' figure .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
anyway , this picture is not free .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the us government suspects the continuity ira of having received funds and arms from supporters in the united states .	2	3	VBZ	suspects	suspect
the title `` NNP '' is a NN on NNP , the chemical formula for water .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
its south indian counterpart is JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this ruling marks the beginning of the second phase of the VBG process , and the investigation may end the corruption in kenya 's own legal system .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
the NNS are JJ ( with NNS broadly attached to the stem , slightly above the bottom of the gill , with most of the gill VBD to the stem ) or slightly rounded next to the stem .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a NN is a place where people may come to engage in sexual activity with a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
threats are also comes from continued habitat loss due to water development , habitat NN due to erosion from roads and NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in this case , NNP 's now JJ track announcer begins describing a boxing match .	9	10	VBZ	begins	begin
flowers have four yellow or orange NNS , and grow at the end of the stem , either alone or in JJ NNS .	0	1	VBP	have	has
in the winter the reservoir is only accessible by snow mobile .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
golden NNP the largest bird cage in the zoo belongs to the golden eagle , the species that appears in the mexican coat of arms .	5	9	VBZ	belongs	belong
each model has its own corresponding point value .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
inspection is a verification method that is used to compare how true the JJ model matches the JJ model .	14	15	VBZ	matches	match
the given ip user uses this article for commercial purpose adding their links to end of article .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
different categories exist for various sizes of settlements .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
NNS attend a closed retreat that is overnight .	0	1	VBP	attend	attends
reports indicate a JJ increase in these plants , which have extended their ranges RB and cover more extensive areas , WRB found .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
the key purpose of bulk NN is to provide an economic NN on medical fees and charges .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in 1931 , the turkish association of history , and in 1932 , the turkish language association were established to protect turkish from influences of foreign languages , improve it as science suggests and prevent NN of the turkish language .	31	32	VBZ	suggests	suggest
however , through the use of NNP , digital television NNS display NNP 's virtual channel as 33 .	10	11	VBP	display	displays
the theory is that the english monarch 's claim to treasure NN was based on a statutory NN which replaced the NN 's original right .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this marriage resulted in NNP , or NNP NNP , the JJ house of NNP , whose title combines NNP and wool ( spanish ) .	17	18	VBZ	combines	combine
the comics page of a daily newspaper is a page largely or entirely devoted to comic strips .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the route number is JJ for the type of service it offers , dark blue is for regular routes , green is for express , NN and NNP routes , black for night routes and gold for senior NNS .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
i had brought it up less directly , but the issue here is administrative action against me .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
students usually enter the colleges after lower secondary school ( grade nine in the north american system or year ten in the british system ) .	0	2	VBP	enter	enters
according to jennifer NNP in the jewish chronicle it is `` a detailed attack on how women are both portrayed and VBN to act in public life '' .	16	17	VBP	are	is
certain parts of the game are not available from the beginning and they get VBN at later levels .	1	5	VBP	are	is
personal interviews between author and subject violate this principle , as their verification is nearly impossible .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
the most common JJ NNS occur in the head and face , but other areas are often affected such as the NN cage .	14	15	VBP	are	is
i always try to make articles a NN as possible - the former method of expressing it seems RB redundant and lengthy to me .	13	17	VBZ	seems	seem
the song features the band musicians NNP NNP on drums and NNP hudson on the organ .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this article is a tour NN and does not VB to cover equally all the world at all periods .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it has now become known that the user is unable to access this noticeboard ( due to its length and his technical problems ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the hook for `` play the guitar '' features a sample of t .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature
i mean , the fact is that people do use the number of NNS counts , even if their meaning is open to interpretation .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
one problem with chain stories is they can become long and complicated due to the number of different people adding new bits and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
he approaches him , demanding the baby back , but the other two passengers try to VB him .	13	14	VBP	try	tries
certain NNS consider the mental plane NN for projection as it is divine enough to avoid black magic and JJR NN ' yet also VBN enough to preserve a rational quality of experience ( rational but not JJ ; mental NNS emotional ) .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
in addition , the player has to watch out for his or her fuel consumption .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
i 've been thinking a lot about clouds recently ( as one does when trying to write software to make pretty pictures of them ) - and it occurs to me that it 's a bit odd that clouds form such dense , compact NNS ' .	38	39	VBP	form	forms
a JJ evaluation of the discussion indicates that no consensus was reached .	2	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate
delete even if the book is real .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's mother , who has `` more hair than NN '' , tells NNP that NNP wants an heir and wishes to marry into a good family .	2	13	VBZ	tells	tell
even if we assume that the requesting user is the holder of the name on NN , that account has only CD edits - i .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
with bob 's death , angela becomes the new head of the company , and her first act is to implement some changes , starting with firing NNP .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
common sense , on the other hand , is all about experience .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the set geometry of the NNP internal framework allows for their use as size selective NNS .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow
production in JJ acid is a NN of the NN NN , which is responsible for NN of NN in mammals .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
while afd is not for cleanup , the NN tone combined with the lack of substantial sources attached to the article means that our best move for now is to delete , without prejudice towards recreation as a properly sourced article with a neutral tone .	25	28	VBZ	is	are
case leaves many details out and creates a distinct mood around a vague story .	0	1	VBZ	leaves	leave
the brothers are JJ to the comparison .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP is so well known that the article has to be really excellent to pass fac and satisfy everyone - i would look at all of the comments from the previous fac and see if they have been met .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
common sources of NNP include cooling towers used in open VBG JJ cooling water systems , domestic hot water systems , NNS , and similar NNS that VBP into a public water supply .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the english version contains 4 servers .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
noted students include JJ NNP NNP , american composer maurice arnold NNP and polish NN NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
delete as the nominator says , we are not a travel guide .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
escape to danger is a 1943 british thriller film directed by lance comfort and victor NNP and starring eric NNP , ann NNP and NNP NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS that secure his bow in vehicle mode are CD wide , making it JJ by other figures as well .	1	9	VBP	are	is
in addition to all this , the other editor reverts other edits made by myself to the article without any obvious explanation ( perhaps spite ) .	8	9	VBZ	reverts	revert
responding to the order that all NNP NNS must be destroyed , the NNP branch of NNP VBZ the media to come over and film the live abortion and ensuing feast .	14	17	VBZ	invites	invite
you guys are smart NNS about a very serious subject that mainly affects minority children .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i also see that the article has some neutral point of view issues , but they can be addressed .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
a cutting balloon is an JJ device invented by NNP et al .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in current military thought , tactics are the lowest of three planning levels .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the course goal is that `` students will show that they have learned about college life , create a degree plan , and practice good study skills , critical thinking , and conflict resolution .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the entry connects at the level of the gallery system .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
NN NNP is a NN of three NNS ( NNP ) VBZ the membrane JJ part of the NN , within amino acids JJ , is responsible for binding to alpha 6 NN , this binding seems to be important for the NN NNP integration into NNS .	35	36	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP is known primarily for his use of gibson les paul custom guitars , but he also plays other guitars live ( although les paul customs are his guitar of choice ) .	19	20	VBP	live	lives
every year the school puts on a variety performance at the NNP empire .	3	4	VBZ	puts	put
the church of our lady of NNP is a roman catholic parish church in the roman catholic archdiocese of new york , located at CD west CD street in the washington heights neighborhood of upper manhattan in new york city .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
less JJ NNS include comments placed in NNP records and NNP records to identify the JJ location of an ip address .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this dress coat , one of the two main surviving NNS , is a dark evening coat with a RB cut away front .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the school has events like NNP which is a NN for class 2 to 5 and it is celebrated every two years .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most celebrated fictional NN of a lord chancellor occurs in NNP , the comic opera by w .	4	9	VBZ	occurs	occur
the NN of NN , the primary energy source for life on earth , has dramatic impacts on the NN , NN and behavior of almost every NN .	1	14	VBZ	has	have
principle river systems include the santa maría , the NNP and the NNP with their NNS such as the NNP river in the south of the municipality .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the courses are not for credit , are taught by volunteers with expertise in their areas , and no one needs to be a college ( or even high school ) graduate to attend .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the active site , as it is RB between the NNP and NNP , is also between the two NN NNS .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
some core NNS include an JJ diet ( NN , JJ food only ) , peaceful living ( no warring or violence ; NN ) , living a life of virtue , and service to others .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
all teams compete in the northeastern conference of the massachusetts NNP athletic association .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes
its name means `` morning '' in turkish language VBG from arabic .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
these people who can fix the problems are rare .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the origin is as an act of submission - the hands are ( were ) placed together so that they can be bound by the JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although its founding is attributed to NNP , child of NNP and NNP , characters in greek mythology , the ancient name of NNP derives from NNP sources .	21	24	VBZ	derives	derive
i think the bigger picture says this is a notable .	4	5	VBZ	says	say
canadian federal politicians , for example ) that are not subject to income tax .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the NNP core NNS systems employ an integrated NN NNS ( NNP ) , called NNP ( JJ data processing unit ) .	4	5	VBP	employ	employs
rap NN RB exchange factor 6 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
he emphasized the impact science will have on the JJ century , as well as explaining that investments into science may be JJ , but their returns in the form of knowledge gained , and VBG interest is JJ .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
each rule in a set of decision rules therefore generally takes the form of a horn clause NN class membership is implied by a conjunction of JJ observations .	1	10	VBZ	takes	take
vanity article with no independent sources to indicate that this singer is in any way notable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
sand tends to fall into these NNS resulting in `` NN '' of the NNS .	0	1	VBZ	tends	tend
a template in charles harris ( cricketer ) is seriously bad , but i do not know how to fix it .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the palace is also open to muslims during 10 days of the NNP period for the NNP prayer gathering .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his facebook profile is also quite confusing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
where the JJS borders the sea directly , sand cliffs exist .	9	10	VBP	exist	exists
the NNS go to NNP , where they see jesus .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
lady killer '' on october 9 - the NNS receive an anonymous note which says only , `` i will kill the lady tonight at 8 .	8	9	VBP	receive	receives
in JJ transmission , the bits usually occur at fixed time intervals , start and stop signals are not used , and the bit patterns follow each other in sequence without NN .	5	7	VBP	occur	occurs
the document argues that the four have committed , `` .	1	2	VBZ	argues	argue
it has also been argued that the association between social class and taste is no longer quite as strong as it used to be .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
the operation of the machine is therefore very similar , with the output current rising until the NN it produces almost VBZ the NN generated by the applied voltage .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the festival is similar to NNP NNP in northern india , NNP NNP in nepal and other parts of eastern india and NNP NNP in western india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP effect VBZ any NN NN which is actually more stable than the JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	characterizes	characterize
modern systems are not vulnerable to NNP because of a variety of NNS being used which are JJ with the intel NN NN , and also other flash NNP NNP types .	1	2	VBP	are	is
or maybe it will be clear that one sentence is best .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
shadow boards are currently in the process of VBG these strategies and putting these out for NN , ready for publication at the end of 2012 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a JJ review of his more recent comments brings up things such as this , this , and this .	2	8	VBZ	brings	bring
i VBP this page is about article NNS but i assume it is really about about pov pushing in the lead .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some scholars , such as mark NNP of the center for defense information , trace the roots of islamic terrorism back to the JJ NNP , an order of NNP NNP that targeted political and religious opponents who stood in the way of the NNP ' JJ ideology .	1	14	VBP	trace	traces
the networking segment of NNP has control of less than half of the remaining text .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
when one learns that a person in the room is also from NNP , expect them to be together until the end of the event .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the JJ outcomes include free NNS for prevention of goal by NN and NN , and NNS for NNS and tags .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNS serve to VB stream flow at the NNS for both sides of the front .	1	2	VBP	serve	serves
csd , you come across an article that many users agree is patent nonsense .	9	10	VBP	agree	agrees
the story is notable for its NN of contemporary NN movements and for some NNS to daniel NNP 's novel flowers for NNP , which it VBZ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this event is the inspiration for author peter NNP , over half a century later , to write NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
six nations winner wales has 10 players , ireland has 11 , and scotland has three .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
for NNS , the situation is of paramount importance and they tend to define themselves relative to the context .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
examples of this are ca ' NNP , ca ' NN , ca ' NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	0	3	VBP	are	is
sterling orders the driver to turn back so they can warn the train that the bridge is open .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
an early use of the phrase appears in a comment NNP NNP made about another notorious irish NN in manhattan , five points .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the eastern NNP ( NNP NN ) is an old world NN butterfly whose geographical range extends from the NNPS to include turkey and the near middle east .	15	16	VBZ	extends	extend
people forget how huge he was worldwide .	0	1	VBP	forget	forgets
it appears the change making the font bold also was not RB applied ; i see a few instances where the font is not bold .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
this process includes VBG where the organization is currently at through a diversity NN , creating a strategic action plan , gaining support by seeking NN input , and holding individuals JJ through JJ results .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some manufacturers choose to implement a NNP interface over NNP that is designed to operate differently from the class specification , using custom drivers .	1	2	VBP	choose	chooses
he only receives a picture ; his life goes on but his marriage seems a NN .	7	8	VBZ	goes	go
flat engines offer a low centre of gravity and thereby may offer a drive configuration with better stability and control .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
a small JJ expansion is also available that VBZ either the NNP dominion or NNP 's raiders with the united earth NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this article is nothing but an JJ collection of fictional trivia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new threats he had to face , such as the NNP aliens , prompted a total change in his lifestyle and fighting equipment , and he adopted `` NNP '' as his new nom de FW , though the previous one also remains common in dialogue .	41	43	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP has never been close to her mother , kelly trent , whose JJ job drives a NN between them , and she has n't been told much about her father .	14	15	VBZ	drives	drive
plans call for the museum to completely restore all of the period equipment used during the filming of emergency !	0	1	VBP	call	calls
the name seems to mean CD of a man named NNP , or a woman named NNP ' , in CD , william the NNP celebrated easter at the abbey and then left his son , the future henry i , to be educated there .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the player VBZ the difficulty level of the game , which affects how powerful the monsters are .	15	16	VBP	are	is
a list is not JJ ( of course links should be to VB articles and any actual NN should be removed from the page ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one must determine whether the qualifying debt is completely or partially JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the issue ends with everyone VBG to go back out into NNP .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the NNS mountain pass ) is a mountain pass in morocco , linking the south-east of NNP to the city of NNP through the high atlas mountains .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
on NNS from NNS through NNS a JJ border is added , while a JJ border VBZ the values between 20 and 50 NNS .	15	16	VBZ	surrounds	surround
after more than 15 years , this band still has something to say , and they say it well '' .	7	9	VBZ	has	have
RB , both in NN and in NN studies show that VBG JJ cells display differential NN to VB .	13	14	VBP	display	displays
crime rates are close to denver NNS except for somewhat higher rates of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
every large society contains ethnic minorities and linguistic minorities .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the house features very few exterior windows , with the only natural light coming in from a central NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the word night was originally meant to be taken literally to express the fear that many women feel during the night but has since changed to VB a fear of violence in general .	16	17	VBP	feel	feels
paintings from the dutch school include a painting each from jan van NNP and NNP van de NNP the younger .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
this figure shows that , for the first time in brazil 's history , large numbers of portuguese families were settling in brazil .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
truth in the wilderness is a 1913 american silent short drama film directed by NNP johnston starring charlotte burton and george NNP , j .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
also , its east face is a cliff .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the inland portion of the bay forms a hurricane hole , used to shelter boats from NNS .	2	6	VBZ	forms	form
in a paper volume there is a real sense that if one article goes in , another must come out .	12	13	VBZ	goes	go
the essays , titled memories of my father , are from NN of deceased members of easy company .	1	9	VBP	are	is
NNS ' NNS explore whether his main question `` is ( 1 ) a proper , ( 2 ) a necessary and ( 3 ) a constructive question to ask .	7	9	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia policy , this is a most serious NN to make .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
so the real question is whether limiting this article to only the NNP letter instead of the JJ letter is bad engineering in terms of what is going to RB end up here anyway .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he should remember that his stance of radical NN is a very JJ one .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the matches in question have the highest innings scores where .	1	4	VBP	have	has
a NN ( also known as a NN , or simply a club or disco ) is an entertainment venue which usually operates late into the night .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
the most significant work of these years is his JJ NNP ( 2002 ) , a piece NN considers his NN and one that VBZ his music 's wide JJ variety .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a rolling budget is a budget or plan that is always available for a specific future period by adding a month , quarter or year in the future as the month , quarter or year just ended is dropped .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story suggests that the traditional version of the tale is actually invented by the exiled and VBN NN , now imprisoned in a distant country .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the requesting account is relatively new .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP experience , simply VB the image mentally , but the concept is the same .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of NNP , NN others , indicates that there is no evidence to link the various NNP NNS , and other sources indicate that there is insufficient material to say that the NNP , NNPS , et al .	23	24	VBP	indicate	indicates
the review has the advantage of being accessible online .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the verb means to lead .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the article generally is full of management NN and the vast majority is based on two sources , both of which are by thomas NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
it appears that some NN , helpful person has changed whatever bit of the NNP stuff creates the NNS at the top of the `` editing '' page so that instead of the usual redirect icon we have a JJ german flag .	11	16	VBZ	creates	create
ranger finds his older brother NNP and his mother trying to hunt down the snake that killed NNP .	0	1	VBZ	finds	find
the mountains reach on average above sea level , although the highest point reaches .	1	2	VBP	reach	reaches
a more accurate mean diameter for this tree is .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
indicates that there was a period where the lineage is unknown due to JJ information on the title in that time period .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
joey 's best friend , craig NNP , faces similar problems with the NNS in the neighborhood because he is japanese .	3	8	VBZ	faces	face
the novel NNP describes the NN of the NNP , referred to as the NN , as one of the few survivors of the last phase change ( when the universe had VBN enough for atoms to form ) .	1	3	VBZ	describes	describe
performance psychology studies why workers want to succeed in an organization .	4	5	VBP	want	wants
JJ NN power systems consist of NNP panels , NNP , solar NNS , power NN units and grid connection equipment .	3	4	VBP	consist	consists
evidence from these important archaeological sites suggests that native americans VBD and VBN in the NNP NNP during WRB JJ periods .	0	6	VBZ	suggests	suggest
this board is generally helpful for users acting in good faith but have acted JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of her over 17 , 000 JJ contributions , fewer than 3 , 400 are in the mainspace .	7	14	VBP	are	is
NNP units , internal or external , require a lock from at least three satellites ( for position ) , which usually requires up to 60 seconds .	1	7	VBP	require	requires
the player takes the role of NNP NNP , a recent graduate from a french JJ school given the opportunity by his uncle to run his own restaurant .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the player is to touch the screen to fire balls at mr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although NN in JJ fish , both plates are generally small in most other fish , and may be partially JJ , or consist of multiple NN elements .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the oil content of the actual JJ grain ranges from 4 .	2	8	VBZ	ranges	range
if a person seems VBN by depression , NNP must investigate the possibility of a JJ problem before VBG to the conventional NN of NN -- JJ performance of NN .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
demo writing is still strong and people pride themselves in writing compact code to do as much as possible , and they come together at parties to showcase their talents and hard work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP castle is first mentioned in CD in the JJ founding charter of the maria NNP abbey ( a document some historians consider VBN ) .	21	22	VBP	consider	considers
if such a report goes beyond the purely factual and includes any commentary , analysis , NN or other interpretation it is subject to copyright again .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
every contestant wins almost immediately which results in the show being shut down .	1	2	VBZ	wins	win
the most common form is a JJ star with two decorative `` NNS '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP train leaves NNP bound for NNP , july 2006 .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
i was n't the original prod NN , but i agree that it 's unlikely that reliable sources exist to support this article .	17	18	VBP	exist	exists
financial times ranking of executive education for the first time in 2009 and now stands 35 NN worldwide .	2	14	VBZ	stands	stand
and for what it 's worth , the current medical opinion for JJR people is that , to ensure an JJ transition as possible , they should be referred to by their preferred identity ) .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's favorite dish is white bread , while his least favorite is bell NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
ok , i may be curious myself and i have nothing against that idea either , but my point here is different .	18	20	VBZ	is	are
other programs take a more JJ approach by running the JJ government activities all week .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
despite what the name implies , JJ NNS do not have to strictly be NNS , as there have been VBN animals , NNS , and shadow NNS .	3	4	VBZ	implies	imply
NNP theory VBZ that newly VBN , VBN and VBN developing countries have the added advantage over developed countries in that they are able to draw on existing markets , capital flow NNS and technologies .	11	12	VBP	have	has
the illustration accompanying the article shows a game labeled `` drop the chocolate drop '' and is VBN `` NNP to all but the victim '' .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
he initially trained with andrea da NNP , and his works show the influence of NNP da NNP .	10	11	VBP	show	shows
the mountain 's peak is at above mean sea level .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
while the primary goal of carbon NNS is to reduce global carbon emissions , many VBP projects also claim to lead to improvements in the quality of life for a local population .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the rise of the malay NNS , VBG with trade in NNP NNP slaves , forced the group to retreat further inland to avoid contact with NNS .	1	13	VBZ	slaves	slave
the book begins by VBG robert f .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
in shallow water , the group velocity is equal to the JJ phase velocity .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the article exists , and the author has n't edited or worked on the page for over three and a half years .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the right of way is still visible as a strip between the NN NN and the street .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
he died on 25 august 2011 , but his very popular NN format continues on tuesday and friday on the station .	12	13	VBZ	continues	continue
one striking characteristic of NNP is that , unlike most other mammals , the NNS for NNS on its skull were atop the head , leading some early scientists to believe that , much like a whale , it used these NNS as a form of NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS are not in general NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
JJ gases burn in the presence of the hot wire , thus increasing the resistance and VBG a NNP bridge , which gives the reading .	1	2	VBP	burn	burns
NN in the fact that NNP 's wife is the key ( those born of the gear justice ) that can open the dimension NNP where the NNP is held .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the story then follows his attempts to gain control over the entire NNP while secretly VBG the way for them to become a legitimate enterprise .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
if the player does n't wish to VB , then the game is over .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
our biographies of living persons policies have much more importance over the fact that the event of this woman 's arrest is a news story in the uk .	15	21	VBZ	is	are
a NN clinic is part of the patients ' program in order to VB them with routine health checks and to encourage follow-up with physicians regularly after discharge .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i VBP that the single NNS citation provided does satisfy `` significant '' coverage ( about 1 page ) , but at the end of the day it is an article about a type of rock that does not assert why that type of rock is notable .	42	45	VBZ	is	are
keep the referencing issues seem to have been cleared up .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
we could go 12 rounds like this , and eventually , we might realize that if 40 people are JJ and 1 person is reasonable .	17	18	VBP	are	is
request and reply NNS have varying length , while event and error NNS have a fixed length of 32 NNS .	12	13	VBP	have	has
the drinking water from the reservoir flows into the new NNP NN while about NNS of the way through the reservoir .	2	6	VBZ	flows	flow
this process VBZ a direction to VB development as sectors rise and fall , production is reorganized , and markets are VBN .	9	10	VBP	rise	rises
players accept a mission by hitting `` mission targets '' which select which mission they will take , and by going up the `` launch NN '' .	0	1	VBP	accept	accepts
her NNS express their wish ( NNP ) before her and once the wish is VBN they come again for her NNP ( visit ) to express the NN .	1	2	VBP	express	expresses
NNP is lost as soon as the bus flies off into space and the goal of the game is to locate her using the NNS she provides .	7	8	VBZ	flies	fly
but the page seems to be in violation of some rule , so i am not clear about what to do .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the ground colour of the NNS is grey , while the NNS are pale JJ , but darker along the NNS and wing NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
afds we find that JJ accounts generally have a purpose other than building a good encyclopedia .	5	7	VBP	have	has
this type of equipment is important because it is directly linked to the reliability of the electricity supply .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
other community people are also present in small numbers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the encyclopedia is text , but NNP can also read the text for young players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN seed is JJ and gathered by local residents .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP god sends his armies to kill them but are met with the NN of the player 's creature .	2	3	VBZ	sends	send
the area hosts many distinctive natural features unique to arizona , including the grand canyon , NNP canyon , NNP crater , painted desert , and the NNP forest .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
it can already be seen clearly that language is highly JJ for NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the lower NN NNS appear around the 4th JJ week , slightly later than the upper NN NNS , and the developing nervous system is already evident .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears
invasion gene associated rna ( also known as NNP ) is a small JJ rna involved in VBG one of the major outer cell membrane NN proteins in NNP species .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
wolves in central and east asia are intermediate in form and size to northern and southern wolves .	0	6	VBP	are	is
although NNP is not specifically VBN by the census , the NNP code is CD , and this NNP code is JJ with NNP island .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
their continued popularity worldwide has proven to even the most JJ critics that their films are funny .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the team 's colors are dark red or NN ( NN in italian , from which the team nickname derives ) .	18	19	VBZ	derives	derive
if the admins are unfair ( or VBN to be so ) then people will VB , VB and otherwise be `` JJ '' to make a point - because they feel that they have no other NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , VBD RB nothing in her life except getting lost and now both articles are larger than , say , NNP NNP .	15	16	VBP	are	is
on 5 december 2012 , VBG announced the opening of a new base of operations in florence , the carrier is to base one aircraft there and serve four new european destinations .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP is VBN and confident when she VBZ sex for secret information ( `` gave her little all for her service '' is NNP 's NN phrase ) , but her first time with NNP is a NN .	32	35	VBZ	is	are
the two lakes near NNP , and NNP also supply about 100 NNS per day .	2	9	VBP	supply	supplies
the reviewer right is the ability to mark the edit as non obvious vandalism and a flag is set as `` VBN '' and have access to the list of NNP pages .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this practice is still in limited use today , though NNS have adopted the flanders NNP as well .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN devices are now available with specialized NNS and NNS that VBP NN of VBN signals during the JJ operation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
of the two characters , NNP commented , `` NNP hung 's character is not exactly JJ , but he 's very JJ , just like his JJ hung ga .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
i imagine that the power lines are usually almost continuously VBG electricity , but that overhead train lines are only doing so , when trains pass , and also that far power power passes down power transmission lines than overhead train line .	24	25	VBP	pass	passes
people tend to care what happens in the sites on the top 10th most visited .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
RB , the album is more `` personal '' than its predecessor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reaction is an NNP elimination .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the municipality has two distinct NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the plot follows the story of a man who returns to his rural hometown for the final hour of his mother 's life and her subsequent funeral .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the fruits have an JJ acid NN , which varies between plants from strong to mild , the taste also varies from very JJ to RB VB .	1	2	VBP	have	has
these kinds of changes tend to occur in societies with diversity in class and ethnicity and in which people from different regions or social groups compete for influence .	1	4	VBP	tend	tends
the ticket office is open JJ NNS only .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP JJ NNS and JJ JJ NNS are important in JJ synthesis .	2	7	VBP	are	is
in most cases , the sending server controls the article transfer process .	6	7	VBZ	controls	control
the story begins with the two sons of wong , one of the founders of the academy , who were each born to different mothers , .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the use of certain types of birth control NNS can prevent the symptoms of NN , because the birth control NNS stop NN from occurring .	20	21	VBP	stop	stops
while today the city 's landscape appears to be VBN , there is recorded evidence of extensive NN and numerous agricultural activities .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
michelle 's character has a JJ personality .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
major NNS include national avenue and NNP street .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a private website also maintains very detailed information on a number of these monuments .	2	4	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the NN stem is dark green , VBN in NN with JJ NNS and wings along the angles .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their descendants include ivan iv of russia and JJ families of russian nobility .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS , holocaust NNP are much more significant conspiracy theories with much more lasting staying power , and much more coverage by reliable sources .	0	4	VBP	are	is
another planning cycle is under way .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i had to RB say , '' heart is n't here anymore and for that reason i have to leave ' .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
painters in the contemporary collection from the 1970s include kurt NNP , NNP NNP , hans christian NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP , erik a .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
NNP area appears not to be a city .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
v ( over a field with characteristic 0 , such as q or r ) , a JJ form q is integral with respect to VB if and only if it is JJ on NN , meaning if .	18	20	VBZ	is	are
buses and NNS are the main transportation bring you in NNP NNP .	0	3	VBP	are	is
JJ feels worried that she is not making a big change in the NNP community and feels that what the government and everyone else thinks is true , NNS are acting above the law and she is not making the difference she says she is making .	20	24	VBZ	thinks	think
the agreement is more a statement of principles than a concrete action plan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all NNS have some propaganda elements to them -- that does n't mean you can VB them .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the NN segment of the name exists , because of their rounded NN fin which gives them the appearance of a NN .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist
if the statement in question is excessive information , then i have no problems with removing it .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in biological NN the term applies to plant or animal structures , but it also is used in other disciplines , for example in describing JJ structures the term derives from the latin word NN meaning `` NN '' , `` wing '' , or `` fin '' .	4	5	VBZ	applies	apply
the NNS are also used for travel , using relatively small NNS ( only major rivers are accessible by larger NNS , NNS , NNS , and NNS ) .	15	16	VBP	are	is
this practice allows the NN to seek JJ partners from across the world .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the highest concentration is in the large urban areas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while the article itself is now JJ , i am seriously concerned about comments jim has made recently about the effect this saga has had on his health , his job and his NN .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the page currently has credible citations from several independent sources and is of reasonable length .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
delete looks purely commercial to me ; the site is a JJ site clearly VBD toward sales , with next to no info .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
my conclusion is that this article was created in error .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
with the NNP , the NNPS let the english prisoners escape .	9	10	VBP	escape	escapes
in rose 's NNP there 's no danger of missing anything since the NNS come at greater intervals than ever before .	13	14	VBP	come	comes
successor units still occupy grove park and NNP NNS , as CD ( home counties ) battery , CD ( NNP ) regiment , royal artillery and CD ( kent and county of london NNP ) support squadron , royal corps of signals .	1	3	VBP	occupy	occupies
keep this number is more interesting than i thought it was when i added an entry in the NNP wikipedia a couple of days ago .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the tracks start at one end of a city , and progress along a linear path to another point of the city .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
the player can have NNP swing his sword by pressing an action key and if a monster character is near enough , it will VB damage .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the program provides not only financial , but technical assistance to promote the conservation and improvement of soil , water , air , energy , plant and animal life , and other conservation purposes .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
vegetables commonly used in JJ are elephant NN , NN , NN , NNS , NNS , NNP , NN , drum NNS , snake NNS and NN .	0	5	VBP	are	is
this is a region of NNS , hills , and a bay to the south that nearly VBZ the land in two .	11	17	VBZ	divides	divide
a life with NNP features scores by john NNP for two documentary films .	1	4	VBZ	features	feature
there is independent coverage in reliable sources , and the coverage focuses on the subject ( as opposed to focusing on randy NNP , whose ( JJ ) wife happens to also fight ) .	28	29	VBZ	happens	happen
NN NNS VBP that the key to avoiding war is the NN of NN through proper NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
however , when the inheritance does not VB , the brothers become closer as they try to work out what to do .	10	11	VBP	become	becomes
VBG the end coming , the copy gives VBP the silver dollar and then VBZ away .	6	7	VBZ	gives	give
the term `` NNP '' is an JJ derivative of `` NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a sealed road , NNP way , is about three hundred metres to the south of NNP and provides links to the south and north .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the museum also VBZ out an extremely effective and JJ electronic guide system e .	1	3	VBZ	hires	hire
the temple serves the spiritual needs and NNS of both korean and filipino buddhist communities in the philippines .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the 14 autonomous churches of byzantine tradition have a single JJ NN , while on the contrary the single latin church has several distinct JJ NNS .	3	7	VBP	have	has
one way that virtual schools are proving their effectiveness is the implementation of the same JJ testing that brick and NN schools require of their students .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the airport is the primary hub of british airways , and is a base for virgin atlantic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in this book , the poet depicts the JJ economic NN of third world countries in the name of NN .	5	6	VBZ	depicts	depict
return of the champions is a series of shows in the united states .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
this find is the first evidence of JJ NNS to date .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
later , the owner occasionally acts as the voice of reason , all too often being the only NN person in the room when something important happens , whether the other characters are either drunk on alcohol ( NNP , mrs .	3	5	VBZ	acts	act
the couple actively VBZ in this feedback , giving their reactions , adding information , and VBG the NN 's NNS as needed .	1	3	VBZ	participates	participate
as a result of this structure , and one of the important properties leading to its selection , vertical neighbors are a music interval of a major third apart .	19	20	VBP	are	is
his attack , ice wall , allows him to make a brick of ice and push it as a NN .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP station has a side platform with near street level access , connected by a level crossing to the other side of the track , and therefore has close to easy access for NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
now only NNP trains reach NNP from italy .	3	4	VBP	reach	reaches
the review has its origins in the 1950s in the dublin university business and economics society .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i see no reason why this article should be deleted , and i watch the page , and if some users , like NNP , use the page to just push pov , then i revert it .	20	25	VBP	use	uses
a list makes things appear more certain than they are .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
in this case the lines are JJ JJ if their slopes are JJ NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this category comprises the user pages of the members of wikiproject gujarat .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the game features seven levels , each one of which VBZ a tale from the annual NNP of horror episodes of the american animated television series the simpsons .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
thermal mass flow meters generally use combinations of heated elements and temperature NNS to measure the difference between static and flowing heat transfer to a fluid and VB its flow with a knowledge of the fluid 's specific heat and density .	3	5	VBP	use	uses
these two characteristics are dual to each other .	2	3	VBP	are	is
for this reason , teams often attempt a JJ conversion instead .	4	6	VBP	attempt	attempts
money '' is the seventh and eighth episode of the fourth season of the american comedy television series the office , and the show 's NN and JJ episode overall .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the presentation of the NNP material by NNP is a textbook example of how not to write wikipedia articles .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
french translations when i get the chance .	1	4	VBP	get	gets
NN wants it to read that the case is over , when it is not , and wants it to suggest that the judge ruled against the NN 's JJ claims when in fact he did not and no court has done so .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
russian version [ 4 ] ) has nothing in common with the body NN , and must be split out into the separate article .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
although all types are still in use , most NNS seen and used on computers are outline NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
each accepted apprentice receives a full scholarship and housing for the JJ festival .	2	3	VBZ	receives	receive
set in the fictional midlands town of NNP , defined as being close to the city of birmingham , the soap follows the staff and their families of a doctor 's surgery .	20	21	VBZ	follows	follow
instead of VBG his activities , as do primitive peoples , to the natural life association , VBN man VBZ the JJ community in accordance with his needs '' .	18	19	VBZ	regulates	regulate
traditional oil NNS require an oil that gradually VBZ , forming a stable , JJ film .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
other possibility is merge it with whatever article we have on christians being VBN in china -- t .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this school serves all three town 's 7th and 8th grade students ( as of 2010 ) .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the first division of irrigation was in CD ; the current system feeds seven farms around the small town .	11	12	VBZ	feeds	feed
the fact that the dancers are turning NN ( as viewed from above ) is by the by .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
victims receive psychological , medical , and legal assistance .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
however , the NNP can not explain the change in the vowel , and it has been suggested by others that the term is actually from the spanish word NN , meaning `` to draw out '' , which led to VB .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
b block is the administration office .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the medical school of the university of tokyo goes by the name of NNP NNP , and near it there are many facilities of it , hence it was named as NNP NN in error .	2	8	VBZ	goes	go
the campaign setting of the dark sun world generally takes place in the NNP region of the world of NNP .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take
well the other thing is , if it is a small frog i VBP be able to get a decent shot of it as the NN has very limited NN capabilities .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
although much of it originated as part of the north london railway , the current route is the result of a series of NNS , NNS and NNS ; and has a mixed NN and overhead electrical power supply .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the structure is still questionable , and there 's nothing to guarantee the links provided are reliable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
including NNP and NNP cities which the NN VBZ , the 2010 census population rises to 2 , CD , CD covering 1 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	rises	rise
NNP french style of VBG that uses NNS and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use
this applies no less for a book where large font text VBZ the cover .	10	11	VBZ	dominates	dominate
houses are about five times more expensive !	0	1	VBP	are	is
the material used in its construction is white sandstone from NNP -- sixty miles west -- and , unlike many varieties of this kind of stone , is free from red NN of iron .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in the twenty first century , numerous NNS use his texts to understand how to prepare NN and to treat the NNS mentioned above [ 6 ] .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
when the captain VBZ , he VBZ nothing , but NNP insists in the presence of an NN .	2	3	VBZ	listens	listen
the river continues to the north , almost in a straight line , parallel to the JJ border on the east , and the eastern slopes of the mountain NNP , on the west .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the market is also very large and generally all the things are available .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the novel is both intellectual and accessible and , as the title suggests , VBZ the notion of paradise , on earth , and , indeed , in heaven .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as guests proceed throughout the NNS , they encounter NN of the rooms of NNP castle , including the NNP 's office , the defence against the dark arts classroom and the NNP common room .	1	2	VBP	proceed	proceeds
the current pastor of the parish is father clarence NNP , ss .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
registered as a CD ( c ) 3 non-profit organization , the band was officially founded in 1938 , but its roots trace back to the late 19th century , making it the oldest continuously operated pipe band in the pacific northwest .	21	22	VBP	trace	traces
the communities in the township are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
visual culture as an academic subject is a field of study that generally includes some combination of cultural studies , art history , critical theory , philosophy , and anthropology , by focusing on aspects of culture that rely on visual images .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
its headquarters are in the windsor essex catholic education centre in windsor .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although a large part of the chosen people is still far from christ , yet it is wrong to call them an JJ people , since they remain very dear to god because of the fathers and the gifts given them ( cf .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
while it is possible that two given NNS can not be independently VBN without error , it may happen that the combination of the previously RB received NNS gives us enough information to correctly VB .	21	28	VBZ	gives	give
the lack of services such as routine NN collection allows VB to VB in huge quantities .	1	9	VBZ	allows	allow
the earliest surviving 16th century reports by bishops give us an insight into the devotion to our lady .	5	8	VBP	give	gives
nominations include a 1994 la weekly theater award and a NNP literary award nomination for `` best new play of 1994 '' ( published by anchor books ) .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
for more unique solutions , one would add the condition that the couple with the most NNS gets no gold .	12	17	VBZ	gets	get
NNS in this article are easy to find .	0	4	VBP	are	is
in addition to australia , the company plans underground coal NN projects in the united kingdom , india , pakistan , china , and mongolia .	6	7	VBZ	plans	plan
i do not know why this page exists .	6	7	VBZ	exists	exist
most of the district is covered by wireless or cell phone networks , although mountainous areas of the district have poor reception .	15	19	VBP	have	has
keep references on the sites of two major universities and the state government seem sufficient to me , but that song still looks fake .	1	13	VBP	seem	seems
in this case the gang has a web site and this info has been added to the page .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the hospital also provides NN , NN , NN , JJ , JJ , mental health services of NNP and NNP and JJ JJ services , there are also several other departments situated around the hospital and some services are near the hospital .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
marine mammals are a force NNP '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if weather conditions VBP the limits of safety or it VBZ pass ski area has VBN parking availability , rangers will close the gates to glacier point road at the NNP intersection to all VBG vehicles .	2	3	VBP	exceed	exceeds
the department offers the bachelor of science , master of science , doctor of philosophy , doctor of engineering science , and joint m .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
today the club plays in the midland league and has three senior teams and a colts team .	2	3	VBZ	plays	play
an english merchant , william NNP , who visited the tomb in CD , describes the rich interior NN of the central chamber ( in comparison to the JJ look today ) .	2	14	VBZ	describes	describe
the NNS are able to VB for several months and the plant is able to VB twice per year or more .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
it is here that the first competition takes place with a trivia night including all NNS from years JJ .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
in terms of presentation , your table looks a little NN .	6	7	VBZ	looks	look
the cartoon then ends with farmer smith being forced to provide foster care for both NNP and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	ends	end
the park contains two lakes which are very popular with NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
territory is local government , in the form of shire , town or city .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
more NNS besides women is set in milan ; its plot involves romantic NNS among the ruling NNS of the city , including the JJ duchess , the general NNP , and the cardinal .	10	11	VBZ	involves	involve
the film VBZ the atmosphere of a brussels which is now lost .	1	2	VBZ	reproduces	reproduce
jenkins ' NNS ' ways make for a winning way ; bill NNP ; january 20 , 2006 , espn , retrieved december 27 , 2007 NNP replaced jenkins in the driver 's seat for the second race of the 1976 season in NNP .	4	5	VBP	make	makes
moreover , even the definition of met is problematic when used for specific persons .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the freeway passes under harrison avenue before ending at an interchange with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
NNP watches as they VBP into darkness .	1	4	VBP	disappear	disappears
the bus station is in princes road .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two explosive devices placed under two local police patrol cars go off in santiago .	2	10	VBP	go	goes
the most prevalent fuel cell vehicles are NNS and material handling vehicles .	5	6	VBP	are	is
although it is commonly believed that the river was named for the yellow rocks seen in the grand canyon of the NNP , the native american name source is not clear .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the railroad also makes the eastern border of the village as well .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
article is short , JJ and provides a reasonable explanation for such a subject .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the album features the voices of pablo moses and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
it certainly is n't arbitrary in the pure sense , NN i will admit that the only thing better than rushing for CD yards is 1000 , and that is , of course , only one extra yard .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
excavations during the 1970s appear to show that the site was not completed , and no evidence of occupation was VBN .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears
but where that line is and what the ratio of NN contribs is that tips the balance towards blocking seems more or less random in actual practice .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
so , the book itself is NN ; if someone deeply familiar with it actually wanted to do a good whole article on it , that would be ok , but it 's not anything we actually need .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
students have the opportunity to practice the skills learned in the classroom through after school productions , competitions and festivals .	0	1	VBP	have	has
by definition , a union that is not VBN by torah law is not an orthodox wedding , and by definition a person who VBZ such a ceremony is not an orthodox rabbi .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the cost '' is the tenth episode of the first season of the NNP original series , the wire .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
for an article about a video , the cover artwork is often a crucial source of critical commentary about the article , and as such the artwork adds significantly to the article .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP port is largely responsible for NN of southern districts of tamil nadu , including NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the answer is in the first sentence of the NNP article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reason i want the image deleted is in fact to VB that all images i have uploaded to wp are mine to VB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP of the boston globe was more critical , feeling that the show `` takes NNS to introduce as many JJ issues as possible '' to give the NN of NN .	13	15	VBZ	takes	take
a JJ mixture is a mixture of two or more compounds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the book is by doug wright , music by NNP NNP NN green , lyrics by amanda green .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its history , however , is not well known .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ activities enjoyed along the route include hunting , fishing , NN , and swimming .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
ok lets say the airplane is a military fighter .	1	2	VBP	say	says
any NN that is used to test hearing should be VBN regularly to ensure that the level shown on its display is equal to the actual CC the subject is exposed to .	16	21	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles on the genera and species in this family .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
not the bottom of the page if the page is longer than one screen .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the electorate is one where national traditionally performs well ; labour has not won a general electorate north of NNP since a JJ victory in NNP in 1972 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an JJ number indicates the team finished first in the table in that round .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
an identifying character of this species is its tall first dorsal fin , which has a slightly rounded tip and VBZ over the rear tips of the JJ NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
main economic activity is JJ farming and small and medium scale businesses especially in NNP town .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since NNS like this also exist in nature , it 's hard to be confident about such tests .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists
any assessment usually takes their concerns into account .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take
the service is , therefore , an JJ and JJ service .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most platforms identify visitors by VBG a unique id NN to each and every visitor to the site thereby allowing them to be VBN throughout their web journey , the platform then makes a JJ decision about what content to serve .	30	32	VBZ	makes	make
the NN issue is a JJ one , and i would be interested in hearing the opinions of other admins .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the user VBZ an NN in the form of NNP , then the address will stay active and forward all email until the date is reached .	2	3	VBZ	specifies	specify
only add names here if the person has their own article - anything else will be removed .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
current weekly attendance is about 900 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
sequences features JJ art - such as performance , video and sound art - and creates a NN for these art forms as well as music and design .	3	15	VBZ	creates	create
the current releases of NNP are 12 .	2	5	VBP	are	is
if the NN is of national importance , written approval of the NNP education and culture is required .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's seventh problem is one of david NNP 's list of open mathematical problems posed in 1900 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the evening NNS continue as they were running .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
the general secretary of NNP is NNP NNP NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the current mayor of NNP is joe `` boss '' green .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP , NNP manages to keep his faith , despite even discovering that there exists another side of the NNP where elaborate garden parties take place , attended by a few JJ party members .	23	24	VBP	take	takes
the site is in good condition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in 1986 , a book , the fat NNP files , published by a christian retreat house in devon england RB notes the effect of the mary and martha society on the life of a parish minister .	4	21	VBZ	notes	note
JJ production in china is important to the economy of the country as it is the leading producer and leading NN in the world .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
television appearances include this life ( bbc ) ; ireland am ( NNP ) ; NNP ( channel 7 ) ; good morning australia ( channel 10 ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the female VBZ 2 , rarely 3 , JJ white eggs ; both NNS VBP the eggs and feed the young .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
VBN NNS feed extensively on JJ NNS in areas where the two species interact .	12	13	VBP	interact	interacts
the attack leaves all the NNP injured .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
and RB , in spite of our strong blp policy , the text under dispute is still in the article -- which should not be our default position .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
the implications of this are significant because activation of by far the largest segments of the NN and the atmosphere , and a significant fraction of the NN , is very difficult to achieve .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the legend says chief NNP and his NN jumped ( into the `` JJ pool '' ) together to their deaths off cedar NNP at NNP , as their parents VBN of their relationship .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the purpose of NNP is `` to gather nordic and baltic academic NNS in forms of friendship and joy and events of high musical and social quality .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
both ships appear to be making good speed , indicating that this photo was taken relatively early in the action .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
in molecular biology , the NNP domain is an approximately JJ acid NNP domain .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
important regional variations also occur in rural and remote regions near quebec 's borders and are associated with local NN contact .	2	4	VBP	occur	occurs
without doubt , the most famous example of a NN NN is the boundary of the NNP set .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the los angeles NNP radio networks consist of two separate networks for the coverage of los angeles NNP nba basketball .	5	6	VBP	consist	consists
NN or CD are used when the verb is at the JJ mood .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
support we need more admins , issues in last rfa seem addressed .	6	10	VBP	seem	seems
actual systems generally employ a combination of these techniques .	1	3	VBP	employ	employs
a prime example of such a use of genetic NN is gene targeting , which can be used to add , delete or otherwise change an NN 's genes .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
commercially prepared NNS are widely available .	2	3	VBP	are	is
there have been two JJ polls and an rfc which all say that your actions are inappropriate .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the armor 's other capabilities include laser NNS , JJ bombs , small rockets , IN gas , sleeping gas , smoke screens , VBP NN flames , liquid cement , wheels giving off JJ lights , and high voltage NNS of electricity .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
after reporting back to lou ( who then has chest NNS due to JJ NN NN ) about her intent to further pursue NNP , vic takes the shorter way to NNP 's library where the two women search for answers using NNP 's JJ tiles .	37	38	VBP	search	searches
the museum offers guided tours in spanish and english , workshops for adults and children , and spaces to rent for events .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
arbcom members will sure be able to figure out whether the statement above has sufficient basis which i believe it does .	11	13	VBZ	has	have
one factor VBG the image is its very small dimensions .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
on average , the summer expedition is 15 days in length .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
car body panels and bike frames are two examples where JJ NN painting is often used .	2	6	VBP	are	is
symptoms include persistent JJ thoughts and memories of the trauma or NN , and feeling RB JJ .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the NN attachment of JJ NNS NNP by VBG NN and targets it to NN in the NN .	2	11	VBZ	targets	target
the NNP branch faces off against the corporate branch , commenting that they deserve to lose for deciding to close down buffalo .	2	3	VBZ	faces	face
RB , the JJ measurements made on the NNP population show NNP from croatia are predominantly JJ , suggesting that they are more prone to VB JJ types such as nordic and mediterranean than JJ ones like alpine and NNP .	4	14	VBP	are	is
the song is a JJ JJ NN of what is presented as a typical 1960s french NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current record holder ( for the next couple of months NNS ) is the top NNP NNP at cedar point outside of NNP , ohio .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
its activities include road NN , JJ mining , equipment NN , soil NN , and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
most of the time ( see [ [ the NNP report ] ] for examples of this ) the trivia section of an article is simply a NN for JJ NNS that are n't important enough to go into a different section or their own section .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
the tunnel is 150 feet long and large enough to walk through .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
naming '' paragraph , the last sentence reads `` my NN is very large .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
once VBN to the host 's JJ wall , the NN NN NNS through its skin as the food being VBN by the host flows past it and it begins to grow a long tail , with each segment containing an independent JJ system and JJ tract .	18	24	VBZ	flows	flow
as of 2013 , commercially available versions of this movie are of the original theatrical release , and not the revised tv broadcast version .	6	10	VBP	are	is
no , a report at ani runs the very real risk that your own conduct will be VBN .	3	6	VBZ	runs	run
the rail infrastructure is capable of handling 130 trains per day including double stack container trains and NN trains .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the definitions of corruption NNS are in public bodies corrupt practices act 1889 and prevention of corruption act 1906 .	1	5	VBP	are	is
when the plant goes on fire , the fire department want to know into which VBP they need to send the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
however , this light VBN is very JJ , and researchers doubt that it is the explanation surrounding NN light .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
a close study of the dynamics and forces of nature reveals a constant and JJ source of new forms .	2	10	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the work contains a NN of 55 pages , running to thousand and odd books and articles .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
parents begin to regard their children as saved because they were VBN .	0	1	VBP	begin	begins
i do , agree that the topic is unclear and that the presentation is poor .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
contributors are the number one thing NNP needs to succeed .	0	1	VBP	are	is
you have no idea what the article is about .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this condition is often the result of damage of the upper motor NNS of the facial nerve .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the ruling calls on the JJ club to draft a new NNP that offers alternatives to its proposed rate of logging .	1	2	VBZ	calls	call
next day , the marriage NN returns back .	5	6	VBZ	returns	return
likewise , there are plenty of NN latin american countries ( not mexico , obviously ) whose food is very RB .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the paint scheme on her hull is [ [ NN NN ] ] .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , we have no way whatsoever to tell if you are telling the truth , since those edits are months old and the ip logs have likely expired .	18	19	VBP	are	is
this article is only a general introduction to NN ; it is not all about everything feminist .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the end , both animals and plants produce NNS with half the number of NNS as the parent cell .	5	8	VBP	produce	produces
the NNP antenna is most frequently deployed as a single wire .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
once a set has five facts , the random portal template component for did you knows should be updated on the main portal page .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the class is a JJ mixture of theatre history and hands on performing and stage management .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the editor apparently does n't see that VBG was bad , i do not see this as promising , or as a sign the user knows not to do so again .	24	25	VBZ	knows	know
pirate radio is illegal or JJ radio transmission for entertainment or political purposes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the stadium is home to the JJ football team NNP NNP f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
no information about NNP is available after the publication of this last book , and it was VBN that he died shortly afterwards .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the motivation for their study is that their NNS NN to VB differential operators over JJ flag NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this claim is no longer valid in the light of the revelation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all exposed wood has an JJ finish finish that VBZ the light , as the NN walls of the original building naturally do .	16	22	VBP	do	does
this JJ process ends in the NN of NN .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
the red links for notable players are in the process of being eliminated .	2	6	VBP	are	is
levels are from NNP ( executive and administrative service ) 11 through 26 .	0	1	VBP	are	is
they always lead the dancing at the festival when the local municipal men 's choir ( the NNP singers ) performs .	14	20	VBZ	performs	perform
the intention is to pass on knowledge of the dances and styles , rather than to teach any particular interpretation as inherently correct or JJ to another .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN to these models is that a large amount of captured data is required to produce natural results , and whilst longer units produce more natural results the size of database required NNS with the average length of each unit .	23	24	VBP	produce	produces
for example , JJ NNS use animal models , typically rats , to study the JJ , genetic , and cellular mechanisms that VBP specific NNS such as learning and memory and fear responses .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
other research provides support for memory of text being improved by musical training .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the total JJ height of this block is 35 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the music video features NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
NNS behind the attempted assassination are still unknown but it was believe that the incident was related to a JJ issue that mac NNP said to have reported earlier to NNP management .	0	5	VBP	are	is
NN of the image in NN is indeed questionable ; the lack of common names keeps from potential JJ value ; each color should be labeled on the image itself , and i 'm still JJ what the different NNS mean .	39	40	VBP	mean	means
the first team to do so wins power team .	2	6	VBZ	wins	win
houses along NNP drive are among the best known in the city ; the residential area on the west of NNP drive , opposite the river , was added to the national register of historic places as an historic district in 1996 .	0	4	VBP	are	is
however , both stations appear to be operating with a JJ power level on the order of 50 NN .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears
its only claim appears to be that it 's named after someone important ( not even any actual connection beyond name ) .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
revolution is a JJ 2009 short film .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
if a person under investigation by the NNP refuses to answer questions or meet with NNP law enforcement agents , their registration and tags may be canceled .	2	8	VBZ	refuses	refuse
NN points out in the NN shop scene with angel and faith that , `` the NN here is actually NNP 's brother NNP .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
other objects are JJ , including NNS , number boxes , NNS , table editors , JJ NN , buttons , and other objects for running the program RB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my only NN is that perhaps the block should have been indefinite - with the provision to unblock immediately if the user VBZ to VB from csd tagging for say a month - till he is more familiar with the NNS .	21	22	VBZ	commits	commit
its lower reaches , west of the NNP road , are JJ .	2	10	VBP	are	is
in political science , NNP 's law is a principle which VBZ that NN rule elections structured within JJ districts tends to favor a JJ system .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a lot of the technology and science is now out of date or considered NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NNP region also consists of nine villages in NNP , ( including NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP di NNP and NNP marina ) and four districts in the city of NNP NNP , but its population is significantly smaller , supposedly around 2000 .	40	41	VBZ	is	are
men also have to dress RB .	0	2	VBP	have	has
if you edit war on [ [ page x ] ] with two different accounts , the burden is on you to VB the edit by the second account if it was an accident .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
but the numerous inscriptions discovered on the spot leave no doubt that this is the true site of NNP .	3	8	VBP	leave	leaves
the continuous NN of the selected topics such that the graduate is capable to deal with the most JJ scientific and technological subjects .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) is part of no .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
unlike NNS , however , VBD dogs are the product of artificial selection - intentionally created by humans , whereas the term `` NN '' specifically refers to dogs that develop by natural selection , without planned intervention of humans .	6	7	VBP	are	is
within the NNP air courthouse historic district , which contains the county courthouse and county offices at the center of the county seat , the JJ pair VBZ another JJ pair , NNP avenue NN and NNP road NN .	26	27	VBZ	intersects	intersect
the claim area itself is part of a much larger area included in the `` single NNP claim '' , covering the south-western corner of western australia .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the indefinite block , i feel , is RB reasonable and justified .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
i think the NN about iran needs to be removed or VBN as well , as currently it VBZ nuclear war .	3	6	VBZ	needs	need
the designs are NNS of those of the earlier NNS , with the JJ legend NNP rex NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately north-west of NNP and north-west of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the 2008 film follows chris through various NNS throughout the world and offers his NNS of his past , climbing and life .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
players range from JJ old and receive training in all aspects of the sport .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
the crane operator begins VBG from the eyes during the NNP and house attempts to return to NNP to VB him , but without his presence NNP suffers a panic attack .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the average depth of the pond is seven feet , and the maximum depth is eight feet .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i will say ( again ) that her contributions are often very helpful and i am happy for her to continue to do so .	8	9	VBP	are	is
a NN disorder is a problem with pitch , NN , or intensity that VBZ in the vocal NNS of the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
architect remains unknown ; similarities with NNP tower suggest the work of ivan NNP .	4	8	VBP	suggest	suggests
this is what some conspiracy NNS refer to as JJ programming .	5	6	VBP	refer	refers
the other deleted contribution from this account provides reference to names and physical location .	3	7	VBZ	provides	provide
structures exposed to a marine environment , or where salt is used for JJ purposes , are especially JJ to this type of damage .	0	16	VBP	are	is
these NNS are vulnerable to flooding or VBG conditions , loss of habitat and NN by mammals and large birds .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 17 , CD and the density of CD .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
common JJ NNS are NNS like money and grades , NN and threat of punishment .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the competitive nature of this social structure makes the lion more prone to fighting , especially males whose very lives depend ( since the male is n't as VBN in hunting on the open plains ) on getting a pride of their own .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
response in response to NNP , author is indeed old enough to remember gary hart , but thank you for the JJ comment NN - always JJ in VBG debate !	0	7	VBZ	is	are
host anthony NNP visits exotic countries and cities worldwide where hosts treat him to local culture and cuisine .	10	11	VBP	treat	treats
well the actor who plays will in [ [ will and grace ] ] is not gay in real life ; he has kids .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
a VBG drive unit , upon which the bowl is mounted and a JJ control box controls the bowl NN .	15	16	VBZ	controls	control
it is clear , then , how the identical treatment model fails on this view .	10	11	VBZ	fails	fail
the murder ( abolition of death penalty ) act 1965 is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
along the west side of the castle , the JJ NN wall remains standing to a considerable height .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
these problems have their common root in the nature of christianity itself , which is essentially a JJ religion .	1	2	VBP	have	has
if current estimates of the group 's strength as between 400 and 500 members are correct , more than CD people may have passed through its ranks since its founding .	2	14	VBP	are	is
that 's what the song is about .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the jerusalem issues fall RB within the JJ , so NNS like NNP and NNP are less active in VBG on that article talk page .	2	3	VBP	fall	falls
a perfect example is champions of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the highway faces additional criticism from environmental groups due to its proposed VBG through sensitive NNS .	1	2	VBZ	faces	face
the source is the publication , so as long as it succeeded to pass the editorial overview , it counts for proof of notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
homosexual behavior is activity by persons who have not developed beyond the stage of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name comes from the local indian tribe and means `` high banks .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the issue here is , however , different from arguing whether these rules make sense and are useful .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
however , although being this article well written , a complete article seems to be excessive .	11	12	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP VBZ the common scenario in web applications where database fields need to be VBN on certain events ( e .	10	11	VBP	need	needs
the position of governor is hereditary , despite the nation 's JJ status as a republic .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
political capital is the NN that a politician has a legitimate political mandate to VB policy in the eyes of the voting public .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that there are very few NNS provided for these policies beyond JJ action and the historical malay claim to the land , both of which are covered by the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an access tunnel connects the two platforms and , like NNP , there are historic photographs of NNP displayed in the tunnel .	2	3	VBZ	connects	connect
the primary goal of the first NN in this instance is to ensure the runner does n't advance and that the team records at least one out , especially in a close game .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
our goal is to help save home NNS and NNS hundreds to even thousands in title insurance costs , '' said joshua c .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the basic NN of routine activity theory is that most crimes are petty theft and VBD to the police .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the line 1 connects to the transfer of NNP , the largest of salvador , to VB do NNP , passing by NNP nova stadium , the official stadium of fifa world cup , the stadium has a metro station of line 1 .	35	36	VBZ	has	have
in addition to the regular curriculum , the school has a strong music program , as well as an extended french and french NNP program .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
although records are minimal , it is known that between 3000 and CD bc organized temple music with singers existed in NNP and NNP , the oldest cultural groups in NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this diet varies from season to season , showing a NN once again between food availability and home range .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
at least 90 species of NNS call this park home , over half of which are either NNS or NNS , and 35 species have their state NN limits here .	3	6	VBP	call	calls
such a perspective is JJ at a time when decisions are being taken that will shape america 's role in the global world of the JJ century .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
british NNP train comes with a total of 11 NNS which bear testimony to the history and legend that is NNP express .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
younger sales NNS provide an important connection to the modern fashion market , and support their more experienced colleagues , who are able to offer JJ advice on traditional NN .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
both these effects help to improve blood circulation .	2	3	VBP	help	helps
the so-called `` critically acclaimed '' books have zero NNP hit and is JJ according to amazon - see this and this .	6	7	VBP	have	has
situated at the NN of world famous NNP dam , the early history of the university is a VBG chapter in the story of technical education in NNP .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
the arch of NNP marks the point at which the old and new cities merge .	13	14	VBP	merge	merges
while the aspect of monetary union is clear , the JJ effects of economic union between countries could be considered a cause for debate .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these future members are to join the big ten conference in all sports .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP official website for NN crime cell is NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP murder case refers to an JJ NN triggered by a traffic accident on october 20 , 2010 .	3	4	VBZ	refers	refer
her sport column appears on thursday , her celebrity column is entitled lost in NNP and appears in the NNP supplement each friday .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP notes that critics say that `` NNP 's pursuit of the whale , which they suggest can be associated with the NN in its shape , mystery , and in its NN , represents the ultimate fusion of the JJ and sexual quest .	9	34	VBZ	represents	represent
the other poems are 13 , the story of NNP and the NNP , and 24 the JJ NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the virginia tech shooting is in the same order .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the only way this list can be sourced is through coverage of the results in newspapers etc .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
year ) this is a regular curriculum with special features for students whose needs are preparation for higher learning and JJ employment .	13	14	VBP	are	is
her patron saint includes NNP NNP of delhi .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP ' link is not RB JJ imo .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are mounted at an angle so that the NNS cross each other .	10	11	VBP	cross	crosses
the JJ NN line is unusually broad for a species of NNP , resembling more that of the chilean genus NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the game involves opening physical puzzle boxes made of JJ VBN aluminum to reveal unique codes that can be VBN for prizes or to reveal further NNS .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
the lee side of the beach features JJ NNS where many very large JJ NN and other tropical fish are easily viewed .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
this article contains text from italian and croatian wikipedia under gfdl .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
mayor of the township is janet NNP ( r , term ends december 31 , 2013 ) , who had been a NN for 28 years and was elected mayor in november 2009 .	10	11	VBZ	ends	end
the JJ and JJ NNS are closely linked , and disorders of one often affect the other .	10	14	VBP	affect	affects
the theatre building is presently the club 50 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story is about two women who trade homes `` only to find that a change of address can change their lives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many stations have services such as NNP , food outlets , NN , convenience stores and mobile NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
i do n't understand why a NN from an admin is necessary on anything except a deletion or NN as far as afds are concerned .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
near the end of the novel , all the characters join forces against a NN of NNS , which VBP the welfare of NNP by VBG through anything and everything in their path .	9	10	VBP	join	joins
cyclone joins the JJ NNP NNP team , and soon after finds herself becoming attracted to her teammate king NNP .	0	1	VBZ	joins	join
legends hold that NNP NNP or NNP , the son of lord shiva , visited the site .	0	1	VBP	hold	holds
this formula says that the NNS of the NNP NNP function control the NNS of NNS around their `` expected '' positions .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
JJ railway station is a station of NNP railway in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
before the conversation goes any further , the plane suddenly hits a NN of birds and NNS into a lake , killing the pilot .	8	10	VBZ	hits	hit
the NN ratio is the ratio of the length of the connecting rod to the length of the NN stroke .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the area round about is full of afghan highway NNS such as the NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
if the player manages to keep it over 100 , NNS appear in the form of random items found around NNP .	10	11	VBP	appear	appears
and while all else is old , the world is new .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the cement segment produces and sells NNS , NNS , and standard sand .	2	3	VBZ	produces	produce
NNS are used on the NN itself to ensure that the tank pressure never reaches JJ levels and to allow the user to VB the pressure coming out of the tank to match what is needed for the task .	12	14	VBZ	reaches	reach
a tale of JJ folklore describes how NNP 's hat fell off his head before arriving to VB that day , something that was considered a bad NNS among everyday NNPS .	1	5	VBZ	describes	describe
NNP 's role as special assistant includes working with NNS in the cardinals ' minor league system as well as monitoring the organization 's minor league players , then reporting directly to NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
its basic principles proceed directly from its views on the relation between the NNP and the `` ten thousand things '' ( i .	2	3	VBP	proceed	proceeds
the show features a particularly intense version of `` better man '' .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the original temple is at the top of the hill known as NNP NNP NNP , with CD steps .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the releases of NN from normal operations are the small planned releases from uranium ore processing , NN , power NNS , VBG plants and waste stores .	1	7	VBP	are	is
in times like these , death is nothing , '' he says .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
edits to existing articles are typically JJ , which allow changes to be VBN by other editors .	0	4	VBP	are	is
that the article is promotional is not a valid reason to delete it when the topic has received significant coverage in reliable sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there , daniel VBZ that the yacht that he arrived in a few days ago now belongs to NNP .	6	16	VBZ	belongs	belong
another tiny issue is that the station name labels have a white background over the water which is VBG .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his roles include the JJ title character in jan NNP by director NNP NNP and as the JJ NNP in tears of the black tiger by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
duel is an american game show hosted by mike NNP that first aired from december 17 to december 23 , 2007 on abc .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
because NNS have individual color NNS , scientists think that NNS are able to recognize other NNS via electric communication .	7	8	VBP	think	thinks
support - this is long JJ .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
this category is for artificial satellites that were intentionally destroyed by JJ weapons or similar means .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
genetic history of britain ] ] ( even though it contains text on ireland ) .	1	10	VBZ	contains	contain
if several entries refer to the same year then the NN parameter can be used .	2	3	VBP	refer	refers
major streets that cross this avenue include NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and d .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
hence , a player who represented kent in the earliest known JJ match in CD is as notable as a player who represented kent NNP 's first team in any recent county championship season .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
the museum 's collection includes hundreds of historical examples , ranging from a 4th to 3rd century bce bronze mirror with an JJ silk cover , right up to the present day .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the next morning the germans NN , and make it as far as the line , and both forces attack each other in close quarter combat .	18	19	VBP	attack	attacks
a layer of JJ tissue called the NN covers the brain , NN , major JJ NNS and JJ nerve NNS .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover
the focus of all biblical NNS is then on grace and faith .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are JJ and given to students regardless of financial need and their parent 's income .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i understand perhaps in the past people just looked these as minor league seasons , but even minor league teams get as much media coverage as small college football teams , and we do have seasons for those .	19	20	VBP	get	gets
the NN star in the `` v '' identifies the four functions of the landing force , and VB their operations ashore .	2	8	VBZ	identifies	identify
resolution by consensus would likely be VBN as wikipedia is not known for its NN , the underlying network below the front is very hard to find , let alone JJ .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
fake NNS start turning up and NNP lies that someone may have stolen them when she went to the coffee shop .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
furthermore , the plant often VBZ RB via NN ; what appears to be a large stand of a great many plants may truly be one genetic individual and its NNS .	3	5	VBZ	reproduces	reproduce
the origins of this are not certainly known , although JJ tradition stated that it had been granted in CD for their performance at the battle of NNP JJ tradition stated that the motto was granted by field marshal lord NNP .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the flower heads are yellow in color and JJ in shape , around 1 NN in diameter each , and often JJ in clusters .	2	3	VBP	are	is
according to NNP reports , the former soviet states , from baltic russia to NNP in central asia and parts of the NNPS , remain the only regions of the world where rates of hiv infection continue to rise .	8	24	VBP	remain	remains
the other contributors appear to be only JJ NN at best and therefore unable to understand a simple question properly , but just able to quote NNS or lectures they do n't really understand .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
the cage is still on display in the town hall .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ rocks of the yorkshire coast ( eastern united kingdom ) , but the width is usually only up to 2 cm , restricted by the size of the organisms producing it .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP membership seems to have very little notability since it was only mentioned in passing in a newspaper article about his paintings .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the president of the association is NNP ernest .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the episode 's plot VBZ around NNP high 's NN club , new directions , decides to prepare original songs for the NNP competition .	3	4	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the current tag VBZ that the author has released the image into the public domain , yet provides no author or source information .	2	3	VBZ	asserts	assert
the number of students per teacher is approximately 25 , the same as the average number of students per group .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
life at great NNP is an opportunity to VB NN in NN , explore the NNS of the NN and see into the essential matter of life and death .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN `` wings '' are even larger than those of the NNP 9 and ac series .	3	5	VBP	are	is
a NNP index of 0 indicates perfect equality .	2	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
recall that the second NNP number of a rank 2 vector NN on a surface is the number of NNS of a generic section .	5	15	VBZ	is	are
however , the us state department 's report is RB incomplete .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
keep the article is informative and deserves to be in a encyclopedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the ending , involving NN , is almost exactly like the death of the JJ woman .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
chris boyd , of the australian called the musical , `` the best thing lloyd NNP has written in the quarter century since phantom of the opera , love never dies is still a missed opportunity .	13	31	VBZ	is	are
discussion , not the JJ button , is the key to success on wikipedia .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
the absence of a policy is not the same as the NN of that policy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the novel is still available from the NNP tree press .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most likely candidate for the architect is dr george clarke of all souls ; the master mason was william NNP or NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this unit is in operating condition and is one of the most frequently used NNS on the property .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the player has a diary that they can use to save their progress , and a NN from which the player may occasionally receive mail .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's block log indicates numerous blocks for various VBG kinds of disruption .	3	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the NN is a recreation of man at the NNP , which was commissioned by nelson NNP for the NNP center .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people are innocent until proven guilty and the NNP 's are innocent .	0	1	VBP	are	is
indeed , the same 2002 survey had claimed that in total , india had 3 , 500 tigers , whilst the new survey claims that just 1 , 400 remain .	22	23	VBZ	claims	claim
the question is too vague for us to be able to answer .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new NNS are slightly less JJ than the traditional ones and also made of NN rather than ash but the gameplay has not been affected .	2	3	VBP	are	is
passing through the town , the highway serves as a commercial strip , VBG around NNP street .	6	7	VBZ	serves	serve
you are now claiming that the annual report is false .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the architecture of a NNP application , independent whether it is the server or client part , is structured into the following levels .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the cathedral has a total length of CD and a width of 62 metres .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
VBN entries are legacy JJ domains that refer to individual organisations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the table below provides NNS and NN NNS for hot fusion reactions producing NN NNS directly .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
i can verify that people who have NNS in the local newspaper are dead , and i can find local news sources the find out whether or not they were murdered .	4	12	VBP	are	is
pilot is nervous about it so roland gives him his NN to listen to during the drop .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
notability is about what sources exist , not what sources are currently used in the article .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
the islands are home to woodland NNS which have been studied extensively from 1974 to today by dr .	1	2	VBP	are	is
their primary rivals are college of charleston , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP loves nature and VBZ to see trees suffer .	7	8	VBP	suffer	suffers
a friendship with clarence NNP shows that despite foster 's progressive views he still VBN and respected the views of a traditional christian community .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
trains use rail infrastructure supplied by NNP .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
this season features JJ NNP NNP , a JJ NN from NNP , colorado .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the ship receives orders to position in NNP sea , to protect french merchant traffic in persian gulf from iranian NNS during war between iran and iraq .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
people like you make wikipedia a big joke of a source of information .	0	3	VBP	make	makes
delete ; JJ ; the only google hit i could find [ 1 ] makes it appear to be a hoax or joke .	7	14	VBZ	makes	make
the area is home to the NNP people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the algorithm finishes , the number under the line is the sum of the two numbers .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
price points out that while NNP 's tales are distinct from NNP 's in their use of hope and his NN of a struggle between good and evil , nevertheless the basis of NNP 's NN are found in NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
not only can he VB someone to lose focus on him , he can VB someone to VB that focus , putting them in a JJ NN , which by NN makes him the true master of plateau .	30	31	VBZ	makes	make
no JJ compounds are formed with NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS , so this test is therefore specific for NNS .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
i ask that those who are feeling all schools are notable , please consider the true notability of this article .	8	9	VBP	are	is
you have to admit that it is difficult not to reply when phoenix and NNP continually VBZ the nature of the edits and by NN VBZ the current editors of making pov edits that were actually made before any of us started editing the page .	24	25	VBZ	accuses	accuse
NNP NNP NNP ( died CD ) was a late JJ student at NNP university , whose preserved lecture notes are one of the few sources for the curriculum of the only JJ swedish university .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the park contains several NN NNS including NNP NNP , NNP NNP negro and NNP las VBZ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP easy monitor works by VBG increased levels of VBG NN ( NNP ) in NN collected from JJ JJ test NNS .	3	4	VBZ	works	work
NNP , NNS , lions , NNS are best to be seen in the northern part ( above the NNP ) .	2	7	VBP	are	is
another theory VBZ that the name is a JJ form of NN , NNP for `` joined '' , `` connected '' , or `` attached '' , referring to the peninsula 's JJ relation to the mainland .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a notable exception to this theory is premium NN ( that needs a NNP project article created !	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the advance is due to a positive mass balance ; that is , more snow NNS than snow and ice NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
march 2007 ( utc ) this entry is completely acceptable and provides a full and accurate definition including a reference to popular culture .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
several tools have been created specifically for NN ; however any sharp implement will do though a range of blades of different NNS allows the removal of more or less of the ink at will .	17	23	VBZ	allows	allow
the so-called NN ( hip ) NN exercise also appears to help in reducing pain intensity and duration .	7	9	VBZ	appears	appear
the home ownership rate ( JJ housing units to total units ) is 92 .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
jazz singers are two groups the perform on numerous occasions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the next step is the NN ring .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that same content appears to be shared in the answers .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the setting in this painting is a composite of rooms at NNP ( including NNP family NNS ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
both animal and human figures VBP for NN , a NN in JJ art that VBZ the unique value of the site .	4	5	VBP	strive	strives
the city is in the NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the population of NNP is CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the facility includes 30 private study rooms open 24 hours a day ; JJ NNS with NNS VBN to financial news channels ; and an adjacent food court , NN and gift shop .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the above diffs are bad enough .	2	3	VBP	are	is
placement of the speedy deletion tag is a nomination open to any editor who believes it is VBN .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
blue background is the runner-up and also qualified for the final stage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
until there is consensus that these claims satisfy the blp policy , they have no place in the article .	6	7	VBP	satisfy	satisfies
the cost of NNP testing is relatively high ( about JJ NNP per dog per year ) and $ directly by NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS take NNP and martin to their boss who asks them for money they should return .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
NNP i , king of NNP , VBZ NNP , and his half brother NNP i VBZ NNP , both daughters of the NNP king NNP .	12	16	VBZ	marries	marry
the picture of franz is that of a JJ german who is easily VBN , VBZ his moral judgment , and becomes increasingly VBN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP brothers quit after these recordings , with mike NNP later joining tony NNP 's band the NNP to be back with mike ball on guitar and NNP NNP on drums .	2	3	VBP	quit	quits
a more powerful variant of comparing the balance between calcium and VB NN is to perform a 3 hour calcium NN .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
speedy keep this article is necessary to keep the main lost article free of long tables .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the operational section is the foundation of the JJ structure .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS usually shoot two NNS per round , with the NN being shot first .	1	3	VBP	shoot	shoots
when you think another editor did something incorrect , give a diff , and explain why you think the thing itself is incorrect .	19	21	VBZ	is	are
sometimes the weapons will be in the ring before the match starts , although occasionally weapons will be handed to the wrestlers during the action .	10	11	VBZ	starts	start
the name of the place had its origin from the word NNP VBD ' in malayalam , which means the place of deer as NNP ' means deer and NNP ' means place .	31	32	VBP	place	places
each side has its own name .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the roof of the north NN chapel is early JJ with JJ NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
these camps often dominate discussions so much that rational statements simply get VBN .	1	3	VBP	dominate	dominates
a health fair is an educational and interactive event designed for outreach to provide basic JJ medicine and medical screening to people in the community or employees at work in conjunction with NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all kinds of NN and beautiful NNS for ladies are available in this market .	1	9	VBP	are	is
without much space under the salary cap and high draft picks to work with , NNP was severely limited in the moves that he could make in VBG from al davis ' JJ approach , that had made the raiders become totally JJ into the more modern approach .	39	40	VBP	become	becomes
at 2 km , an access road turns west into NNP JJ .	6	7	VBZ	turns	turn
this style of medicine is now dominant throughout the JJ world , and is often termed NN by medical NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ music performance or network musical performance is a real-time interaction over a computer network that enables musicians in different locations to perform as if they were in the same room .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the novel 's most RB obvious theme is JJ - defined as `` NN in place or spirit '' .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the sydney NNP authority confirmed that the test was accurate , but said the water gets JJR to drink in the lower river , approaching NNP dam .	14	15	VBZ	gets	get
colin reader , a british NN , agrees that the suggested evidence of VBG indicates JJ water erosion .	11	14	VBZ	indicates	indicate
a unique feature of NNP is the ability to VB focus after the image is recorded , since all focus planes are recorded simultaneously by the NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the plant occurs in florida NN habitat on deep , dry , white sand in NNS among sand NNS ( NNP NN ) and other NN flora .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the districts are JJ into divisions and further into local wards .	1	2	VBP	are	is
desire is the root of evil , NN is the root of evil .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
work begins on the third and largest church at NNP .	0	1	VBZ	begins	begin
most JJ watches are heavily influenced by classical swiss railway NNS , and according to the NNP web site , NNP is the official swiss railways watch .	25	26	VBP	watch	watches
as JJ secrets get revealed day by day , an island of paradise slowly turns into an island of death .	10	14	VBZ	turns	turn
the `` cloth '' component is most commonly a cotton NN textile ( a .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
scholars and NNS in this field include lawrence NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
possession of a certain station means not only to experience it RB , but to be RB transformed by it and , in a sense , to VB the stage itself .	0	5	VBZ	means	mean
NNP area on august 31 , 2011 , despite the fact there is no requirement to make changes or to shut down these NNS .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the school mascot is the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and other NNS follow the noun ( JJ NN `` great king '' ) .	1	5	VBP	follow	follows
smooth surfaces in NNP spaces are NNP spaces .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the exterior of the building is also somewhat JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
be that as it may , the movie does appear notable , but the current article is unacceptable , reading like a press release .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the most JJ feature to the capitol building is the dome .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
he often VBZ the girls with his attitude and constant missions , but when he is in danger , the girls are there to help .	20	21	VBP	are	is
no reference that this municipality exists in the santiago province , this is a blank page with no information .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
what i am saying is that the image has a lot of dirt that can be seen when using the NN and should be corrected .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
links are to the last version of the page before the section was archived or moved .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the overall NNP route , of which the NNP is but a link , passes NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP as the NNP road , and NNP ( from NNP to belfast ) .	3	14	VBZ	passes	pass
the NNP group and cycle action auckland argue that NN options are available , and that provision for a JJ and NN could relatively easily be included in the bridge VBG works currently being planned for the NNS .	10	11	VBP	are	is
dogs tend to be JJR than wolves at JJ learning , being more JJ to instrumental NN .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
the badge is to be worn on the left side of the outer NN suspended from a ribbon .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
note that swimming speed is a complicated thing anyway and probably should have some connection to size anyway .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
their most obvious distinction from other orders of insects is that a typical fly possesses a pair of flight wings on the NN and a pair of NNS , derived from the NN wings , on the NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
he had been interviewed by the bears for their head coaching position , but was later hired as special teams coach and assistant head coach .	19	20	VBP	coach	coaches
the specimen is incomplete , and the JJ features of the animal are currently unknown .	8	12	VBP	are	is
the first model airport comes with 22 NNS , various logo NNS ( airlines and sponsors ) and comes with lights that VBP the interior of the terminal .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the practice of NN , which draws from NN in two languages at the same time suggests that these NNS are not stored or processed separately .	1	16	VBZ	suggests	suggest
trains on the NNP branch VBZ a sharp curve of almost 180 degrees where the line then passes st NNP freight yard and the old platforms of st NNP railway station , which also has a signal box which is still open .	15	17	VBZ	passes	pass
NN , as a form of JJ energy to be VBN , has similarities to acoustic and JJ NNP , but also has distinct differences that make it useful , especially in JJ ground NNS ( NNP ) .	0	12	VBZ	has	have
the game also contains NNP NNP NNP 3 .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
for example , scales used in NNP , at the eastern tip of java , are very similar to scales used in NNP , a short distance away on NNP .	3	15	VBP	are	is
article 10 of the north atlantic treaty limits membership extension to european states .	0	7	VBZ	limits	limit
its major NNS are the western ring road , midland highway and the NNP highway .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a satellite in such an orbit is at an altitude of approximately above mean sea level .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
has been the subject of multiple JJ published works whose source is independent from the musician or ensemble itself and reliable '' and `` has released two or more albums on a major label or one of the more important indie labels ( i .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
this feature saves time on busy river routes .	1	2	VBZ	saves	save
by mental navigation checks , a pilot or a NN estimates tracks , distances , and NNS which then will help him or her avoid gross navigation errors .	6	10	VBZ	estimates	estimate
the NN area is usually JJ with the broadcast range of all NNP weather radio stations VBD from any particular office , though the broadcast NN followed by `` listening area '' is often used .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the island is only a couple of blocks from the spirit lake indian reservation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nasa has used or supported various NNS and NNS , and an example of this is the nasa NNP telescope facility .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
the novel 's form is unusual in that there is no traditional narrative voice , one of the primary features of fiction .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a specific example is the circle related to housing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the photographer 's NNP notes say that it can be used for JJ purposes as long as there 's NN .	4	5	VBP	say	says
the JJS force platform is a plate with a single NN , VBN as a load cell .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
note that not all versions of the film have a JJ dream sequence and other JJ figures are left by NNP without a corresponding dream sequence .	4	8	VBP	have	has
keith has discussed in depth the `` complexity of the issue of violence '' in the organization 's eponymous book , and how it is `` JJ that people who care about justice want to reject violence ; many of us are survivors of it .	28	33	VBP	want	wants
social games are games you do n't have to play .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP site looks like a blog .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look
his usual position is JJ and he previously played for the blues .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
languages the database interface is available in .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS consisting only of a divided field are somewhat more frequent in germany than elsewhere .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the exterior is mainly granite , and part of the roof is covered in JJ JJ tiles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am afraid i disagree with you - the fact that other languages have an article provides some support for the idea we have one , but maybe not sufficient .	9	16	VBZ	provides	provide
the gray fox ( NNP NN ) ranges throughout most of the southern half of north america from southern canada to the northern part of south america ( venezuela and colombia ) .	2	7	VBZ	ranges	range
this film is the story of a JJ old boy who lives with his father , mother , little sister and grandmother in a cottage in one of the NNS in the north of iran .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he is a fan of russian wrestler NNP NNP , and his interests include russian cinema and music .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
an 1843 NN map , held at the dorset county records office , shows that the land then formed part of howe farm .	3	13	VBZ	shows	show
norman lindsay , for example , wrote that `` my personal opinion is that the average woman reads much better stuff than the average man '' .	16	17	VBZ	reads	read
this village is also famous for the NN green forest , the NNP reserved forest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fire represents destruction , pain , and death .	0	1	VBZ	represents	represent
only thing i take seriously is your JJ abuse of your authority .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( or VBN man ) is a ritual `` NN '' in australian aboriginal culture ( specifically the term comes from the NNP people ) .	19	20	VBZ	comes	come
the portrait of NNP NNP NNP is an oil painting by NNP , dating to CD .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
its aim is to provide a quality and unique information and entertainment service to the university students , and to be an open space for the student to be informed and debate upon the topics that concern them directly .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN NN is an expanded version of the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if a transport category helicopter has only one engine it is only eligible to be a class b ( or performance group 2 ) helicopter .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
senator hatch thought that NNP VBD his band 's us tour because `` he or she or whatever the case might be realizes that he can be RB VBN and that his work is RB offensive .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
displaying code in these things is not really appropriate for wikipedia ; NNP , maybe .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if the NN is moving with constant velocity , well , the plane is already on a giant spinning sphere , will no ill effect on its ability to take off .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
but only allowing very recent pages to be deleted per NNP without an admin would leave the JJ ones for an admin to consider and should avoid situations where a template becomes important and then the author wants it deleted .	30	31	VBZ	becomes	become
the place name NNP first appears on a number of 19th century maps , although roy 's CD map notes POS ' as a hamlet in the old NNP area .	2	5	VBZ	appears	appear
block wars in which a user is repeatedly blocked and JJ , are extremely harmful .	1	12	VBP	are	is
wikipedia is more complicated than a school , and yet thousands of new users approach wikipedia as if they already understand it .	10	14	VBP	approach	approaches
claims that the article is not well sourced and that the documentary was not released are , RB , UH .	0	15	VBP	are	is
his medical degree is from the university of virginia and he performed his general surgery NN and JJ NN at yale university .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ variations , typically occurring over decades to VB , are predominantly the result of JJ action in the earth 's core .	2	11	VBP	are	is
other acclaimed examples of science fiction visual novels include NNP 's NNP ( 1996 ) and CD .	2	8	VBP	include	includes
in 1925 , hart discovered that trace amounts of copper are necessary for iron NN .	7	10	VBP	are	is
in 2007 NNP NNP , whose restaurant `` NNP '' is the second NN NN in the town of NNP earned his third NNP star .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the district serves NNP and some unincorporated areas in st .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the NN parent is , the option of just making this would also make some sense .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the game is okay to delete because it fails the wp user rules .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
there are no JJ NNS for steve wright in the afternoon per se , as the name and format is unique to steve wright and the show 's production crew .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
his mother , a nurse , is from trinidad , and his VBD father , a NN , is from british NNP ( now NNP ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the design varies from region to region , but share basic similarities that distinguish the NN NN from the NN .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
the delta region encompasses the area of northwestern mississippi in the watershed of the NNP and mississippi rivers .	2	3	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
many manufacturers utilize the body of their dedicated cutting tool for the combination tool .	1	2	VBP	utilize	utilizes
RB mode is active up to with range of .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
keep - i see that the term is not able to get enough notability , very low in fact but not zero .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
i think the infinite JJ group is an example .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
my two sisters and i own the family estate .	2	5	VBP	own	owns
bronze star NNS are not notable on their own .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in addition to VBG methods within most NNS , many external applications offer JJ management .	11	12	VBP	offer	offers
of course , the idea is that this new knowledge is to be transferred to the VBG portion of the brain for future use , so the sleeping brain would only have additional knowledge for a short period .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
my feeling is most of these are just one VBD JJ `` NNS '' from the pov of the losing team that VBZ a year or two later .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song is the last song in the storyline of the NNP , which brings the stories from `` candy feat .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
today , NNP is home to a catholic church , a school , several homes , a post office , and the NNP NNP house of prayer , all centered around the headquarters of the NNP ranch , but no businesses are active other than the ranch .	40	41	VBP	are	is
though some sources suggest that theodore roosevelt served in a JJ capacity in the navy , the fact that the 1919 navy directory lists lieutenant harry d .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
these lists are without JJ value .	1	2	VBP	are	is
on the other hand , rulers and their children are more likely to be assassinated than ordinary individuals are .	17	18	VBP	are	is
when played in a game of forty NNP , the NNP is placed on the foundations while the natural card is JJ .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
his work also appears on anthology of australian music on disc ( sound recording ) .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
an essay from the book is online at `` a NN on NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the village of NNP st NNP is immediately across the NNP motorway .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
one definition in french NNP is indeed JJ NN , meaning chronic NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the movie starts with the family having four children with JJ as eldest son and three girls .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
NNP was the surname of an english NN or landed family descended from the lords of the manor of NNP in sussex who derived their surname from the name of the place where their estates lay .	34	35	VBP	lay	lays
methods of control include keeping the plants cut down or pulling them up , taking care to remove the large roots .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the industry of the district is essentially food industry and timber industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the wright brothers leave NNP hawk , n .	2	3	VBP	leave	leaves
NNS , however , have said that NNP 's work is powerful enough on its own that it would have VBN from being exhibited in a more neutral space .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
its structure is simple and is composed of short song sequences delivered at a low frequency range .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the bridge now in use through the village is a low level concrete structure .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
it seems to me that the meaning of these two words has only RB VBN apart as technology progressed , and any real JJ difference - at least to the NN - is JJ .	24	32	VBZ	is	are
further discussion just feeds the NN , NNP NN , who is now listed as a banned user .	1	3	VBZ	feeds	feed
it was expected to be christmas before that happened , so the rapid progress is notable NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the revolution will not be televised , the revolution is here .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNS , birmingham NNP company , were the water works for birmingham and had been incorporated by statute for the purpose of VBG birmingham with water .	9	10	VBZ	works	work
july 2007 ( utc ) expansion of the body is now complete ; the article is now over twice the size it was before .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of the shell NNP marathon race is to drive as far as possible on the least amount of fuel .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
in addition , three streets also take their name from NNP ( i .	4	6	VBP	take	takes
york region transit ( NNP ) , NNP , and go transit routes connect to this terminal .	12	13	VBP	connect	connects
blank NNS are also still offered at this time by the company .	1	2	VBP	are	is
modern collections of his work include news of love .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
one such population is the trout of lake crescent in washington state that was formerly considered to be a separate subspecies called the NNP trout , NNP NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the last section serves as a good conclusion for the article .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
NNP or not , the duck test needs also considered .	6	7	VBZ	needs	need
another NN associated with the use of sodium as a NN is the NN of NNS to generate the JJ NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the audience vote is not for `` those who want to eliminate the but for those who want to win .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ operations are restricted to JJ objects that either NN or are in the immediate vicinity of the JJ line whenever it stops , and the complete solution is available once the line has passed over all objects .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the latter already addresses the overview of what this role involves ( i .	9	10	VBZ	involves	involve
due to the last great 's JJ fighting with him , the internal struggle with the other NNP causes them to attempt to release themselves from his body .	13	18	VBZ	causes	cause
other NNS such as joe NNP and NNP NNP employ these techniques and steve NNP has played with his tongue on several occasions .	1	9	VBP	employ	employs
other examples are a NNP plate or advanced such as the NNP , a laboratory instrument that makes visible the inherent NNS within sound and music .	1	2	VBP	are	is
françois NNS la NN , NNP , 1991 .	1	2	VBP	la	la
the NN to the fictional character makes this discussion NN .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make
the NN , JJ leaves are up to 18 NNS long , NN in opposite pairs along the stem .	4	5	VBP	are	is
an extremely efficient metro system connects NNP garden with most parts of the delhi .	4	5	VBZ	connects	connect
each version has an exclusive cover art .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , NNP figures are the most distinctive form of NNP sculpture .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the fundamental group is a NN from the category of pointed spaces into the category of groups , and the NN that you have to use is the free product ( the NN in NNP ) , not the direct sum ( the NN in ab ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its soundtrack features the NN track `` NNP '' by hot NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this crater is circular in shape , with little appearance of wear .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name maybe , the rest is fine .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
other attractions include the NNP mountain range , just to the southwest , complete with many hiking and recreational opportunities .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
similar themes of a NN also occur in the NNP , christ ii , and the NNP .	1	6	VBP	occur	occurs
the NNP roller coaster is tall and has two NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
all JJ transactions are generally JJ also .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this means that part of a prophet 's responsibility is not to speak when the lord has not spoken .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the article 's main purpose seems to be to promote NNP .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
the hamlet of inlet is on the eastern tip of fourth lake near the west town line .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the range is a JJ NN made up of volcanic island NN , deep ocean NNS , JJ ocean floor , parts of old NNS , submarine fans , and even pieces of the deep JJ NN of the earth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the various JJ sites are unlikely to become as popular as wikipedia , and they are unlikely to be as generally useful - because centuries of human experience have shown that beliefs based directly on facts ( e .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the story of tony tough 2 follows a day in the life of tony tough as he VBZ alien landings and ancient indian cultures in his hometown of washington , new mexico during the early 1950s .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow
all members of this family have two JJ cells in the NN .	1	5	VBP	have	has
other points with the prose include sentences such as `` the episode first aired in the united states on may 20 , 2001 on fox , and subsequently aired in the united kingdom .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
a note on naming conventions ( as it has come up in previous nominations ) , it is the project mos that dog breed names have each word VBN ( e .	24	25	VBP	have	has
the expectations of a candidate program are that they will continue to mature in accordance with stated plans .	1	6	VBP	are	is
although traditional NNS 's clubs are no longer as popular or influential as they originally were , many have seen a significant NN in popularity and status in recent years .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the project continues because , according to its author , it is needed .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the company has 110 employees and approximately 12 percent of the swedish ice cream market .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the case is interesting , the person is not .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the matter is not helped by the relief map of NNP bay on which the far coast appears to point due south .	16	17	VBZ	appears	appear
but the revolution starts with pace .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
the plot is a failure , and the NNS are all killed ( in the narrator 's opinion , `` very likely '' by american agents in NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some of the creatures featured originally came from the original franchise in either VBN and renamed form while the other creatures are exclusive to this franchise .	20	21	VBP	are	is
his fields of research are migration and refugees , and sociology of sport .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the selected stories tend to be NNS of previously published works , and some are decades old .	2	3	VBP	tend	tends
relations between the two countries are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is
opponents claim that advocates generally want to VB peace through their particular religion only and have little tolerance of other NNS .	3	5	VBP	want	wants
article can be recreated if production ever actually gets underway .	5	8	VBZ	gets	get
the museum also has an extensive depot , situated at NNP , that contains material impossible to display at the central london museum , including many additional road vehicles , trains , collections of signs and advertising materials .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the restrictions on addition of information are more than adequate to deal with anything that may be a problem to wikipedia .	1	6	VBP	are	is
many NNP NN images also date from this period , often found alongside the predominantly hindu images of shiva and NNP .	3	5	VBP	date	dates
i feel this person is very civil .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the company i work for has a small budget for this kind of thing and i am already spending my money on an expensive wireless card to help out getting my service calls .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
humans have such an advantage over other species due to technology that they would have to have an extremely serious genetic disease to all die off .	0	1	VBP	have	has
expansion plans announced by the NNP include a series of `` express NNP '' dedicated JJ lines that would operate through the second planned `` NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
another place he has been particularly JJ is myspace , but at least some of those pages have RB been deleted .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ the conversation , and discusses lawrence 's request to be transferred from arabia - a request NNP turns down .	17	19	VBZ	turns	turn
NNP service areas include application support and development , application portfolio management , testing , enterprise collaboration and content management , enterprise application integration , business intelligence and data NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
a commercial vehicle is any type of motor vehicle used for VBG goods or paid passengers .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as an affiliate of the NNP spanish television network , the station serves the greater portland and bend , oregon metropolitan areas .	11	12	VBZ	serves	serve
i believe indirect and or direct threat is also an offense .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
given his JJ trial and the number of witnesses present , either story is unlikely at best .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the incident is obviously notable enough to be on the main page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bell NNP domestic NN has no NNS in NNP and southern germany , shows no genetic relation to the local late copper age NNP NNP , nor to other cultures in the area , and is considered something completely new .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the word derives from the greek NN meaning JJ or NN .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
plus , you implied that a NN film is non-notable , regardless of other factors .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the town 's sister city is richmond , indiana , usa .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
conflict theory VBZ social conflict and related issues such as economic NN , social NN , NN and crime .	1	2	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
the park features a rose garden , NN , NN , a sculpture of NNP , the queen of NNP , a holocaust memorial , NNS , and NNS ; during the summer it hosts concerts and festivals .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
each player has one special NN called NNP ( headquarters ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
activated if your opponent puts three or more creatures into the battle zone on that turn .	3	4	VBZ	puts	put
it has been confused with other species , such that the only reliable record is from its type locality at brighton , NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
keep this very brief summary allows the linking and expanding to other areas , such as the association of regional public works commissioners of ontario , allows the linking to other new areas for wiki such as ontario clean water agency and so on .	4	5	VBZ	allows	allow
his younger brother NNP is also a japanese footballer .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
today , the school district serves approximately CD students on three connected campuses .	4	5	VBZ	serves	serve
however , very few people want that as a policy !	4	5	VBP	want	wants
the JJ route begins at the lower NNP which is reached by walking from the NNP meadows NNP to NNP canyon and then up to the lower NNP on a trail that 's fairly well defined .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the renowned performer and singer NNP NNP currently resides in galway with well known dancer michael NNP .	2	8	VBZ	resides	reside
the town currently has an emergency hospital , an NNP NN , a secondary school , a primary school and one police station .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
women pay more attention to body language .	0	1	VBP	pay	pays
the players are in effect academic students participating in secondary sports as a NN , rather than as potential professional players .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the next court is the archbishop 's court , which is in canterbury called the arches court , and in york the NNP court .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
historians believe that the NNP NNP originated with NNP and NNP priests , JJ to the NNP .	0	1	VBP	believe	believes
the NNP party 's platform VBZ government intervention in the economy .	4	5	VBZ	opposes	oppose
ontario border NNS , the highway numbers change at each provincial boundary , or even change within a province as the NNP NNS along separate provincial highways en route .	6	7	VBP	change	changes
again , that image description page is invisible to the average NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in this sense , JJ equilibrium NN radiation may be regarded as JJ equilibrium NN radiation to which NNP 's law applies exactly , though no perfectly black body in NNP 's sense is present .	28	33	VBZ	is	are
the group 's leader and vocalist is NNP NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP operation is a partial NN , devised by franz von NNP , based upon a procedure by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
universal VBG algebra of a JJ lie algebra is a JJ JJ algebra .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
because stolen bases tend to help a team less than times caught stealing hurt , a player needs to have a high stolen base percentage in order to contribute much value to his team .	16	17	VBZ	needs	need
tradition says that a few minutes before death , he asked two catholic priests to come at him and stand each one aside of his body ; thus he described himself as `` dying between two NNS , like jesus christ in his NN '' .	0	1	VBZ	says	say
the earliest known method of memory storage and subsequent JJ reading is the NNP mechanism ( c .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand the objections i see seem reasonable .	5	8	VBP	seem	seems
some researchers distinguish environmental influences from JJ influences , while others include biological influences such as JJ NNS as part of environmental influences .	1	2	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
the station has an outside platform ( platform 1 ) and a central platform ( platform tracks 2 and 3 ) .	13	16	VBZ	tracks	track
the tone of the novel ( as well as the rest of the series ) is humorous to the point of parody and VBZ fun at many of the period 's NNS and NNS , as well as the NN novels popular at the time .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
today , the building serves as the village hall .	3	4	VBZ	serves	serve
this final section is entirely single NN in an urban environment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are like big mountains which will take very long time to VB whereas NN earned will get VBN very soon so it is very important that we always think of good and do not do any harm to any other living things .	0	1	VBP	are	is
its customers include JJ and large enterprises , contact centres , trade floors , emergency services , NNS and government .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's performances are `` more consistently JJ and JJ than on any of her previous efforts .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the surname means `` the volcano '' or `` the fire mountain '' ( JJ FW ' , FW POS ' ) , after NNP de NNP , later known as NNP de NNP , later the site of the cities of NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
a few recently opened systems in north america use JJ trains , including the river line in new jersey ( opened in 2004 ) , the NNP in ottawa ( opened in 2001 ) , and the NNP in northern san diego county , california .	4	8	VBP	use	uses
source images are not properly linked , authors are not properly attributed , tagged as own work but should be tagged as derivative work of other images ; without source impossible to verify the given license .	7	8	VBP	are	is
i feel that the editing atmosphere should be as free and JJ as possible , and the NNP policy is one of the ways to ensure that .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
although no new series 90 devices are expected , a form of the NNP lives on as NNP 's NNP user interface in the NNP shipped with NNP internet NNPS .	10	14	VBZ	lives	live
the head has a VBN JJ NN , a dark cap , and a dark spot below and behind the brown eye .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
to truly understand the concept of window NN it is necessary to understand where the stereo window itself is .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
moral NNS such as `` murder is wrong '' are seen as divine laws , requiring a divine NN and judge .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the role of a bc is to act as an interface between the bank and its customers in places where traditional banking is not JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
VBN , low quality image is not encyclopedic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP has argued that `` the name change is official .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the JJ paper , the NN of which is NNP NNP , looks very similar to NNP 's NNP NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
examples include `` the formula is necessary in order to prevent the concentrated weight on a truck 's NN from producing stress .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
most people are either employed in NNP or run their own business mainly related to coal .	1	2	VBP	are	is
diamond is a JJ given name derived from the name of the diamond NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's other film credits include `` NNP NNP '' from the cult horror film near dark and `` love grammar '' from the karen black movie flight of the NNP NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
modern computers store and process binary ; whether a given piece of binary data is a number , letter , or something else can not necessarily be determined by looking at that piece of data .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP first JJ village in germany is NNP in the district of NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the page history consists almost entirely of an edit war reverting the redirect back and forth .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP JJ NNS VBP similarly to JJ NNS ; the only difference being a slight delay into NN and consequently , cells are slightly larger than in JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	behave	behaves
the mine consists of a nearly JJ JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
greene and colleagues have proposed an alternative to the social NN model suggesting that JJ moral NNS , which involve rights and duties , are driven primarily by NN , while JJ NNS aimed at promoting the greater good are JJ by controlled cognitive reasoning processes .	32	39	VBP	are	is
NNP 's credits include the television crime drama a touch of frost , NNP and the soap operas NNP and coronation street .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
evidence from the 1st century ad shows some cultural NNS with the greeks .	0	6	VBZ	shows	show
parts of the surrounding reef are above water at high tide .	0	5	VBP	are	is
no books were published listing those who VBD in 1941 ; however , the present day archives of estonia and latvia still have the lists of all those who left in this year .	16	22	VBP	have	has
the software package is under active development and new features are released frequently .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a further advantage of this technique for sexual NN is that any slight remaining traces of JJ material will - due to the presence of the JJ - tend to VB to the wall of the NN rather than to any foreign object which may subsequently be inserted .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
principle NNS include the NNP , NNP grande NNP less and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the labor intensive area it serves is the coast area and state NN as all the services offered are completely free .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
one single road leads south to the island 's main town of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead
in media , an echo chamber is a situation in which information , ideas , or beliefs are VBN or reinforced by transmission inside an `` enclosed '' space , often VBG out outside views .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a particularly important case of this is political argument .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
another popular landmark is the brand factory mall .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the same position is JJ , the employer must provide the worker with a position that is substantially equal in pay , benefits , and responsibility .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
also , NNP fm radio stations use a JJ call sign , NNP .	5	6	VBP	use	uses
a boy goes to visit his aunt , which leads to a trip inside an abandoned mine filled with unusual shapes and a dark secret .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the book ( biological basis ) is RB also in the all india institute VBD medical sciences library just across the road and it is by NNP NNP NNP and is dated 1988 , much before the article on the abc .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
however , you will find that most national governments use NN as the only method for gathering `` ethnicity '' data , because its the only method that works .	8	9	VBP	use	uses
if the change has to be made , then it would probably be a case for a bot .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
while NNP NNP is the chief instructor , other NNS include NNP NNP of the NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	9	10	VBP	include	includes
authors of JJ works are real people .	0	4	VBP	are	is
a new article about a term used to describe a geographical feature in the east NNP region deserves , i believe , a wider audience ; especially considering NN , one of the documented NNS of the term , has other more widely used meanings !	2	17	VBZ	deserves	deserve
and RB as before , these points have nothing in common with the law practiced today during elections to polish parliament .	6	7	VBP	have	has
i think motivation is still off limits there .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the terminal branches have a tendency to VB and VB .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the online archive includes all issues since october 2006 .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
that said , i tend to remove unsourced NN based on ethnicity , because ethnicity is very often a contentious issue .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
her record NNS are really worried about it .	2	3	VBP	are	is
deletion discussions happen on wikipedia all the time .	1	2	VBP	happen	happens
the traditional role of women in french society involves domestic duties such as VBG , preparation of NNS in the JJ fashion that involves a `` succession of courses eaten one at a time '' , child NN , NN of crops , and VBG to farm animals .	2	8	VBZ	involves	involve
this elevated conception of his art is in itself no small merit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
some goods and services are `` JJ '' .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ hip replacement is not standard of care -- so all we have again is a NN , and his own patent on a non-notable medical device .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this is the most dangerous pass in hockey both because it provides the best opportunity to score and because if the intended receiver VBZ it , there is a strong NN that the NN will come to an opponent with few NNS to the net .	22	23	VBZ	misses	miss
all tables are available at the start of play , but some require you to use credits .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the average flow at victoria falls is , with a maximum recorded flow of .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the set erected for this film is JJ and the computer technique for a song is JJ .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
its NN characteristics include large , JJ ears and a `` roman '' nose .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
it is impossible to edit the bird article to VB with the equal validity NN , as the NNP NNS are JJ .	19	20	VBP	are	is
RB later released four more albums on columbia records for NNP productions which were 1978 's that 's what friends are for , 1979 's when love comes calling , my melody released in 1981 and 1982 's NNP respectively .	19	20	VBP	Are	Is
the standard rate for the illegal sale of one bottle of NN is 1 , 500 NNS .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the kinds of private bills that are still introduced include grants of citizenship to individuals who are otherwise JJ for normal NN processing ; NN of tax NNS ; armed services NNS and veteran benefits .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
like many artists on k records , their style is JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
one ship , NNP , starting at the mouth of NNP river sank after being moved RB and forward in the river ; its NN is still visible from the road to NNP .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the online application ( NN ) for visiting this island is available in chinese at here ) .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
one such modification is NN , which happens to many NNS and structural proteins in the process of cell NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other factors which may affect the properties of lunar soil include large temperature NNS , the presence of a hard vacuum , and the absence of a significant lunar magnetic field ( thereby allowing charged solar wind particles to continuously hit the surface of the moon ) .	1	10	VBP	include	includes
this technique helps to VB the dc bias settings of the two coupled circuits .	1	2	VBZ	helps	help
the standards upon which the law enforcement accreditation program is based reflect the current thinking and experience of law enforcement practitioners and researchers .	1	11	VBP	reflect	reflects
the NN can then be removed and the NN is ready to move on .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the road turns to the east and continues through VBN areas with some homes , heading into NNP .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
the song is a JJ essay of sorts on expectations and the JJ NNS of a person by others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the term derives from the greek NN ( NNP ) , meaning `` grey '' , NN ( NNP ) , `` JJ cord '' , and NNP , which VBZ NN .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
the smaller lake that lies to the southwest is around deep .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the eggs and larvae of JJ JJ live on or near the surface of the sea .	1	7	VBP	live	lives
the current version is NNP community 5 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bio , i am now a strong keep - all college basketball players are notable .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the aim is to serve clients from the country 's mining industry and will compete with NNP air and royal jet .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as water and coal is consumed , the weight over the drivers is reduced , thereby reducing their factor of NN , the ratio of weight on drivers to VB effort .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the way it works is they VBP points for loss of accuracy .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this list of people from the london borough of NNP includes residents who were either born or VBN for a substantial period within the borders of this modern london borough .	1	10	VBZ	includes	include
VBN helmet covers and NNS were issued in the 1950s in `` wine leaf '' and `` brown cloud '' patterns .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
english phrase is literally translated into irish , even though an equivalent irish phrase already exists .	13	15	VBZ	exists	exist
this JJ definition of the categories RB defines a preference structure .	2	7	VBZ	defines	define
it is important to note that all classical and modern biological weapons organisms are animal diseases , the only exception being NN .	12	13	VBP	are	is
NNS ' house when her family fails to pick her up due to a NN .	5	6	VBZ	fails	fail
the towns of NNP and NNP are in the valley 's north , and the central and north of the valley contains broken NNS , with short NNS VBG from the surrounding mountain ranges .	1	6	VBP	are	is
in both NNS the final two segment of each leg has no other NNS , but the other segments in both NNS have JJ NNS and many JJ NNS , and those of males also scattered white NNS .	18	22	VBP	have	has
the JJ tag means that the other articles do not link to the [ [ NNP ] ] article .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
the original NN from this era refers to `` the home 40 , the farming 40 , and the horse VBZ 40 '' , each tract consisting of of land .	2	6	VBZ	refers	refer
the major NNS of the NNP river include NNP creek and the back river .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
another issue is what could be done about it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most recent addition to the list of designated areas is the city of kingston .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
where the risk of harm is very small , or the harm not really serious , the reasonable person will not VB the possibility of harm to others .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the problem of this discussion is elsewhere .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the resolution obtained during the JJ period can be determined by making the assumption that the NN output at the end of the JJ phase is zero .	17	25	VBZ	is	are
in fact , NNP had VBN about the translation with lord alfred because he thought his work NN ; the english text appears to be NNP 's own work , with lord alfred 's as a basis .	21	22	VBZ	appears	appear
a model article is always useful for ideas - i note that NNP indians is a good article and may be useful for ideas on style , structure , refs , etc .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this community is southeast of NNP in neighbouring norfolk county and south of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the player gets an `` out '' for any strikes or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the starting point for each player is the flower NN on the column to the left of his home column .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS continue to award NNS and medals of merit on a regular basis which do not VB noble status with the exception of the spanish noble chapters of the NNP order of the holy NNP which continue to require nobility as a condition for membership .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
the correct spelling seems to be `` fake four inc .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
another bug exists whereby it is possible to make a teacher completely VBP from the blue room .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the mare to the south and west of ibn NNP contains a number of ghost crater formations , consisting of crater NNS that have been VBN by lava flows and now form JJ NNS in the surface .	1	10	VBZ	contains	contain
claude ryan was completely VBN and his death is quite a good thing done ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
that coaster is still in operation and is the oldest coaster in japan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first part of `` historical and literary background '' starts out by talking about the historical events , such as the lisbon earthquake , but these are quickly VBN with .	2	10	VBZ	starts	start
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) ( earlier known as NNP ) is an assembly constituency in NNP NNP district in the indian state of west bengal .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
to be fair , the members of NNP are at least as diverse a bunch as the editors here , running the NN from NNS to very JJ and respected NNS .	5	8	VBP	are	is
the fortress '' is the sixth episode of the british NNP television series joe 90 .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the next example shows a map of the results of the 2008 usa presidential election .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
b NNS also qualify for instant NNP provided there is availability in the NNP NN class .	1	3	VBP	qualify	qualifies
the inclusion criteria for stubs are no different from the inclusion criteria for our longest articles .	2	5	VBP	are	is
except for the way in which the NN suit is determined the game is identical to pitch .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the earliest jewish resident of philadelphia of whom there is any record was NNP aaron , who was living there in CD .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the data page has a line for the signature of a passport holder .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the arabic NN marking also appears after NNS .	3	5	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP 's search leads her into dark towers where she meets edward 's father , lord dark .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead
but in reality , most terrorist attacks are done by residents of the NN where the attack takes place .	16	17	VBZ	takes	take
often , diagnosis is JJ , and based on clinical findings and the identification of a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since the train driver is not someone of a JJ or JJ level , the case against him was dismissed in the opening arguments .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this station is somewhat interesting in that the short piece of road under which this station is built is situated between two consecutive road tunnels nearby .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i suggest editors work on other , perhaps VBG articles .	2	3	VBP	work	works
the music file format used by the store is NNP without any NNP protection .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the one and only one reason is because citizens in us have procedure to VB district police commissioner of their district .	8	11	VBP	have	has
the NNP NN is a NN that is used for securing a fishing line to a fishing NN , NN or NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP beach users continue onto the JJ north unit beach which is poorly VBN and RB screened from view , which has led to a legal complaint by the property owners .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
the living representative that is closest to entering this list is NNP l .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the issue for us is that we need the NNP ' to list these on the guys site and wiki as a whole .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
other charitable NNS include providing signed auction items for the grammy foundation and NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNP member institutions offer athletic NNS ; subject to minimum academic requirements .	3	4	VBP	offer	offers
a recent discovery in the caves is that of the `` NNP NNP , '' NNP indian NNS from approximately three thousand years ago .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
because your organization does good works does not establish notability from an JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	does	do
i suppose your point is that the structures could be chosen to have VBG NNS , so they could VB for some silly reason .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
similarly , this article from asia africa intelligence wire is not a press release .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the point is that people tend to resist change and the NNS follow from this JJ NN rather than a careful review .	4	5	VBP	tend	tends
the NNP believe that for six months out of the year , the NNP spirits live in the NNP villages .	14	15	VBP	live	lives
in a book about vision in NNS , james NNP writes that double NNS tend to be sensitive to longer NNS of light than single NNS .	13	14	VBP	tend	tends
his research interest is on mathematical economics , social choice theory , and industrial organization .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ protein 8 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
his son chris is now a trustee on the toronto district school board .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
everybody likes white ; few people pay much attention to him .	5	6	VBP	pay	pays
cao courses - are only available by applying through the cao system www .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the area attracts both local day visitors and summer NNS who are interested in VBG , beaches and sunshine .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
delete , but hockey NNS always get me to VB .	4	6	VBP	get	gets
JJ prayers , VBG moments at which the fictional characters face extreme threats , can and do determine the events of the plot .	9	10	VBP	face	faces
if a one of those players finishes , he is called winner , and the game is keeping on still JJR wo n't appear , but since time , when first player leaves the game , teams are canceled .	31	32	VBZ	leaves	leave
fair use in die hard with a NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the delivery of the NN by NNS to the immune system in a way that VBZ a natural path may be a reason why JJ NNS stand out due to their excellent safety profile .	25	26	VBP	stand	stands
some programming languages directly support unit testing .	2	4	VBP	support	supports
NNP format contains two new singles `` NNP '' and `` NNP NNP NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the default should me to merge articles such as this , and the sort of article that should be kept and merged to , is the list of minor organizations .	13	24	VBZ	is	are
in some cases , notably NN NN , there are different methods of doing the same thing , and this guideline makes no preference of one system over another .	20	21	VBZ	makes	make
golden NNPS is NNP records ' series of humorous NNS of critically VBN cover versions of songs , performed mostly either by celebrities known for something other than musical talent or musicians not known for the genre from which the song they are covering comes .	40	44	VBZ	comes	come
this magazine seems quite notable to me .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the JJS wind damage occurs where a tropical cyclone 's NN passes over land .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
the song also features a sample from NNP 's i 'll stay .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
a famous collection of dance notation is the NNP collection , which was recorded in the method of notation devised by vladimir NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these intelligent management systems allow to increase NN and sales and reduce operating costs by ensuring that customer is served by the staff that are the most qualified according to the request .	3	4	VBP	allow	allows
bizarre events begin to occur the following day , such as NNS and NNS that RB break or bend and furniture that moves on its own NN .	1	2	VBP	begin	begins
if two or more people are directly responsible for the NN NN , they can be charged as joint NNS ( see common purpose ) .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the key itself has only trivial encyclopedic value and is unfortunately a piece of trivia that could VB attract the NN of an organization with a lot of legal NN and a history of using it readily .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
portions of the NNP plateau , the springfield plateau of southwest missouri and northern arkansas , are JJ by NNP NN VBZ locally referred to as NNP VBD consisting of limestone and NN layers .	0	16	VBP	are	is
this form of NN helps in VBG the problem of evil and in VBG that god 's love for the world is essential to who god is .	1	4	VBZ	helps	help
i think the answer to your first question is open for debate and therefore argues for inclusion , and the second is a red NN in that we are looking at what is appropriate here , not elsewhere ) .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
pirate NNP article is totally JJ , adds no viable description .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an exhibition is a type of scholarship award or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a board member 's term is for four years and is limited to a total of two terms .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
males make a JJ JJ call from beside or floating in the water of , dam NNS , NNS , NNS , and JJ pools .	0	1	VBP	make	makes
what options have i got to ( legally ) live ( and get JJ NN ) there .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in ukrainian , the NNS derived from NNP are NNP and NNP , but not NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the parish also contains NNP chase - the largest remaining NN of NN NN in NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
either way , the current version is not up to the standards required for a wikipedia NN , and unless we can agree on whether it is a hoax or not , i doubt it can be improved .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
when actual results are better than expected results given NN is described as favorable NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a norwegian NN company called NNP sells `` NNP '' ( NNP ) , and states CD of proteins per CD serve ; 26 .	3	6	VBZ	sells	sell
among them the name of NNP NNP NNP is worthy to mention who was also the first head master of the school .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
staff members explain that amy does not see the problems with the food that many customers see , and that NNP will VB out at any customer who VBZ NN .	15	16	VBP	see	sees
NNP 's green guitar he often uses on stage is a NNP NN , he also owns a NNP del ray .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the picture , like the play , is a tender thing and JJ , fantastic in its way , yet firmly VBN in human soil .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
current members include ian NNP and peter baker .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
it does not have a hospital or clinic , people often have to travel to NNP city to get a health care service .	9	11	VBP	have	has
NNP tag already has that functionality .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the JJ accused editor quickly learns that wikipedia policy VBZ him to organize his own gang of warrior editors .	3	5	VBZ	learns	learn
american NNS tend to become VBN as you move RB , reflecting how these areas were settled , and alaska is no exception .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
comment the primary editor seems to have left the project .	0	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the two primary schools in the area are NNP school , located on a quiet suburban street near the golf course , and terrace end school , located on NNP street .	3	7	VBP	are	is
her research is in the natural NN of climate and changes in climate due to natural and JJ changes in NN forcing ( such as NN warming , climate effects of volcanic NNS and changes in solar radiation ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
practice , notation , and RB vary widely for all of these NNS , and this article as a whole addresses an JJ JJ standard .	16	20	VBZ	addresses	address
the NN painting ( illustration , left ) that shows a NN before the journey is by john NNP who later became an associate of the royal academy .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
it is not entirely clear what this drawing is from .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
his men capture the flash and bring him to the NN .	1	2	VBP	capture	captures
the career section 's first sentence has a NN error with extra space added .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
JJ NN NNS have the potential for the treatment of JJ diseases in humans .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the proportion of tertiary industry is lower than other cities in most departments because of their very low levels of NN but remains similar to other cities in NNP such as NNS and NNPS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the aboriginal people also bring their own RB based , JJ styles to the interview .	2	4	VBP	bring	brings
the standard of domestic rugby is relatively low in poland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ members include JJ engineers , pilots , maintenance NNS , NNS , air traffic NNS , NNS NNS , airport managers , business owners , NNS , artists , students , flight NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
though different NNP ethnic groups have different sets of rules , some rules are common for all groups .	12	13	VBP	are	is
some writers argue that , like VBG or making a will , voting is an exercise of the informed will and can not RB be done by NN .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
NN is secondary canon ; the story itself is considered NN , but the JJ elements are still a canon part of the star wars universe .	15	16	VBP	are	is
NNP burns '' bishop contacts NNP and tells him where the real bomb is .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
while i still have some issues with the content and implementation of the template , i believe these can be addressed and that the template is useful in its current form .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the report is JJ and the edit war appears to be over .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , the story about lord NNP NNP , if it is true , has nothing to do with the website .	3	14	VBZ	has	have
mills 's grandson by NNP , NNP mills , is a musician , best known for his work with the alternative rock group NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia 's goal is to offer JJ , comprehensive , accurate articles that are JJ to JJ but also useful , at times , to the specialist .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fence is able to make a profit with stolen NN because he is able to pay NNS a very low price for stolen goods .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tallest tree in the united kingdom is a coast NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the major benefit from linking the article of remote wp is that the link will remain in red so editor can tell the page does not exist .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
born in NNP in CD , NNP is JJ because of her dna , and the story traces her experiences with various lovers and NNS through the centuries .	16	17	VBZ	traces	trace
heat affects growth rates , activity , behaviour and primary production .	0	1	VBZ	affects	affect
as far as the software is concerned those two names are identical , but the name will always be displayed with an JJ letter at the start .	9	10	VBP	are	is
delete - a year is an RB long time for a temporary redirect to exist .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i see that the earth icon , which i do not care about , is much more controversial .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
new leaves are often in NNS of pink , red or bronze , and the juvenile leaves become RB larger than in other species before they VBP to divide .	15	16	VBZ	leaves	leave
the european route NNP passes by the town .	2	4	VBZ	passes	pass
the song is similar to an older webb pierce song called `` that 's me without you '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the core products of the service are daily political news summaries and weekly JJ political reports delivered via e-mail , which are available by subscription .	2	6	VBP	are	is
his career drew to an end when eventual champions NNP defeat NNP in the subsequent all-ireland semi-final .	8	10	VBP	defeat	defeats
its first few planned releases are by NNP , NNP NNP , and NNPS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
initially , waters set out to write a book about the economic changes brought by socialism in JJ britain , and reviewers note the connection with NNP NNP .	21	22	VBP	note	notes
the suspension period is JJ to the conclusion of the bout on january 24 and runs through january 18 , 2010 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it 's a JJ comedy with strong NNS of NN , where the main concept is how NNP helps people through the story .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the entire island , which is slightly smaller than the state of connecticut but larger than rhode island and delaware , is under the jurisdiction of the county of NNP i , of which NNP is the county seat .	2	21	VBZ	is	are
i bring this proposal here since administrators are the ones tasked with seeing this updated every six hours .	6	7	VBP	are	is
but the events in these operas merely serve as the background to the action of NNP .	2	7	VBP	serve	serves
JJ species such as NNP NNP and NNP NNP also occur much more regularly in britain than further east in europe .	1	10	VBP	occur	occurs
frequent bus and , more commonly , FW , service connects country 's major cities .	1	10	VBZ	connects	connect
he knows her directly via the JJ reception that anne 's husband gives for workers at his factory .	11	12	VBZ	gives	give
any person who attempts to commit any of the NNS defined in the last preceding section is guilty of a NN and is JJ to imprisonment for seven years .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
VB the current best VBN NNS produce a spot one mile wide at the NNS surface , the power density would probably not be enough to VB a cup of tea !	5	6	VBP	produce	produces
arrow of time also addresses your questions .	0	4	VBZ	addresses	address
like the chemistry rooms the biology rooms are in the NNP .	6	7	VBP	are	is
each club raises funds and determines how to spend those funds in its community .	1	2	VBZ	raises	raise
the school VBZ program of ministry of science , education and sports of the republic of croatia for classical gymnasium .	1	2	VBZ	implements	implement
here the wheel with a small arc is necessary to follow curved lines without VBG .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP tells NNP that he will be forced to be alone for all NN , and writes that the world ends , but NNP arrives , changing everything .	19	20	VBZ	ends	end
the NNS team is also JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other artifacts are deletion of segments from a JJ region , and NN of JJ segments ( such as NN ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
alleged copies of the court papers appear on a website owned and operated by frank NNP , but that would kind of defeat the whole third party idea .	1	6	VBP	appear	appears
the third NNP man 's identity is the subject of some controversy .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP study is notable enough to be anywhere , but could be merged depending on consensus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
editors in those situations simply are not interested anymore in reasonable interactions or encyclopedic editing ; they are engaged in NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is
fire '' is the twelfth episode of the first season of the american science fiction television series the NNS .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP or NNP de NNP ( active in the CD and CD ) played a major political role in the first days of the duchy of normandy , though the sources on him are rather JJ .	30	33	VBP	are	is
currently , the main sources are NNP NN ( NNP ) and NNP NN ( california ) .	4	5	VBP	are	is
given , they 're all editing from NNP , but the users whom i blocked have identical editing patterns .	11	15	VBP	have	has
the JJ NNP festival is an important cultural display of song and dance ; it occurs just before the advent of the NN , or winter .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
since no editor has made a comment in this entire section in over 24 hours , i think VBG it and carrying out the will of the community is in order , if an uninvolved administrator is willing .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
this last theatre is in almost exactly the same spot as 20 years ago theatre .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its NNS include radio 1 dj sara cox , actress lisa maxwell and journalist and presenter NNP young .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the oldest written record of the name 's occurrence in sweden is from a NN of the 11th century .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the paintings incorporate at the same time beauty and decay .	1	2	VBP	incorporate	incorporates
people of this locality are proud for the school .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the original ukrainian text tells the tale of a NN flying into a household to VB the JJ and JJ year that the family will have .	3	4	VBZ	tells	tell
bc ) , few , if any , records exist from the period of chinese history when yu VBD .	8	9	VBP	exist	exists
charitable groups from around europe send many aid NNS similar to those sent to bosnia several years previously ; aid convoy is founded .	1	5	VBP	send	sends
similarly , the subject relative is formed by adding the initial vowel to the verb ( because a main verb is a NN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
october 2009 ( utc ) by the way , another check you can do is the ip check .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
however , evidence shows that NNP cultures had quite accurate methods of teaching historical accounts to each new generation .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ test may prove to be extremely important if any nations attempt to reduce the scope of copyright law , because unless the NNP decides that their modifications comply with the test , such states are likely to face trade sanctions .	35	36	VBP	are	is
in autumn the leaves are a JJ yellow , which make VBG NN NNS possible from a long distance .	3	4	VBP	are	is
VBN targets are first captured onto the NN , and subsequently labeled with a JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
an image for the rankings in that season if there is one .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the church comes under the NNP NNP circle of the NNP north baptist association of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the JJ NN of its brain responsible for processing NNS is particularly large compared to other animals .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in the clip show `` the simpsons CD episode spectacular '' , the entire NN of troy NNP presenting the episode is a parody of the practice by NN series to produce clip shows in general .	3	21	VBZ	is	are
one way to VB this requirement is to substitute an JJ distribution which is proportional to the true JJ distribution .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a popular translation into english is `` it was time to stop the nonsense of hand VBG with NN '' , it probably VBZ from encyclopedia NNP ( e .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
sorry if this is not the place to post this , but i just noticed that the NNP article has a clearly JJ reference to gay NN that has been there for a while .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
it looked like they were being a NN in that sentence , and i know the authors know more than to have meant it that way .	16	17	VBP	know	knows
the film features NNP monroe in a small , early role .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
of these two interviews , the internet radio interview is the only one in which the journalist can be identified .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the field features 4 , 200 permanent seats and a NNP lighting system .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
our great father says that our bad men have made his heart NN , for the murder of one of his white children .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
well , it depends on which books are expensive .	6	7	VBP	are	is
this business of art is a NNP and sara album , released in 2000 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
moreover , the ability to VB a creation depends on a combination of JJ ability and training .	3	8	VBZ	depends	depend
david NNP and frederick NNP believe that evolutionary development in the NN NNS , and individual species follow this order of construction .	16	17	VBP	follow	follows
flowers are born in narrow NNS ; the primary branches are RB arranged , each VBG JJ NNS ; each of these NNS bears a single NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
michael 's church at NNP is first recorded in CD , but the area on which it stands has a much older history .	13	18	VBZ	has	have
the station is an example of NN , JJ development .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this change comes after a ruling in which all six of the NNP union district schools did not meet the arizona standards for required classroom time .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
as philosophy is but the highest expression of humanity , these three moments will be represented in its history .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the brake usually rides on a line running NN to , and below the boom .	1	3	VBZ	rides	ride
biological NN treatment is RB one of the most important NN processes , which have been used for over a century to treat municipal and industrial NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the largest section is the countries directory , which includes recent history , politics , economic information and culture NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , the manager of the NN where NN lives is not a fan of NNP , and he VBZ the NN dog from the NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
they consist of different prayers , but the order is practically always that of the NNP st .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
fall sports include football , field hockey , VBG , volleyball , soccer , cross country , and golf .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
link teaches his robot to walk , talk and VB RB .	0	1	VBZ	teaches	teach
the end shows the family leaving home for florida , with NNP 's now VBP running through the yard VBG at her .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
this corridor is at least three lanes ( one lane each direction with an VBG passing lane ) all the way through the NN into colorado .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a reason NNP NNP did not get a corresponding restriction is that he posted discussion requests here and on the talk pages .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the argument is clearly that merely being a NNP teacher is nothing special , but the fact that multiple reliable sources have written about her makes her notable by wikipedia standards .	16	25	VBZ	makes	make
the site is a collaborative NN for design files used in 3d printing , laser cutting services , and other NNP manufacturing processes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article also is in categories numerical analysis and partial differential equations , and any articles in these categories naturally also have NNS in any science that uses math , which implies in no way that the math is the science .	15	21	VBP	have	has
he points out that historically the human body is JJ to undergo NNS of hard work and in particular can cope RB well with NN events in hot NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in its peak years , early in the 20th century , extant NNS suggest the station saw as many as 125 trains a day .	12	13	VBP	suggest	suggests
a NN bride is a woman who VBZ her NN to marry internationally to better her standard of living .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
currently , the territory 's government allows JJ tourist entry to u .	5	6	VBZ	allows	allow
the library is open to all members of the university of cambridge .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the section spans a double page .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
for example , a typical NNS mark pair are set so that the ratio is 100 .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
from a medical perspective , a pregnancy achieved using JJ NN is no different from a pregnancy achieved using partner NN , and it is also no different from a pregnancy achieved by sexual NN .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
now each one is only half as strong !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
objects are likely to be struck if they are JJR to the leader than this critical distance .	0	1	VBP	are	is
some species of NNP NN or manufacture NNS which are stored in their body tissue , rendering them JJ to predators ; examples include the monarch butterfly in the americas and NNP species in asia .	22	23	VBP	include	includes
the versions used are by ray charles and harry NNP but only the latter one is included on a soundtrack release of the film .	1	3	VBP	are	is
just look at me now '' is a JJ release from NNP , while the original version is from their album NNP ' with raymond .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
television NNS suggest that NNP made the most of the contact and NN VBD the game after NNP had been sent off .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
though less able to VB damage than characters of the fighter classes , the monk class has several JJ abilities ( such as the ability to VB damage from magical attacks ) in addition to their combat abilities .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
since that time , there have been major additions and NNS of some parts of the building , but the greater part of the structure remains true to the norman design .	21	25	VBZ	remains	remain
episode JJ week , thousands of viewers respond to surveys asking about different lifestyle issues .	4	7	VBP	respond	responds
jewish men , women , and children escape from the NNP NN and provided them with JJ NNS so that they could get to safety .	1	7	VBP	escape	escapes
edits by all three are only to RB add tags to JJ articles .	0	4	VBP	are	is
his real name is jesse e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the sheriff is responsible for patrol duties , civil process , transport of prisoners , and criminal and civil NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the mission of NNP is to assist the church in VBG the great commission by training christians to be servant leaders who effectively communicate god 's word in faith and practice for the growth of christ 's church and for his glory .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
according to their traditions , the tribe claims descent from a NNP NNP NN , a NNP NNP .	6	7	VBZ	claims	claim
once this document , called a qualification approval guide ( NNP ) , has been approved , all future devices VBG to the NNP are automatically approved and individual evaluation is neither required nor available .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
NNP uprising last time ) , but the update is there .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the ability of NN systems to store NNS and trap NN is highly efficient and effective but each system has a threshold .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
it also incorporates NNP 's view that individuals are naturally innocent in a manner similar to NNP 's belief .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the place to create such a list of NNS is on your own blog , not a serious NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the event , which occurs on a saturday in july or august , includes four hours of unlimited beer NN of over 200 belgian and JJ NNS , followed by food , live music , and a NN .	1	13	VBZ	includes	include
not all people who identify as NN are NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is
NNP and NNP ( 2004 ) found that JJ communication NNS such as these are at least a partially influenced by RB inherited traits .	10	14	VBP	are	is
the electric field depicts the force VBN on other RB charged objects by the RB charged particle the field is surrounding .	2	3	VBZ	depicts	depict
a JJ question , posed at a global level , is whether some JJ equation has a solution in f .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
note also that it is not the number of votes that counts , but the arguments used and the discussion in general .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the university 's three main campuses have different focuses but with some overlap .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the accounts are matches to each other .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a JJ coalition of four parties , led by NNP NNP , wins a majority in the croatian parliamentary election .	2	12	VBZ	wins	win
fa patients have some form of NN problem , with varying degrees of NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
support - i have been a main contributor to the list , but would like to state that , especially after the different objections have been dealt with in a NN matter , i think the article is fit to be featured .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
an apparent accident brings aboard two NNP .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring
i VBP say there are many others , like NNP and NNP , who have every right also to be considered as fathers and NNS ; and the various branches of art and thought probably have their own favourite POS ' fathers .	29	35	VBP	have	has
once turned on , the meter rate is automatically determined and updated every 20 seconds using a local JJ algorithm based on JJ logic .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
many internet sources describe it as being the tallest of the bent species .	2	3	VBP	describe	describes
the rules are there to be followed , for everyone , and enforced if broken .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fact is that her initial popularity was based upon JJ criteria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a free use image is impossible to obtain .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
keep NNP piece passes the general notability guideline .	2	3	VBZ	passes	pass
a lens count of 18 NNS per file is unusually high ( twice that of closely related genus ) and accounts for the height of the eye , as opposed to a JJ increase in the size of the individual NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the value of a NN depends upon the distance that the NN is from the rim .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
NNP themes which are associated with this theory include the dance of death , NNP or NNP NNP , a common medieval NN .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
he thinks that all people are NNS and VBG what the sources says .	4	5	VBP	are	is
and as it stands , the article is little more than an advertisement for monetary assistance .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
examples of NNS are JJ man is white ' and CD every man is white ' , POS man is white ' and POS man is white ' .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
perhaps military psychology could be a good article , but this article is too vague and probably not a generally accepted usage .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
passengers sit in the logs , which are VBN along the NN by the flow of water .	0	1	VBP	sit	sits
you may be able to argue relevance or NN but if two secondary sources cite the same primary source , regardless of if their conclusions agree , the source would be of interest to anyone other than the casual reader .	13	14	VBP	cite	cites
the reason NNP is so JJ , is because you have kept VBG him , essentially demanding that he explain his vote , VBZ he does n't have VBN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
ironically the residents of NNP , who opposed the construction of this freeway , also suffer from these traffic problems .	2	15	VBP	suffer	suffers
the mini games , like driving and NNP plants , have NNS at the end depending on how well the NN was cleared .	2	10	VBP	have	has
normally , the training starts about one to two months before the season .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start
forums have just over 400 users .	0	1	VBP	have	has
for example , the temperature of a healthy person rises when he or she exercises , but this is not considered a fever , as the NN is normal .	4	9	VBZ	rises	rise
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` NN '' by wikiproject NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP group is JJ to the group of JJ NNS of JJ JJ and therefore plays an important role when studying JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
modern humans are subspecies JJ NNS NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if the data set actually includes JJ ' , then when the data is being read in the program will have to be told when the NN means missing data .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include
route 89 is a highway in central missouri .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
we have the stub NNP , which states that that song is from 1975 .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the political party NNP holds all but two offices in the government ; those two are held by grand national alliance ( NNP ) members .	2	4	VBZ	holds	hold
if the new position of an agent is an improvement it is accepted and forms part of the population , otherwise the new position is simply VBN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the author pays special attention to the 1996 survey of americans and NNS on the economy ( NNP ) , created by the washington post , the NNP family foundation , and harvard university survey project .	1	2	VBZ	pays	pay
meanwhile , identification of frank 's teeth in the JJ NN 's remains in frank 's JJ office is taken as proof that frank is the man who was shot and killed there .	10	12	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP of whether the convicted person is against sentence or conviction , he has 21 days from sentence or NN to lodge a notice of appeal .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP , its performance impact is not an issue .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the church is still the parish church for the smaller parish of sheffield , but in 1914 it was also made the cathedral church for the newly created diocese of sheffield .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the bomb squad arrives in a helicopter and they VBP down into the house .	2	3	VBZ	arrives	arrive
visible light exhibits a similar effect , but , due to its much higher frequency , only a minute amount of light energy travels around a corner .	1	2	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
season CD losing her friend and business partner to the plane crash , NNP VBZ against the dark spirit in helping andrea and many of the other NNS from the plane crash cross over .	4	14	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
the original game play features 5 ranks ( NNP , NNP , swiss , NNP , NNP ) .	3	4	VBZ	features	feature
the article creation template should add NN if the creator is not an established editor .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this claim is questionable given that no australian NNS of the game have been documented .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he is killed when the qing soldiers burn down NNP monastery .	6	7	VBP	burn	burns
the summit , a large JJ block , is an ancient volcanic NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP purpose of technical solution ( NNP ) is to select , design , and implement solutions to requirements .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
critics regard the first explanation as the more likely .	0	1	VBP	regard	regards
about the rest of the people , NNP NNP and NNP NNP , yeah , their articles are currently poor in content and citations .	16	17	VBP	are	is
being NN was only previously allowed on images of the gods , but it may also imply that the statue is a JJ copy set up by NNP of a statue from the city of rome in which augustus was not VBN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
journalist john NNP , writing in salon , notes that the film 's three directors are students of NNP 's school of NNP , which he says has been described as a cult .	14	15	VBP	are	is
other great names that have taught at the school include NNP NNP , NNP NNP , , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , , NNP NNP and others .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
as a result of this legacy , australian railways are a confusing mix of all three NNS .	8	9	VBP	are	is
government appears a little JJ to address , at least in public .	0	1	VBZ	appears	appear
this list assists management in making difficult decisions such as when to start projects and which projects should be VBN .	1	2	VBZ	assists	assist
the official language is portuguese , and the JJ differences regarding other brazilian varieties are mainly JJ ( northeastern accent ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one possibility is that the chemical NN may be the result of NN or mass loss , although JJ models show that this would normally only occur near the end of a star 's JJ NN .	19	20	VBP	show	shows
this image RB VBZ the NN of the boat people at the time , showing the JJ condition of the boat and showing men , women , and children at the moment they are rescued after being at sea for days .	1	3	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
when the continent is far away , the amount of such NN brought in may be small , and JJ processes dominate the type of rock that forms .	20	21	VBP	dominate	dominates
book NNS also developed , examples include the NNP chronicle , the NNP of ivan alexander and the NNP NNP .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
this valley contains many beautiful sites and is well worth a day visit .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in a JJ period , JJ attacks usually occur between the hours of 10 am and 9 pm and very few attacks occur between the hours of 10 pm and 9 am .	6	8	VBP	occur	occurs
the game is then over and the player who has the best final score wins .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this tree is common in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the authority of an NN is personal , and an appointment VBZ upon death .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the `` new NNP '' airport is a JJ 2 , CD ' long by 90 ' wide NN NN located on the north shore , and regular flights are scheduled through NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
light novel series my little sister ca n't be this NNP , it is heavily VBN that the character NNP has a brother complex as she loves adult games with a little sister love theme .	18	20	VBZ	has	have
the hindu praised NNP NNP do , writing that the `` brilliant synthesis of script , photography , music , lyrics , acting and direction sends you on an emotional NN '' .	24	25	VBZ	sends	send
riverside secondary school offers ap programs in physics b , chemistry , and psychology .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
that stub looks good to me .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
the name water bear comes from the way they walk , reminiscent of a bear 's NN .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
a pearl is a hard object produced within the soft tissue ( specifically the NN ) of a living VBN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one usually finds that a JJ letter is sufficient to deal with most copyright NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the sources are additionally valid within the NNP article .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the only way we would be violating npov is if we were to decide for PRP that we should VB from mentioning countries that clearly support a side because we ca n't find sources for countries supporting the other side .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
also , the scale , NN , and attention that the wedding of one of her family members receives indicates just how wealthy her family is as well as the high profile this wealth has VBN them .	11	18	VBZ	receives	receive
the corporation 's basis in the asset then is the same as the NN 's .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
when the opportunity VBZ , archer creates a large NN as a NN to allow everyone to escape .	2	3	VBZ	arises	arise
each region incorporates NNS from many rivers of similar NN .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
from then on , the linear trail goes into an open field and runs just to the west of taylor middle school 's JJ classrooms .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
the film features a romantic NN ( views of NNP and NNP RB VBG by the NN and through the woods ) , backed by NNP 's recording , an NNP NNP NN song .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
from agriculture point of view , from 2001 to 2007 the rain fall is below par average rain fall .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
smith 's 1985 book , an illustrated history of the space shuttle , is a JJ picture book oriented toward VBG the popular market .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
planned cities are those that follow a particular design from inception to use .	1	2	VBP	are	is
nowadays , the port of le NNP includes three sets of NNS dedicated to NNS and 6 .	3	7	VBZ	includes	include
the region 's JJ schools tend to perform better at NNP .	4	5	VBP	tend	tends
the best NNS talk about failure with pride and NNS .	2	3	VBP	talk	talks
the NNP became the american lung association in 1973 , though the 1974 seals continue to show the NNP inscription on the sheet margin .	13	14	VBP	continue	continues
one thing the article should probably mention is the history of the death penalty in the state .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the main theme of `` far away '' is fear .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
i think the most important limiting factor is that you would probably not like to do her job .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
human ears tend to group JJ frequency components into a single NN .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
any NN of the NN pieces is possible , including even and odd NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the tale is that this NN was caught in NNS 's NNS in about CD and was held for six months until he escaped .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
no compromise is the second album release by contemporary christian music pianist and singer keith green , released in 1978 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only issue is what flag one will find flying on government buildings in the city .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a considerable portion of the tracks in the vicinity of denver contains a third rail in order to operate narrow and standard gauge equipment over the same tracks .	2	11	VBZ	contains	contain
the current editors are professor sidney gray , university of sydney , and professor richard NNP , new york NNP 1999 , NNP formed a relationship with the international association for accounting research and education , and became the official research journal for the association .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the debt does not have to be VBN if the NN 's law suit is unsuccessful .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
when every element of a NN has a complement the NN is called VBN .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the real reason she brought the NNPS and gang to france is so that NNP could fix NNP NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
their breeding season starts in september and ends in november .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
he realizes that the JJ effects of the drug are not permanent .	5	9	VBP	are	is
a tradition claims that after the destruction of milan by frederick NNP , his chancellor NNP of NNP had taken the NNS from milan , and VBD them at NNP in germany , VBP some came to NNS .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the main character of the story , NNP starts her position as private secretary to the director at the beginning of the manga .	2	8	VBZ	starts	start
southern right NNS can also be seen off the coast of port elizabeth with marine NN tours running from the port elizabeth harbour , as some southern right NNS make NNP bay their home for the winter months .	28	29	VBP	make	makes
they may indicate that suggestions RB produce changes in perception or experience that are not simply a result of imagination .	4	6	VBP	produce	produces
NNP is an international online community project for the collaborative development of learning materials , which NNS are free to VB , JJ and share without restriction .	16	17	VBP	are	is
other NNS of this style include NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the article is certainly not stable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
despite the fact that the decision of VBG the pope 's words to NNP was perceived as a NN , some historians suggest that NNP might have not acted out of NN .	21	22	VBP	suggest	suggests
the title is crystal clear as it stands .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
oppose - right off the bat , the opening sentence is pov , claiming as fact a highly disputed and JJ statement about the subject .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP trail , also at at about JJ km from NNP , a forest road leads to NNP .	1	15	VBZ	leads	lead
growth platforms are specific named initiatives selected by a business organization to fuel their revenue and NNS growth .	1	2	VBP	are	is
discussions are RB long , in large part due to NN of points that are n't acknowledged .	0	1	VBP	are	is
much through traffic from the london area to south west england now uses the NNP motorway as far as NNP then the NNP to NNP where the route again joins the NNP .	27	29	VBZ	joins	join
the initial toll is only the beginning because cluster NNS often leave JJ NNS that kill and VBP long afterward .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town 's museum describes the local heritage of tobacco farming .	3	4	VBZ	describes	describe
the primary purpose of the NNP is to raise the quality of life for african americans , the NN and working people through legislation , education and economic development .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
since this page uses all of those templates , it is placed in all of those categories .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
he was vicar for 24 years and the latin text claims that `` he was RB VBN with a very JJ NN '' .	9	10	VBZ	claims	claim
scientists such as ian clark , from the university of ottawa , sometimes are guests who will discuss the JJ side of climate change .	0	13	VBP	are	is
additionally , the lack of the shadow mask makes the NN much more JJ RB .	3	8	VBZ	makes	make
atomic NN is a way of preventing VBG in a pattern .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because we operate on the assumption that people are inherently good and will work to make wikipedia better , and until someone proves otherwise , they are free to edit wikipedia .	7	8	VBP	are	is
it is still unclear when the snails mature , although NNP ( 1981 ) believes they reach NN in five to eight months , or the spring following NN .	6	7	VBP	mature	matures
RB , the rate of literacy is very low and needs immediate attention of the union and state government .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the steep pitch of the roof is necessary to support the weight of the stone .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the city of nashville , tennessee has the united states ' largest population of JJ people .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
the solution , in my view , is to let the facts speak for themselves , and describe them in cool encyclopedic language .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
monster '' is a song by american alternative rock band NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the car features a NNP JJ NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the nature of the changes is controversial .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the result of spending saved money is to lower the demand for money relative to suits or glass and therefore contributes to general price inflation ( or loss of purchasing power ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the users are RB .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the organization has approximately 3 , 000 academic institutions as members , and currently recognizes approximately 60 VBG organizations .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
verse drama is any drama written as verse to be spoken ; another possible general term is poetic drama .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category is a list of NNP NNP f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the trust has charitable purposes , and is a charity , the trust is known as a charitable trust .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the work is now in the NNP du NNP NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another common theme that has emerged in recent weeks is that if only the victims of the holocaust had better access to guns , the nazi regime would not have been able to RB murder so many people .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
some coins VBN during the reign of queen NNP of sweden bear an inscription of NNP d .	1	11	VBP	bear	bears
NNP project and significance of NNP ( but lets do one at a time ) .	1	8	VBZ	lets	let
JJ research , such as case studies , action research , discourse analysis , and clinical interviews , depend on small but focused samples in an attempt to understand student learning and to look at how and why a given method gives the results it does .	40	41	VBZ	gives	give
a frog 's skin is protective , has a JJ function , can VB water and helps control body temperature .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the ability to evaluate other important phenomena in a dna JJ genetic background makes NNP an important system in which to study dna NN .	1	13	VBZ	makes	make
this category VBZ all articles about education in uruguay .	1	2	VBZ	collects	collect
the king 's competition involves tests of NN , strength , and VBD fu .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
in fact , i think both articles are correct .	6	7	VBP	are	is
after the end of the silver mining boom , NNP was almost completely abandoned in the early 1930s ( although the surrounding district continues to be VBN for silver and base metals .	22	23	VBZ	continues	continue
the order of the republic is a national award of uruguay .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
since 2011 , the series editor is aaron r .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
therefore , these special purpose templates for NNS and JJ maps are no longer needed .	5	11	VBP	are	is
whether or not that is a good way to run a school , the amazing thing is that it existed at all at that time .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
oppose -- while technically correct the target is too much of a JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
sri lanka ; concern is for the people of the district , not whatever political , ethnic or religious group they belong to .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the result was speedy delete NN advertising , a7 no assertion that this product is notable .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the more you have surrendered , '' he said , `` the more VBG its errors appear .	15	16	VBP	appear	appears
NNP and m , and our alleged practice is to follow the scope of the corresponding NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
alcohol NN NNS kill bacteria , JJ NN bacteria ( NNP and NNP ) , NN , and some NNS ( including hiv , NNS , NNP , NN , NN , NN , hand NNS are most effective against bacteria and less effective against some NNS .	19	36	VBP	are	is
one way to VB a VBN state is through the proximity effect .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the most recent new foundation is NNP college , founded in 1990 , while the most recent overall is green NNP college , formed in 2008 as the result of a merger of two existing colleges .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
icelandic , a north germanic language , is the official language of iceland ( de facto , the laws are silent about the issue ) .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the aunt is suspicious and sends a detective to follow her back to the small town .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
rapid dna initiative is to develop commercial instruments capable of producing a JJ dna profile within two hours and to VB those instruments effectively within the existing NNP structure to search JJ crimes while an NN is in police custody during the NN process .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP part of the name is a common NN , simply meaning a settlement by a church , while NNP is a corruption of NNP , a reference to the village 's JJ past .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
oppose the proposed ban seems too JJ and would just be VBG over the NNS .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the road offers views of the mountains and connects the villages with historical monuments and tourist attractions .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
a NN NN with respect to a line l is a NN with the property that every line JJ to l VBZ the NN in a single interval .	17	21	VBZ	intersects	intersect
once a player reaches a certain amount of points he or she is eliminated .	2	3	VBZ	reaches	reach
the above sentence does not mean `` the nose of elephant is long '' as this can be translated back to NN .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the main part of the village has been founded in CD but some parts are a little bit older .	13	14	VBP	are	is
most NNP species VBP by NN .	2	3	VBP	reproduce	reproduces
his younger brother , nathan , is also a professional footballer .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the figure shows that failures do not increase when the average temperature increases .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
you would need to prove that the company actually is the source of the pattern used by others .	7	9	VBZ	is	are
if a scout loses his `` NNP ' rights '' he may get it back by taking the NN again and passing the requirements .	2	3	VBZ	loses	lose
VBN heat NNS are commonly JJ NNS which are able to produce JJ radiation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
with the exception of the front street interchange in NNP , the freeway features NNP throughout its length .	12	13	VBZ	features	feature
if this happens , the player loses a day of work while VBN in the NN , and many of the crops , large sections of the fence , and even cultivated land itself will be destroyed .	5	6	VBZ	loses	lose
she VBZ to tell NNP that robert 's NNS are in town .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the magazine is also commonly known as the earth first !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's background is in music and literature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this page is about the tree described by antonio NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fixed point ( JJ to the origin of a NNP system ) is called the pole , and the ray from the pole in the fixed direction is the polar axis .	20	28	VBZ	is	are
the following radio stations broadcast on fm frequency 91 .	3	4	VBP	broadcast	broadcasts
both clips come from the associated press video library .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
other theories include JJ uses such as NNPS ' preference for silent , JJ NN guns .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
but , if an individual is to be VBN , he or she must be acting under voluntary control .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the commons policy of VBG administrators in otherwise good standing to perform work to maintain that standing is , to be frank , NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
NNS VBD the circa 10 , JJ old skull `` NNP '' found near NNP NNP , brazil , revealing JJ characteristics that differ significantly from typical NNP remains .	8	28	VBZ	remains	remain
this line is more text after the outer table .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ cut is a type of NN cut , which is JJ , as the name suggests .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
local JJ businesses contribute in the form of sponsorship on an annual basis .	2	3	VBP	contribute	contributes
the text reads as follows , section 2 ( a ) went on to allow the national labor relations board to draw up more detailed regulations for oversight of the majority recognition procedure .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
suggest that any discussions that people wish to continue move to the appropriate talk page .	5	6	VBP	wish	wishes
the player then enters a specific command for the hidden ability when the life gauge is VBG red .	1	3	VBZ	enters	enter
look at the online os map to see where the nearby churches are , if you know what village or street they are in , then you will can identify the church through the internet .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the current efforts of china appear to be aimed at maintaining a JJ nuclear force by , for example , using JJ NNP in NN rather than JJ missiles .	2	5	VBP	appear	appears
the reserve covers of land area and was established on 30 june 1972 .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
a VBN NN configuration uses multiple NNS in parallel , i .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
the most common cause of NN is NNP flow NN , VBG the free passage of JJ fluid through the JJ system and VB space ( e .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , as a JJ web , NNP users have strong NN power and potential NN power on digital cameras , camera cell phones and digital products .	11	12	VBP	have	has
a witch is the total woman .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the cited sources include some of the most respected NNP historians and researchers in the entire world .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the information collected in this research allows employers to understand the value of their benefit plans compared to state and industry NNS .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
the issue of whether NNP or this site is reliable or not is another one altogether , and not in question .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
an optional step , if the information is to be used for monitoring and evaluation , is to discuss how projects can monitor their progress along their impact NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
although several of them protest , the gang agrees to follow NNP to the ranch .	7	8	VBZ	agrees	agree
besides the fact that such a request is neither proper nor JJ , this is not about NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the western rim of the volcano borders the NNP basin , which is VBN with the aforementioned deposit .	2	6	VBZ	borders	border
secondary , scenic roads can be taken , but the trip time is much longer ( up to 3 hours ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
though his parents do not recognize him anymore , he is happy that his dog , dollar , does .	14	18	VBZ	does	do
the film is RB a triumph for NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
theories of classical NN , instrumental NN and social learning are mainly responsible for formation of attitude .	0	10	VBP	are	is
even within the chinese community , tensions exist between different groups of immigrants .	6	7	VBP	exist	exists
portuguese maritime history is only one NN of a general effort to lift the profile of maritime history as a subject area on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
riley for his part shows complete NN at the story , pointing out the NNS and that the story seems to be made up of NN from the action genre .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem
the story is in the form of a report written by an NN from an alien civilization who VBZ the remains of our civilization several billion years into the future .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this section of the list of former state routes in new york contains all routes numbered between 26 and 50 .	1	12	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP township supports a hotel , regional NNP door ( VBG wines from more than a dozen NN producers , NN NN , VBZ shop , several bed and breakfast NNS , a NNP station and an NN shop .	2	3	VBZ	supports	support
all four NNS remain on the campus today .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
this article is , of course , blatant coi .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two young people are the focus of the film as they work aboard the ship .	2	3	VBP	are	is
after the NNS , the film is usually JJ and the sound is mixed once more .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the largest reservoir for NNP is lake NNP , which is located on the jefferson and NNP county line , but has several other NNS including NNP lake in western jefferson county .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
since the graph is JJ , some nodes will have no JJ edges and these nodes will be the first to VB after sending enough signals to their incoming edges .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all references are directly related to the subject , bringing this article closer to an advertisement rather than an encyclopedic subject .	1	2	VBP	are	is
she has many bad NNS , such as drinking , JJ gambling , smoking NNS and occasionally NNS , becoming RB violent , and turning on partners when the profits seem too JJ .	29	30	VBP	seem	seems
NNP VBG frequency allows for a 2 .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the said finalist is pending record label signature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of this page is to help improve all wikipedia pages related to the new york giants nfl american football team .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS in doom are stored in the same column based format as the walls are , which again is useful for the NN .	13	14	VBP	are	is
this school of thought takes a JJ approach to VB .	1	4	VBZ	takes	take
further , since enough source material appears to exist to write a verifiable , encyclopedic article about the topic , the topic appears to be notable .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
NNS that are confirmed to be screening some or all of the matches in high definition are in bold .	0	16	VBP	are	is
selection by an important author for inclusion no matter how brief is significant .	0	11	VBZ	is	are
these candidates have to satisfy the same requirements as the egyptian NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP , NNP and NNP are now in hungary ; the other towns mentioned are now in romania .	12	14	VBP	are	is
the stages hold a particular theme .	1	2	VBP	hold	holds
the church now has over 3 , 000 members .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
no , in this case intention means nothing .	5	6	VBZ	means	mean
for example , if a particular research group claims to have discovered JJ intelligence , a discovery which could change humanity forever , this discovery should be VBN by a group such as the NNP institute .	7	8	VBZ	claims	claim
the NNP rod is much easier to locate as a result of the inclusion of NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
similar to the monkey learning to push the red button in order to get the NN , this test only requires the ability to read a step by step procedure , and hit the keys and verify the correct result .	18	20	VBZ	requires	require
the NNP massacre ( ) refers to two NNS VBN by members of the NNP in the village of NNP in NNP , greece , during the axis occupation of greece , carried out on 23 october 1941 and 22 april 1944 .	2	5	VBZ	refers	refer
JJ lakes are a series of three VBD lakes in the canadian northwest territories located roughly midway between the coronation gulf and great bear lake , east of the NNP river .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the service is google 's `` email VBN '' , with NN editing , the ability to VB audio , video , and other media , and extensions that further enhance the communication experience .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its headquarters is in new york city , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
live and learn in kenya ( NNP ) finds sponsors to finance the education of JJ children , which includes everything that the child needs in order to go to school ; fees , uniform , shoes , NNS , school supplies .	23	24	VBZ	needs	need
the cia fact book is not at that url , but a .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
dates and routes are uncertain , but they seem to have started from the NNP archipelago , went west past fiji to NNP and NNP about CD .	0	3	VBP	are	is
knowledge is important , even when its subject is JJ .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's unique architectural style is visible in the details for NNS , NNS , NNS , and even NNS designed to hold a specific piece of artwork .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
their son NNP has an NNP in economics from the london school of economics and political science , university of london .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the senior population distribution is 17 people or 9 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
facilities and NNS are available for students to perform NNS for physics , chemistry and biology .	0	3	VBP	are	is
delete article is mostly a JJ list and original research .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an organ stop VBZ a set ( rank ) of pipes of graduated lengths to produce the range of notes needed .	2	3	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
the hotel also stands as a venue for NNS though there is a list of NNS in order for a marriage to take place on the island .	1	3	VBZ	stands	stand
even identical twins are different - they have different NNS , for instance .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the hospital has a 24 hour NN , NN , NN , NN and NN laboratories , blood bank and NN NN to its needs .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
global warming 's additional effect on the carbon cycle is ocean NN .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the story starts with the children and NNS arriving at their JJ house to celebrate the mother 's JJ birthday .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
its purpose is to give effect to the right of every citizen to have access to adequate housing , by promoting investment in the JJ housing market .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the references seem to check out and , together , make a pretty verifiable case for the notability of these two subjects .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
in telecommunications , white spaces refer to frequencies allocated to a broadcasting service but not used locally .	4	5	VBP	refer	refers
although researchers will very occasionally find a previously JJ major league baseball player to add to the official records , such players are usually from the 19th century .	21	22	VBP	are	is
NNP , released in 2007 , is a game in which the object is to trade goods and make prestigious church donations .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
as the episode ends , the gang is left to VB the sequence of events that took place at the fight .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
the village has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
irish nationality law provides for irish citizenship to be acquired on the basis of at least one irish NN .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the southern part of the NNP includes the NNP NNP , consisting of quite low NNP NNP , , NNP NNP ( mount NNP , ) , and NNP NNP ( NNP mountain , ) .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
the neighborhood is home to some georgetown university students and is also home to the french embassy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
japanese company who develops video games for arcade , home console , and mobile platforms , specializes in NNP and shoot PRP up titles .	1	16	VBZ	specializes	specialize
the family left france for the united states to escape the 1848 revolution , first settling in cincinnati , ohio , then manchester , pennsylvania , where she met and married british genre artist walter anderson .	32	33	VBP	artist	artists
list of national law enforcement agencies of south korea this is a list of all national law enforcement agencies of south korea .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
the island is a nature reserve under the jurisdiction of the JJ ministry of agriculture and natural resources .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
common sense tells me that 3 instances across several months do not a JJ problem make .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the ruined temple is likely to have lasted until the reign of pope NNP ( CD ) , who finally VBD the site , offering it to JJ NNS from constantinople who maintained an NN there dedicated to the `` virgin of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if this quote from NNP is applicable , it is more than necessary to provide a definition of public opinion or the spiral of silence theory would be stated as a process by which something JJ is spread .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
memphis blues act the NNP street NNP .	1	2	VBP	act	acts
support seems a bit bright to me and the brown thing in the background should be removed next time , but nice composition and good quality .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
this article is under a CD restriction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nursing process is a modified scientific method .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the water is a rich brown color , like tea , the result of the NN that VBD from the NN trees over the centuries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the suggested merge target is long enough already .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i hope that NNS JJ results , but get back in touch with me if reasonable efforts fail .	16	17	VBP	fail	fails
if it were english law , the short answer is they probably would be RB JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the status of NNS as employees or NNS of the NN VBZ matters , because employees and NNS have legitimate access to JJ areas of a NN 's property that others would not , without NN .	15	18	VBP	have	has
the actual numbers are probably higher , because some actions are not on the list .	9	10	VBP	are	is
research strongly suggests that emotional processes influence accuracy and the way in which humans carry out intended actions .	13	14	VBP	carry	carries
like most modern advertising , the book seeks to sell its product by making JJ claims for it [ .	6	7	VBZ	seeks	seek
NNP ( painter ) when the students enter standard 1 each one gets a house button to represent each house .	6	7	VBP	enter	enters
seat i is a three year term .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
revolution CD even though it is a talk show .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
despite these initial accusations , the brothers eventually observe the shop owner and the suspicious neighbor from the beginning of the film VBG with the NN that VBD NNP 's son out of the NNP stamps .	6	8	VBP	observe	observes
the article cites no reliable , third-party sources that have written about the rivalry .	1	2	VBZ	cites	cite
the highest point in NNP is an unnamed hill in the northwestern part of town that reaches above sea level .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
reconstruction of tropical sea surface temperature from NN JJ implies an average value of in the early NN .	0	9	VBZ	implies	imply
fair use for war is the NNP image is covered by the u .	1	4	VBZ	Is	Are
if a trademark has not been registered , some NNS ( especially common law countries ) offer protection for the business reputation or NN which VBZ to JJ NNS through the NN of passing off .	9	16	VBP	offer	offers
the organization has the purpose of focusing on united states coast guard aviation history .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
he may have also married the sister of abdul NNP khan , the NN of NNP ; NNP describes it as a marriage , but NNP rao 's translator , citing NNP , claims this was a `` JJ marriage '' .	28	33	VBZ	claims	claim
NN thinks people have the potential to either reward or VB in conversations and maintains that people bring both positive and negative characteristics to an interaction .	16	17	VBP	bring	brings
the 1996 atlantic hurricane season officially ends .	4	6	VBZ	ends	end
spanish speaking customer in a department store where NNP si JJ NN is the NN .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
true NN breeds typically stand a maximum of .	2	4	VBP	stand	stands
a most important example of NNP space is that of a NNP space .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
some will point out that the article says they could all come back .	6	7	VBZ	says	say
the background of the african jazz pioneers VBZ back to the 1950s when jazz was the fashion and big bands were the name of the game .	1	7	VBZ	stretches	stretch
the vision of NNP 's NNP programs is to strengthen california 's educational system in ways that will promote a JJ economy by building a highly skilled and creative NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the days over there are kind of tough .	1	4	VBP	are	is
one seat in a legislature is not a big deal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
for most farm owners and workers , JJ income is as important , if not more important , than farm income .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the page has not the size NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the term implies that death itself is VBN .	1	2	VBZ	implies	imply
i think the interpretation by NNP of what NNP has said shows a lack of assuming good faith .	3	11	VBZ	shows	show
the biggest tourist attraction in NNP is the lake NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
membership is compulsory for all employees working in austria , and it is thus not to be confused with austrian labour unions , where membership is voluntary and which are organized in an umbrella organisation , the NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
editor shows commitment and has many good contributions , but their lack of understanding of image policy and low talk page use suggest their experience is inadequate for adminship at this time .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the island is part of the NNP sea unit of the alaska maritime national wildlife refuge .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the castle sits on top of a rocky NN surrounded by what is now RB .	1	2	VBZ	sits	sit
most american school NNS wear a NN top with either a sports NN or an athletic tank top underneath .	3	4	VBP	wear	wears
later in the story ( more obviously shown in the anime than the manga ) , phantom 's revealed to treasure those who are close to him , and his desire for NN partly VBZ from his NN to part with them .	30	34	VBZ	originates	originate
a new industrial park , '' west industrial park ' , is to be built to the west of NNP NNP in the near future , bounded by a road which is estimated to be completed in 2014 .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the important thing is the references are there to aid NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
arguably , this subject fails ( or not ) on notability grounds .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
however , in star control ii , captain NNP is referred to as saying `` that is the JJ NN i 've ever seen '' to his first officer , along with VBG that the NNP name stands for very ugly NNP .	36	37	VBZ	stands	stand
petersburg in 1961 ; it is not known whether this source is still alive .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
cook is also the current shadow minister for health , having previously also held the shadow NNS of mental health and indigenous affairs .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the precious stones found here include NNS , NNS and some diamonds .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the site features a `` machine of the moment '' and maintains a list of `` the top 100 NNS '' .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the company uses the `` hometown proud NNPS '' slogan .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
there are two NNS in the body wall , the JJ NN at the top through which water flows into the interior and the JJ NN on the JJ side through which it is expelled .	17	18	VBZ	flows	flow
the statues in NNS of st john the baptist and st john NNP are by giuseppe NNP , while the angel statues are by NNP NNP and francesco NNP .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the cave depicts , on its right , an image of the goddess NNP .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
in recent years JJ centres across various parts of india are common place for international sex tourism .	4	10	VBP	are	is
sometimes this can refer to `` natural '' NNS made either when an NN VBZ RB or when two RB identical individuals are produced by accident ( as with identical twins ) , but in common NN the NN is an identical copy by some conscious design .	13	14	VBZ	reproduces	reproduce
this article is of no consequence .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new version features a longer NN and subtle use of the JJ drum beat that VBD prominently in the opening of the original track .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the answer to question 7 is a bit off in my opinion , as i am sure the community NN this issue on their own should they be notified that someone is dead , or decide if it is worth it to continue the protection .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the only other business that is open to the public is the post office .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
study of formation pressures is important for the safe planning of a well .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
RB VBD the group 's criticism of the NNP , claiming the latter were only engaging in a form of protest , a right the NNP VBZ .	23	26	VBZ	defends	defend
the genetic disorder article cites some examples .	3	4	VBZ	cites	cite
this idea is JJ and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the number of particles is less than the number of RB accessible states , for high temperatures and low NNS , the particles will all be in different states .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
for example , VBG theory makes use of NNS over finite fields .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make
the NNP hypothesis argues that people are RB JJ about nature .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the plain in which the capital stands has an altitude of .	5	6	VBZ	stands	stand
visual artists living and working within the community include jordan bennett , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , jonathan s .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
this group of 9 members meets together weekly and is led by the general secretary .	1	5	VBZ	meets	meet
records indicate a manor house on the site of the present hall from CD .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
clay is a sexual NN , and his affair with coach NNP just happens to be the current NN he 's VBN on ( i .	8	13	VBZ	happens	happen
strings have the smallest range ( NNP 1975 , p .	0	1	VBP	have	has
RB speaking , these three properties make JJ measure very nice to work with .	5	6	VBP	make	makes
united states copyright is the only restriction it is required to observe .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
well , i took it more to ask whether or not evolutionary theory passes the NNP test .	12	13	VBZ	passes	pass
the sole object of the NNP and NNP marriages is for sexual NN in a JJ manner .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the song is also a commercial success in the united states , VBG at number three on the billboard hot 100 chart as of 29 march 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its NNP application document describes it as being in NNP 's mill .	3	4	VBZ	describes	describe
many JJ sites reveal evidence of human occupation for about 10 , 000 years .	2	3	VBP	reveal	reveals
the museum also hosts approximately 50 , 000 students on NNS and 5 , 000 NNS in its overnight program annually .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
the JJ stage is a period of rest , when inner and outer bodies change .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mediterranean collection at the north border includes NNP NNS .	2	7	VBZ	includes	include
in addition , every vehicle in sports heaven is a sports vehicle , whether a NN , a monster truck , an entire NNP race , or a fleet of NN NNS flying out of a garage .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
parody science is different from science humor or from real science that happens to be humorous , in that parody science has little or no basis in real science .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a major market of this division is the provision of services to saudi arabia as part of the al NNP project and subsequent saudi NNP contract .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP platforms also provide a much JJR platform for training allowing for basic and advanced shooter training in a much NN environment reducing the risks of injury or death from a JJ discharge .	2	4	VBP	provide	provides
law is not JJ in nature nor do legal values and principles exist independently and outside of the legal practice itself .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
these algorithms range from constant NN with higher priority for more frequently changing pages to VB NN based on several criteria such as frequency of chance , popularity , and overall quality of site .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
during the flood season , several JJ bird species appear along the NNS and rivers .	8	9	VBP	appear	appears
the JJ principle by which punishment can not be VBN if a crime has not first been proven must be VBN in mind .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the chorus is a play on the words `` be long '' and `` belong '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2000 census , population of the district is 35 , CD of which 6 , CD live in the town of NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
an assassination attempt seems to be an important enough event to justify an extra sentence or two of explanation .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
when the NN begins , rams begin to fight for dominance among their NNS ; dominant rams then choose their NN without competition from the NNS .	16	18	VBP	choose	chooses
if this image is from either www .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all radar measurements are fully JJ to an accuracy that allows easy integration with standard digital terrain mapping ( NNP ) tools .	2	3	VBP	are	is
years later , on one cold autumn day , a NN walks into town and NNS at the NN where his beloved lies buried .	10	11	VBZ	walks	walk
the NNS VBP the importance of each feature to the user and can be VBN from individually rated content NNS using a variety of techniques .	1	2	VBP	denote	denotes
beaches and other natural habitats are the biggest parts of the nation 's tourism industry .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the colour of the narrow linear portion is JJ brown to VB brown , filled with JJ NNS of NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
not only is it well used , it works when users follow it .	10	11	VBP	follow	follows
a NN makes elvis shoot his father repeatedly , the continuity made by bugs , dressed for golf , singing the art NNP tune `` i 'm looking over a four leaf NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
this range of NNS also corresponds to RB high electrical NN .	1	5	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
this town is very famous by JJ rituals in NNP mountain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
government agencies affected by NNP CD are counties , cities , and special districts .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the list includes existing and future NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP stations .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
other parts of the internet are e-mail , instant NN , file transfer protocol , and so on .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the stages see players fall down a tube on NNS while trying to earn enough rings to complete the target amount .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
NNP proceeds to give her the `` NNP of life '' only to realize that the `` bird '' is actually an NN .	17	19	VBZ	is	are
JJ organisms generate reducing power for carbon dioxide NN via the calvin cycle using reverse electron flow , an JJ process that VBZ the electrons against their JJ NN to produce NNP .	1	2	VBP	generate	generates
i guess people have better things to do than VBG over an article that is relatively fine .	2	3	VBP	have	has
JJ products of series , see NNP product .	1	5	VBP	see	sees
the video contains live performances from NNP and previous albums .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the administrative area covers an area of 11 .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
unlike many high schools , students eventually choose a `` major , '' including business technology , telecommunications , machine tool and die technology and transportation technology .	5	7	VBP	choose	chooses
a journalist and broadcaster , NNP writes for national newspapers , and broadcasts regularly as london correspondent for the canadian broadcasting corporation , radio canada .	1	6	VBZ	writes	write
NN is when organisms make similar demands on the environment often resulting in competition .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
i served in this position during NNP and would like to do so again , but i will RB step aside if a JJ new face wants to take on the role .	25	26	VBZ	wants	want
merge into the event is okay for me .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
also known as a NN NN , a NN is an attack where the wrestler VBZ up and VBZ the opponent with both feet and then VBZ a NN , landing on the NN JJ .	14	15	VBZ	jumps	jump
NNP segment starts just north of NNP along the eastern side of the NNP range .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the NNP NNP mine is a large copper mine located in the east of serbia in NNP district .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an original story for the game which lets other characters become JJ .	9	10	VBP	become	becomes
the ship also has six conference rooms and one tax free shop .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
his papers get , according to google scholar , 73 , 20 , 9 , 8 , and 4 citations , VBG an NN in the single NNS .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
it is poorly sourced ( too many references come from one book ) , plus it does n't respect a lot of mos rules .	7	8	VBP	come	comes
the diagram below shows the NN of the JJ ring from NN and NN .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the facial disc is pale and the eyes are yellow .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the NN sound on guitars is either NNP or else it 's just an NN of the NNP pitch NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
giving fictional accounts of true events , the novel follows the lives of a wild spectrum of characters , VBN by a young writer working in a bar .	8	9	VBZ	follows	follow
if only two lions remain , the game is likely a draw .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
statues of san NNP appear in most cities of argentina , as well as in santiago de chile and lima .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears
the money is currently available for them to take whenever they choose and will remain that way .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while each NN can cause the full spectrum of disease , virus strain is a risk factor .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
religion is a big part of a culture and meaningful in one way or another to the majority of people .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the idea is that this one small act would improve the lot of man more than anything else he could come up with .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the exhibit consists of a water NN and a JJ NN set against a cliff face , with a wooden deck for visitors to see the animals .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
google hits for the phrase though show a remarkable , although not universal , consistency in referring to philadelphia ( i was n't VBG any consistency at all , there being lots of cities in america ) , although i 've not investigated why this is .	1	6	VBP	show	shows
critics have questioned whether bishops are necessarily able to form accurate NNS on a priest 's recovery .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the wheel is the wheel of NNP , VBG the town 's founders .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's version of the song features a guest vocal from grace potter , lead singer of grace potter and the NNPS .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
this proposal manages to simultaneously violate both .	1	2	VBZ	manages	manage
more precisely , a JJ surface is an NN from a complete JJ surface s to a JJ JJ such that every point of s is in the interior of a NN that is VBN to a NN .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
the main NN for me is your small number of edits in article talk pages .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
its boundaries are NNP de NNP to the north , NNP in the east , NNP in the southeast , NNP to the south and southwest and NNP the west .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these five names are those of my teachers and literary masters .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NN from lord NNP short , the structure for NNP is a strong model for any expansion of the ban appeals NNP .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the author is alive and well and can answer any questions wiki might have .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ marker is a gene introduced into a cell , especially a NN or to cells in culture , that VBZ a NN suitable for artificial selection .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , JJ blocks are not the answer .	3	4	VBP	are	is
intel NN NN features a JJ intel NNP NNP , core NN , core NN or core NN cpu ( CD NNP chips ) .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the city with the world 's second largest number of JJ people is buenos aires , where immigration from NNP was so JJ that today all NNP , regardless of their origin within spain , are referred to as NNS ( NNPS ) in argentina .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
a scene of god presenting adam with the newly created eve is at the left of the large central panel , which may be either a NN on JJ NN and sin or a celebration of sexuality ; the right panel depicts the NNS of NN .	40	41	VBZ	depicts	depict
the page creator made some changes to the article and removed the prod tag to contest the proposed deletion , but this article still looks like a JJ guide .	22	24	VBZ	looks	look
a swedish edition of the album , with swedish lyrics , is also available .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the algorithm for NNP NN goes as follows .	1	5	VBZ	goes	go
every financial institution has to maintain a certain quantity of liquid assets with themselves at any point of time of their total time and demand NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
however , the use of NNP for such a diagnosis is now redundant and has been VBN by the NN NNS .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
it was this which convinced me of the value of international standards - if one has the choice of a word which has meaning internationally and one which only has meaning locally , then i use the one which has meaning internationally .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
sophie then returns home , and her cat is nowhere to be found .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the energy efficiency watch ( NNP ) project works for a better implementation of the NNP on energy JJ efficiency and energy services ( NNP ) , also called the energy services NNP .	7	8	VBZ	works	work
an analysis of over 200 social studies VBZ that `` high NN VBZ a lower risk of depression and drug abuse and fewer suicide attempts , and more reports of NN with sex life and a sense of NN .	1	7	VBZ	contends	contend
NNP escapes , but when the NNPS break down the city gates , he VBZ the common people in VBG them and VBG the siege .	1	7	VBP	break	breaks
the NNS lie at each end of the bridge .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
the pack leader explains his past , telling JJ that he once loved a human whom he ended up killing by accident before he realized they could n't truly be together .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
options are fa , a , ga , b , start , stub , NNP , template , cat , na , and list .	0	1	VBP	are	is
therefore , this theory argues that NNP is nothing more than a NNP dialect , in spite of the NNP language having been born as such NNS , and brought by the NNS with ingredients NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	argues	argue
JJ rita NNP took a daily solution in the form of eye drops , and has stated that her brain is more active now than it was four decades ago .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
notice that we do not assume that the graph is JJ , i .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
however , the received text of the new testament is greek , and nearly all translations are based upon the greek text .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
his practice usually includes both design and construction management , based on the traditional concept that the architect is responsible for the design and construction of a building , from conception to completion .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
to them , the common idea that the chilean nation was formed solely by europeans is incorrect .	5	15	VBZ	is	are
its jurisdiction includes the municipalities of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , santa NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
spring and autumn are generally mild , but during both seasons sudden hot and cold spells frequently occur .	15	17	VBP	occur	occurs
the NNP region has a higher concentration of hotels and NNS than any other part of fiji .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the style of the writing was similar to that of tom NNP of still life with NNP , in which as the story moves along , each short piece is given a title of it 's own .	22	23	VBZ	moves	move
it seems to me that this type attitude prevents articles from being as complete as they could be .	7	8	VBZ	prevents	prevent
the claim of notability here is that dealer had an effective ad NN which made them famous in california .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although the article is largely JJ , it seems verifiable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the journal is affiliated with the international society for NNP NNP research ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this page serves as a central clearing house where members of the NNP wikiproject may place surveys and votes for consideration by other members .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the specific audience of this journal is the clinical NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
most protestant traditions have no restrictions on the marriage of ministers or other clergy , except that in some circles divorced persons may not serve as NNS , and in practice the large majority of NNS are married .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the first project is the canberra civic centre on city hill , which includes administrative buildings and buildings for entertainment , the seat of territory government and local new law courts .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
recent developments include the governmental accounting standards board statement no .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this JJ NN becomes their trademark and a source of great NN to NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
because the content of the NNS is never RB bizarre , patients can rarely distinguish between the NNS and reality .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP later received the ultimate honor of being raised to the ranks of NNP NN ; NNS to his honor still exist at his home town in NNP , NNP prefecture , and on the site of his summer home on NNP , NNP , NNP prefecture .	16	21	VBP	exist	exists
in a board of 12 people , any vote needs a clear majority to pass , so a nominee with only 6 votes would fail the motion to elect .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
therefore , this minor lava flow was likely VBN after ring mountain formed but when JJ ice covered a broader area than it does currently , and that the lava flow extends beyond the region in which JJ ice existed at that time .	30	31	VBZ	extends	extend
the ambassador of colombia to belgium is the ambassador extraordinary and NNP of the republic of colombia to the kingdom of belgium , accredited as NNP NNP ambassador to the grand duchy of luxembourg , and representative of colombia to the european union .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the only people who want it to be deleted are who it applies too JJ attack from 82 .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the JJ group generated by i h corresponds to the time evolution of s .	2	7	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
few other college sports are on the radar screen at all .	3	4	VBP	are	is
it is hoped that this may avoid the political horse trading that occurs when the numbers need to be revised .	15	16	VBP	need	needs
the reference to NNP is for its front cover ( an illustration of the station ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
catholic information producers or catholic tv are the main partners of NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
my understanding is that the majority comes from VBG the NN .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
six group winners , six NN NNS and the four best JJ NNS qualify for the knockout round .	2	13	VBP	qualify	qualifies
one NN notes that `` [ the common people of new holland ] looked upon him as their friend and champion of their rights '' .	1	2	VBZ	notes	note
the parish supports an elementary school that was designated a blue ribbon school in 2010 .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
its main job is to decide the municipality 's broad policies and to VB their implementation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fundamental situation has not changed - users are still as blocked as they were six months ago or a year ago or two years ago , and the volume of editors is not suddenly RB higher .	29	32	VBZ	is	are
there is much evidence that statistical learning is an important component of both discovering which NNS are important for a given language and which VBZ within NNS are important .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the game makes fun of NNP 's NN and use of generic magic words ( which case he uses the NNP NN NN ' from NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
this plant is a spreading NN growing up to about 80 NNS long and bearing JJ flower heads .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
trade unions appear to play an important role in the lives of the working class in the refugee fleet and the settlers of new NNP , and a strike was organized on the fleet 's only NN ship by the trade union .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
although the immediate area has several large apartment and office buildings , the area is a mix of commercial , residential , and light industrial uses .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
i know that canadian provide the safety NNS in all four languages but i 'm not sure about first air , or if either airline always has JJ fa 's .	24	26	VBZ	has	have
part of the furniture ( 1997 ) is a JJ novel written by british author mary wesley .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the cross country season in brisbane is usually march - september .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
these films , issued by rca on NNP tape and laser disc and on dvd by testament , provide unique video documentation of the NN yet VBD NN technique for which he was well known .	1	18	VBP	provide	provides
by contrast , a NN or NN has a relatively large mouth or opening which may be as wide as the overall container .	4	7	VBZ	has	have
a JJ trail map is also available online in digital pdf format .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the landing gear is of a NN configuration with all three wheels mounted on steel NNS gear legs .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the higher NN rate was chosen because research has show that low fresh air requirements can be directly linked to low NN and NN , including NNS and NN .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the most common database installed with the software package is NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
these systems contain a total of 56 NN stars ( of which 46 are red NN ) , 15 brown NN , and 4 white NN .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
such loans are typically due in 24 hours or less .	1	2	VBP	are	is
RB VBG into the heart of `` NN '' territory , the JJ work RB to VB the sick , little VBG that the strange NN from leicester is none other than joseph , who is recording the results of his `` experiment .	25	28	VBZ	is	are
the site incorporates a large area of JJ NN habitat .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
my concern is that quite a few of the NNP and JJ editors here actually had reasonable points to make , and did so in reasonable manner .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in an extended review essay written for the journal NNP , timothy NNP argues that `` JJ NNS '' `` NNS under the NN of the NN that all history is what historians like to call NN .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
my motion for deletion still stands for the reasons stated .	1	5	VBZ	stands	stand
her film credits include NNP , the 2002 documentary on french philosopher jacques NNP , the 2006 documentary NNP now [ 1 ] , and the 2008 NNP the devil back to hell [ 2 ] , which won the NNP film festival best documentary .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
comment - she is not a NNP world record holder .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the station features two sets of artwork under the art in transit programme .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
i like the idea of using roman NNS to VB what tier of the english football league system a club plays at .	19	20	VBZ	plays	play
by comparison , a similar employee in san antonio ( which is not one of the 31 designated areas for an increased NN ) would receive only the standard `` rest of u .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
the village of deposit , on the county line , is partly within the town of NNP ( NNP county ) and the town of deposit ( delaware county ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the generated NNP text is the NN text , excluding the text contained within anchor tags ( `` [ john howard ] , the [ prime minister of australia ] '' comes out as `` , the `` ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
first of all , i think that a lot of this is probably or ( stephen NNP for instance was never proven to have VBN wikipedia ) .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the projection of the NNP VBZ several purposes , on one hand it allows air from three sides to enter , even if the NN outside was parallel to the house NN ; on the other hand it serves the street and in turn the neighborhood .	1	5	VBZ	achieves	achieve
part of the problem is that the controversy surrounding andy was largely played out on blogs , which are , at best , sometimes allowed as primary sources only .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's two NNS generally operate in JJ mode , whereby arriving aircraft are allocated to one runway and VBG aircraft to the other .	3	5	VBP	operate	operates
VBN characters still earn experience and have access to all powers up to 5 levels above their temporarily lower level .	1	3	VBP	earn	earns
in other words , if these people are not the same user , why should ip 77 .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the monks are NNS of lady NNP who are in charge of running her temple ; some of them have been trained to be NNS and NNS of her power .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a pavilion provides changing facilities , and is also the site of a cafe .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
although a person seems stands still but the walk belt enable his wheels to roll on its smooth surface .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
fixed and mobile ticket selling points operate in various areas .	5	6	VBP	operate	operates
the game ends when one civilization has VBN all others or accomplished the goal of space NN , or at a given NN .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the JJ spelling of this road 's name remains as a historical NN , but it is clear that it was named in honour of henry NNP , 1st NNP of NNP , the most JJ owner of NNP place .	2	8	VBZ	remains	remain
this article covers the history of the fort and town at NNP proper , as well as JJ trends resulting from and affecting the town during the time period in which it was capital .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the road starts at the junction of hospital drive , NNP NNP road and new bridge road , and ends at the junction of hill street , north boat NNP and new bridge road after crossing the coleman bridge .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
all the NNS speak dialects of the NNP language .	2	3	VBP	speak	speaks
the vast majority of users use NN in NN of NN , as only 50 hosts offer any NN service .	15	16	VBP	offer	offers
the current publication resembles a more traditional newspaper format than anything else .	2	3	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the site is now a new NN apartment - the spectrum , which is built directly over the old police building and the surrounding land .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP local council ward is one of the 40 electoral wards for the city of birmingham , england .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ that his thesis demands explanation of how , given the popularity of catholicism , NNP was able to VB away centuries of JJ tradition , and do so in an RB short space of time .	4	5	VBZ	demands	demand
the research focused master of science in public health ( NNP ) degree is available in the five core disciplines as well .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the poem consists of four NN , each with twelve lines .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP NN , common name the JJ NN , is a species of JJ true NN , a marine gastropod NN in the family NNP , one of the families of true NNS .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
players achieve their ship 's top speed by maintaining thrust .	0	1	VBP	achieve	achieves
united states reports , the official reporter of supreme court decisions ) ; the page number on which the decision begins ; and the year in which the case was decided .	19	20	VBZ	begins	begin
in the JJ JJ model , which is normally the one used to VB a JJ matrix , the goal is to represent the topic of a document by the frequency of RB significant terms .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , she agrees to court NNP as she is curious to see how things turn out .	14	15	VBP	turn	turns
JJ sources of JJ acid include a variety of animal NNS , NN NNS , and marine NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
it would be good to have some input from those familiar with oregon newspapers as to whether the second is a reliable source .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
i question immediate deletion because the first time it was deleted it was self promotion , the article was fixed and JJ and it now the person is not significant .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the NNP stack is an alternative network stack that is intended to be used when the overhead of the NNP or NNP NNS is JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story is that it is VBN by the ghost of the daughter of the previous owner .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the early english records of south carolina refer to the NNP , spelled `` NNP '' , a few times .	3	7	VBP	refer	refers
the station broadcasts an all sports format to the seattle metropolitan area .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
NNP will decide , on application , whether particular employees are eligible .	9	10	VBP	are	is
though because some countries only have legislation VBG trafficking for sexual exploitation or trafficking in women , trafficking in men and boys might have been largely JJ because it is not properly recorded .	3	5	VBP	have	has
the consensus in our project is that speed limits , like many other things in the list you mention , are not notable without justification .	8	20	VBP	are	is
i recommend moving on to showing how these characters are notable and have anything besides trivial coverage that requires their own articles .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the broadcast television system used is NNP .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
chances are that , i may have been reverted yet again even as i finish writing this message here .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the bottom NNS are heavy , and are thus `` VBN '' into more lighter and useful products .	2	3	VBP	are	is
simon being a NN , the entire police force in the district is in search .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the eagle carries the NNS of war in its right , or dominant NN , and the olive branch of peace in the left , in JJ VBG war over peace .	1	2	VBZ	carries	carry
NNS of sky kingdom believe that one day , NNP pin will return as the NNP NNP .	0	4	VBP	believe	believes
the name of the drawing is called `` NNP two `` but it is not spelled out POS ' , it is the NNP ii .	1	21	VBZ	IS	ARE
current members of the NNP board of education are bruce bond , michael t .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the town has the dubious distinction of being the oldest of the NNS annexed by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i think a report to NNP and a visit from the fbi might persuade him that this sort of thing is , RB , JJ , even as a joke .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
in buddhism , the term more generally refers to a NN 's `` energy '' or `` NN , '' and is repeatedly identified as a necessary NN for achieving liberation .	4	7	VBZ	refers	refer
the problem for these firms is how to increase growth , increase JJ and improve revenue in an otherwise mature and competitive market .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the album features special guests including patrick watson as well as members of stars , NNP silver mt .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
if we make the almost certain assumption that the photographer was an independent contractor , and that a written understanding of work for hire was not signed , then the photo seems like it would have been considered published upon transfer to the NNPS or WP commissioned the thing .	30	31	VBZ	seems	seem
the most significant festival in NNP is the yearly temple festival which VBZ exactly eight days before the NNP NNP NNP in the NNP NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the office open NNP format ( NNP ) , is an open and free document file format for saving and VBG JJ office documents such as text documents ( including NNS , reports , and books ) , NNS , charts , and NNS .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
keep a 103 year old hockey club still in existence is notable .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
in the NNP NNP NN , if many player are playing , often a successful bid is worth the JJ threshold plus the square of the bid .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the rolling stones ' song has certain NN to the 1967 recording of the same name by the lords of london .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
every acquisition requires prior approval and JJ necessity .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
the municipality of NNP contains the NN ( NNS , mainly villages and NNS ) NN and villa NNP .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the opinions find the articles inappropriate in general , this does not mean JJ article is inappropriate .	1	2	VBP	find	finds
the purpose of NN imaging is to locate the NN , evaluate for signs of invasion and detect NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
whenever people disagree with him he is quite willing to edit war to have his way .	1	2	VBP	disagree	disagrees
the show never has a set topic , and other than asking the NN their name and where they are calling from , the calls are VBN .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
RB , it is observed VBG in huge amounts of air and releasing carbon dioxide , VBG that the ship is more than a synthetic machine , and may be the JJ intelligence controlling the NNPS .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the picture shows the decorated NN on day 5 which was used as transport for lord NNP NN and his NNS - NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
in this experiment , airborne ( NN ) NNS actually show significant JJ NN indicating that the model aircraft is VBG up and generating lift .	8	10	VBP	show	shows
you folks decide , but let 's keep this debate open for a while .	1	2	VBP	decide	decides
sequence analysis further suggests that the NNP protein emerged early in JJ evolution , and whereas most NNS usually possess a single copy of the gene VBG the NNP protein , the NNS NNP and NNP VBP possess multiple copies , NN of independent JJ NNS in these species .	1	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the real estate settlement procedures act , known as NNP , was an act passed by the united states congress in 1974 .	4	5	VBP	act	acts
the law specifically says that even if you entered the us legally - you may still be VBN .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
NN page is in the top 10 hits .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an alternative to JJ ministry gaining ground is the concept of JJ ministry , which seeks to include all age and peer groups in primary church functions .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the orbital period of this system is 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his musical influences include NNP NNP , luther NNP , NNP wonder , NNP NNP , NNP ii men , mary j .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
illinois claims was the first NN game , though several other schools claim to have held the first NN as well .	11	12	VBP	claim	claims
the economy of the town is primarily agriculture , and the major crop is NNS .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this installation is an early example of what in the art world came to be known as institutional NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his amateur record is JJ with 6 NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG between the art of performance , photography in its JJ form , the composition of classical painting and a JJ representation of reality , NNP creates pictures that merge theatrical performances ( NNS ) with a JJ view , exploring the fine line between autobiography and fiction .	14	26	VBZ	creates	create
in any case , the state has to cast its votes en bloc , i .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the programme you and NNP , also on radio 4 , also includes much about personal finance , fraud and NNS .	1	12	VBZ	includes	include
it 's like this burst of energy that just comes out in extremely fast VBG kind of playing where the notes actually connect .	20	22	VBP	connect	connects
north of the village of NNP , a JJ NNP station was built , letting NNP trains reverse and freight trains continue without NN .	20	21	VBP	continue	continues
image is in the public domain because it was first published before 1923 .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
in 2009 , philip NNP , an australian human rights lawyer , presented a report to the united nations human rights commission that NNP NN strikes may violate international law .	24	25	VBZ	strikes	strike
because of the amount of wildlife in and near the river , parts of the town are designated as site of special scientific interest .	12	16	VBP	are	is
NNP and NNP said this article is JJ of the doctor NNP article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the most recent theatrical motion picture winner is grant NNP 's , ben NNP 's and george NNP 's NNP ( 2012 ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
an integral domain is a ring with identity that is ( JJ to ) a NN of a field .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if there is more than one solution , the composer will state this ; if there is no such statement , the problem has only one solution .	22	23	VBZ	has	have
for example in canada , marketed infant NNS are fortified with NN d , but health canada also VBZ JJ NNS receive extra NN d in the form of a supplement .	20	21	VBP	receive	receives
if a review of the person 's experiences with NN NNS shows that adequate tests of at least a few different NNS have not succeeded in controlling the NNS , then the person may be referred to a specialist for a JJ ( or JJ ) assessment .	2	11	VBZ	shows	show
the local library has around 13 , 000 media at its disposal .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the winner is the first to cross under the NN in lower NNP car park .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i do see many of the items are sourced , so my unsourced comment above is inaccurate , but i do still believe the lists to be in violation of the spirit of NN .	13	15	VBZ	is	are
rock fall from above slopes also plays an important role in VBG the snow and ice from NN .	1	6	VBZ	plays	play
the list of NNS in 2000 includes all ships sunk , VBN , VBN , or otherwise lost during 2000 .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include
studies on the binding mechanism of selective NNP NNS show that they have two JJ steps with both NNP and NNP , but the NN for NNP is due to another step that is slow and JJ and is seen only in the NN of NNP , not NNP .	0	9	VBP	show	shows
also , the trivia section VBZ its head - if the information is noteworthy NN it into the rest of the article , otherwise rid of it .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
despite being out of use by NNP , the characters still have a large following with NNS .	9	11	VBP	have	has
the discussion preceding the current one has more information .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
it is predicted to be a JJ molecule , in which despite the JJ NN caused by bond strain , and the high energy of the JJ single bonds , the molecule remains RB stable for reasons of orbital NN .	31	32	VBZ	remains	remain
however , this NN sometimes produces bright NNS .	3	5	VBZ	produces	produce
once this certificate has been registered with the NNP authority ( NNP ) the horse is also eligible to run in hunter NNP , i .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the only way to see a glory is to see your own shadow .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
modern turkish military references refer to corps in arabic ( 1st ) NNS .	3	4	VBP	refer	refers
he must see something there that i do n't , because i do n't see a NN , a release date , or a title , which means this article is still about a crystal album .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
reply the article makes explicit claims of notability for the school , in its winning a few dozen state championships , once all of the relevant article are added .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the NNS have NN that can VB the NNP particles , but the high density NNP particles produced by the twin drive can VB and even reverse the effects .	1	2	VBP	have	has
my first NN is that it inspired it or it did n't , you should n't need initially .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
rush is a soundtrack album to the movie of the same name written and performed by eric NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this should support that the company is notable in the field as it is one of the top 10 in the industry .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the goal is to ease the financial burden placed on families by offering alternative funding to assist with the expenses not covered by traditional insurance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most important crop is JJ , while other important products are JJ and sweet NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the real issue is the people constantly VBG the site .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as of august 2011 , the future of the NNP remains uncertain as jackie jackson released a solo single to itunes and both NNP and NNP jackson were planning new solo studio albums , which have n't been released yet .	6	10	VBZ	remains	remain
NN links are not real claims of notability , and it seems this is a vanity article .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in addition to these groups , the author also VBZ alternative medicine and spiritual recovery movements , and their similarities to JJ groups and their leaders .	7	9	VBZ	examines	examine
the government of morocco sees western NNP as its southern provinces .	1	4	VBZ	sees	see
produced by NNP , the song features a JJ beat .	5	6	VBZ	features	feature
he is real though and the facts are all true so it should be kept .	6	7	VBP	are	is
additionally the implementation of an intelligent pressure management system is an efficient approach to reduce the total real losses in the long term .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
an academic NN evaluation is an JJ report which determines the NN in the united states educational system of a potential us immigrant 's foreign academic and professional NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN means the ford mouth , but what the last element means is still the subject of debate .	11	12	VBZ	means	mean
the image is of low creative content , being a simple JJ portrait distributed for identification purposes by the family of the victim .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game contains no graphic violence , as defeating an enemy only sets an animal free from an evil spell .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
an amateur side also exists , where participants can sign up for classes and train for preparation to become professional basketball players .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
this cave system is one of the first human settlements in america , used by the NNP VBZ inhabitants of the late NNP NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
sciences offered include astronomy , NNS , biology , chemistry , geology , engineering applications , environmental science , NN , project physics and engineering , and physics .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
the reporters are charles graham , richard NNP , chris NNP , NNP walker , chris NNP , david NNP , NNP NNP , beth taylor , greg NNP , phil NNP , paul NNP and simon NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
therefore , all australian plants occurring in the wild are , presently , officially known as r .	4	9	VBP	are	is
the speed limit on the NN JJ lane is 70 for all traffic .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP never kill NNS , an NN closely related to humans whose population is much higher in NNP territory than elsewhere .	7	14	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , the NNP NN scene is a reference to the multiple police car NNS ( and JJ crashes ) from the blues brothers .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
whereas all of NNP 's coins feature the king with a NN or helmet , NNP 's coins show the king wearing an impressive high crown on top of the NN .	17	18	VBP	show	shows
the main office is in sacramento .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i guess , whereas tourist attractions are .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNS are specialty programs , and weekends are JJ .	0	1	VBP	are	is
so it might be worth VBG it to something like effects of nuclear NNS , or any name that better reflects exactly what this article is about .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
henry is VBN since he was hoping for a boy , and their JJ relationship begins to cool .	14	15	VBZ	begins	begin
despite his NNS , at least one episode reveals that NNP is RB a good man , as he was greatly VBN by d .	7	8	VBZ	reveals	reveal
delete and selective merge - the article as it stands is lengthy only because of the excessive game guide material and trivia present .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the female VBZ approximately 50 relatively large ( JJ mm diameter ) eggs which the male carries in his mouth for about three to four months .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
the town borders the NNP fish NNP , a collection of tanks and NNS in a garden setting , where some 25 , 000 fish are raised yearly to stock farm NNS and island lakes .	1	2	VBZ	borders	border
he VBZ he has no idea who the woman is , but with a NN determination he has not exhibited for months , he tells his son , `` but i 'm going to find out .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP rovers men 's soccer team has a long history in new westminster .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
each transport company has its own routes , which usually pass through many districts .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
support - absolutely because admin is and should be no big deal .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
opening with 400 students , the school currently serves a little over 300 students in grades kindergarten through five .	6	8	VBZ	serves	serve
the problem stems from the production of NNS and NNS by certain JJ acid bacteria , particularly of the genera NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	stems	stem
the JJ runway is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
your version is too long and NN in the context .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the hard part of the NNP result is the NN that any JJ locally compact locally connected JJ group allows a compatible NN structure .	18	19	VBZ	allows	allow
may CD NNP , athlete from russia ( in russian ) reference tested at 11 may 2009 the spin involves rotating like a NN NN and using JJ momentum for power .	18	19	VBZ	involves	involve
a notable example is in the application of remote ground NNP ( NNP ) incorporated in NNP ground sensor ( NNP ) systems .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fundamental problem is that this person is not happy with being well known for the thing they 're well known for .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NN , the center of NNP , is major tourist destination , and the city also attracts a large number of students seeking to learn spanish .	14	16	VBZ	attracts	attract
the museum has 17 , CD items on display , 20 , 000 historical photos and 20 JJ items .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP alumni organize a similar alumni shooting with NNS and NNS ( NNP VB NN NNP ) that has taken place every five years since 1996 .	1	2	VBP	organize	organizes
the fight causes a JJ wave that VBZ the entire panama canal as both creatures continue to VB each other .	1	2	VBZ	causes	cause
in 2007 , plans are underway to extend state highway 16 south of its current terminus to interstate 84 .	3	4	VBP	are	is
palm island 's pier is in challenger bay , a JJ service operated by NNP makes a return trip from NNP four times a week .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
known users include many of the elite VBD NNS ( NNP ) such as NNP NNP cases in NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
despite this as the indian wireless market grows NNP still has a loyal base of NNS and many more NNS being added to it every day .	6	7	VBZ	grows	grow
other religions in NNP are NNP , buddhism and islam .	1	4	VBP	are	is
this is article is really desperate for expansion and new information .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
long division is the standard algorithm used for JJ division of JJ numbers expressed in JJ notation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the verb that is immediately subordinate to the NN is always an JJ .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the us billboard site has all the charts in english , and has an archive of the top 50 songs each week .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
according to the 2001 census , the population of the city is 50 , 200 .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the episode sees VBP club director will NNP ( matthew morrison ) form an JJ a NN group , the NNP , VBG the club in favor of VBG his time to the new NN .	1	2	VBZ	sees	see
alumni in the fine arts include designer paul NNP , composer michael NNP and visual artist robert NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
article is already JJ for one week by NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
according to their belief , his NN is JJ i .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the first three sentences are JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
though betty may have suspected affairs in the past , don 's affair with NNP appears to be the only one betty actually knows about .	12	15	VBZ	appears	appear
the mayor is NNP NNP NNP , of the NNP popular .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the channel regularly broadcasts news , films , sports and music .	1	3	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
the precise balls chosen by the bowler during an over will depend on the situation of the match , the skill of the batsman and how settled the batsman is at the NN .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
but rather that a list of such links were available , so people could see which those links are , and which of those are invalid and which not .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the neck NN to the player is VBN to NNP , and five more NNS change the NNS of the strings on this neck , as shown below .	14	15	VBP	change	changes
another new NN is the center for american values in public life , a think tank tasked with studying and VBG the intersection of religion , NN , and progressive politics .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is endemic to california in the united states , where its distribution extends along the coast ranges to the NNP ranges , as well as along the sierra nevada NNS .	12	13	VBZ	extends	extend
punch also does local radio spots in NNP .	0	2	VBZ	does	do
the NN tends to be RB higher in many african races and RB lower in JJ races , for instance ( the difference is minute , but enough to help NNS and the like in their work ) .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
popular classes include spanish , practical living , applied technology , technology exploration , band , choir and german .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS way there is a to do section on the page its says fix templates .	1	12	VBZ	says	say
artists also find inspiration for their works and the peace and quiet necessary to produce them .	0	2	VBP	find	finds
keep the article is worthy of inclusion on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
similarly , if the documentary contains interviews with scholars , the scholar should be cited by name in the article , either in the NN or the NN ( using harvard referencing may help here ) .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
despite its focus on the history of the church , this work also provides valuable information about the early NNP kingdoms .	11	13	VBZ	provides	provide
stores are mainly in communities east of the san gabriel river in los angeles and orange counties .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the sources are sufficient in my opinion .	1	2	VBP	are	is
analog temperature NNS measure the NN water supply and return lines .	2	3	VBP	measure	measures
NNP orbit - an orbit in which the projection of the object onto the JJ plane VBZ about the earth in the direction opposite that of the rotation of the earth .	8	16	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the key operation on NN is the NN of one proof for an assumption used in another proof .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
before the game starts you can VB the amount of core resources and to choose the right battlefield .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
rear seats for the NNP NNP are friction NN VBD at NNP , NNP NNS at NNP climate control and VB gas NN NNS at NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
by performing this ritual , people believe that strong wind and NNS which become common during this time will not harm them .	5	6	VBP	believe	believes
the image is small enough and not offensive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only historical analysis is JJ and JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
again the process comes to a stop .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
NN is more about making sure a candidate is good after the fact , this is designed to give VB an RB before hand to prove themselves and to become ready to deal with what actually being a admin will be like .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
it now comprises over CD sports medicine physicians whose goal is to provide a link between the rapidly expanding core of knowledge related to sports medicine and its application to patients in a clinical setting .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
however , this table relates only NNS known to the police .	3	4	VBZ	relates	relate
these NNS have been used for the synthesis of left handed and negative JJ index media , where the necessary value of the negative effective NN is due to the presence of the NNP .	20	26	VBZ	is	are
set near the end and after the events of all the NNP of NNP it further VBZ the science fiction aspects of the origins of the NNP series with the JJ aspects presented by the original books .	0	16	VBZ	integrates	integrate
the canton comprises 2 NNS and a total of 26 , CD inhabitants ( census of 1999 , without double counting ) .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
it seems contrary to common sense to be unable to state that an individual appears to have VBN ' .	13	14	VBZ	appears	appear
determining whether or not the claim of notability is valid under policy is what afd is for .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
articles about terms , however , are precisely the domain of NNP and explicitly not the domain of wikipedia .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the nature of the river creates a highly technical course , with the current frequently switching from side to side of the river over the length of the course .	1	5	VBZ	creates	create
this state program permits high school students to take courses , at higher education institutions , to earn college credits .	2	3	VBZ	permits	permit
the district is one of 31 NNP districts RB , as of the JJ school year , the district 's 45 schools had an enrollment of 31 , 350 students and 2 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the chinese space program is one of the world 's most active , and is a major source of national pride .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of , of which is land and ( 35 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
so if a website contains an article discussing the subject , you should give the url of the specific article , not just the site 's url .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the school follows the NNP and NNP NN and recently the national open school NN .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the list is RB JJ and will never , ever be comprehensive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
force NNP this force keeps track of other agent forces on the global scale , and also VBZ the outcome of battles and military operations .	3	4	VBZ	keeps	keep
men have NNS that produce NNS .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the event challenges the students ' knowledge , NN and NN , while VBG the NN and NN of concrete as a building material .	1	2	VBZ	challenges	challenge
the article is about a possible name for a possible plane that may not be technically or financially possible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in colorado NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a similar concept , but now in silver , is NNP 's n .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
his only conclusion , when a user VBZ the project and allegedly NNS at NNP , is to shut down the whole project .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
the most famous routes lead to the canton of NNP , across the NNP pass straight to NNP ( with cable cars operating at each end ) or through the wild NNP valley across the higher NNP pass to the NNP .	3	4	VBP	lead	leads
its two business areas are NNP NNP rail ( formerly NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a similar badge , the vice presidential service badge , exists for military personnel assigned to assist the vice president of the united states .	2	10	VBZ	exists	exist
the only difference is that a generator function can not control where should the execution continue after it VBZ ; the control is always transferred to the generator 's NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i fear the quotes are quite accurate .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the units use many components of the NNP , for instance parts of the suspension , the ( modified ) engine , the electrical system and the steering system .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
throughout middle school , NNP makes a `` survival guide '' to give troubled or JJ students tips on how to survive middle school .	2	5	VBZ	makes	make
a major feature within the NN is its JJ beach , which is 2 , 000 square metres of JJ concrete surrounded by 4 , 000 JJ metres of sand .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this list of indian women in dance includes women from india or of indian NN who are notable for their involvement with modern or traditional indian dance , as dancers or NNS .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include
strong support this is a really eye VBG image and has a JJ combination of colours , would make a great featured picture .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the other campaign takes place on NNP a few years after the original storyline .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the tail has JJ mainly single JJ scales and the JJ scale is single .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a VBG circuit adds the JJ body NN signal to the VBN bridge signal to produce an output signal that sounds like an acoustic instrument .	2	3	VBZ	adds	add
for both national and regional matches , this competition consists of eight members .	8	9	VBZ	consists	consist
such a vector addition phenomenon is something which applies to particle NNS and not to waves .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the facility also has a restaurant , NN use sports field , tanks for fish and NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
however , some sources suggest that a NN of birds from china around 1835 were given to queen victoria , assuming the name of NNP ' and that these birds were VBN with further NNS and were developed into the breed we know today as NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	suggest	suggests
the platform is only long enough to handle NN trains .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ok , the article should not have been started RB , but the suggestion of NN is simply incorrect .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
its main areas of action are international collaboration on terminology , terminology policy , legal aspects of terminology data ( copyright ) , theory and NN of structured content ( terminology database management ) and JJ NN .	2	5	VBP	are	is
NNP reply your concerns are vague and unclear .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the school NNS have several performances throughout the year .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the families of these nobles NNP still use their NNS as NNP and are mainly settled in and around NNP .	1	7	VBP	use	uses
a portion is in missouri city itself .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
speedy delete is not an option here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is long , and the area of its drainage basin is .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP stadium metro station is a station on the NNP and wear metro , serving the town of NNP , england .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
comment bbc report suggests he made CD .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the film ends with a circus entering the NNP , its members being the cast of the film now VBN as NNS , NNS and other circus performers .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the coat is medium long , with NNS on the leg and longer hair on the front of the chest , giving the impression of a longer VBN coat .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN 's NN and his followers ' strict , JJ discipline makes the new brotherhood army into a JJ force .	10	11	VBZ	makes	make
the formula for the area of a NN is height times length , or VB , in our case .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
walls are usually constructed such that the pieces of wood are `` proud '' of ( NN from ) the NN by a small amount ( an inch or less ) .	7	10	VBP	are	is
after nearly five minutes , NNP 's vocals appear in a NN , which he sings in for most of the song .	7	8	VBP	appear	appears
the name of the town is a blend of hartford and windsor , from which its earliest settlers came .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a controlled substance is generally a drug or chemical whose manufacture , possession , or use is regulated by a government .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other traditions and customs vary by college .	1	4	VBP	vary	varies
the NNS , rather than VBG on expensive and heavily processed meat NNS , use readily available and JJ ingredients .	1	14	VBP	use	uses
an JJ NN of pale yellow or white crosses the JJ third of the first NN , cutting the brown fringe on each side of the NN .	2	8	VBZ	crosses	cross
NN bias is another potential cause of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if we were people who did bad things to you , it would be JJ - but VBP that we are the reason these fun games exist in the first place .	25	26	VBP	exist	exists
their entry , titled `` closed doors '' , is available for viewing on youtube .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
i suspect the reason is that food prices , as a percentage of income , are lower in the us than anywhere else .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some locations , such as the tree of the silver guru , appear in both novels ( although the railway , which has a major role in NNP junction , was in the earlier book a JJ road ) .	1	12	VBP	appear	appears
in addition the line has a few industrial steam locomotives and some small diesel NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the unemployment rate is around 11 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
major works by well known authors deserve an article , and an editor should not be put in the NN of VBG a stub deleted because of insufficient evidence or having a red link deleted because there was no stub .	1	6	VBP	deserve	deserves
the film is frequently JJ , either as from 1922 or 1924 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBG is a large industry in NNP , and many NNS sell silver works at lower prices in NNP city , compared to manila .	10	11	VBP	sell	sells
by the same NN , we have guidance on what VBD images are JJ for copyright and which ones are copyrighted .	11	12	VBP	are	is
if the answer to question 1 is much greater than the answer to question 2 and that also holds true for things of the same type of the same relative level of NN , then the article should be kept .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his collection is in excess of 10 , 000 model cars ( 2012 ) and he is a JJ NNP world record holder for the year 2002 and 2003 for his collection of model cars which was 7 , 000 pieces at the time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
we have to add an origin to turn that into a vector space for one observer , even if that position space is still JJ as considered independent of observer .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the bank offers a full range of banking and financial services .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
however , numerous reports have claimed that gay men are far JJR to be VBN in the country than NNS ; an attitude that has been apparent throughout NNP history .	8	9	VBP	are	is
however , i would make the argument that though this individual is only notable for the way they died , the manner of their death has VBN controversy such areas as hate crime and immigration .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
also VBG on NNP , where it was used from 1981 to early 1988 , this version is JJR in NN with a slightly more disco feel , and is performed in b minor .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
she has just finished work on a very interesting clock where a band comes out and plays every hour .	12	13	VBZ	comes	come
this picture is currently not in any articles ; however , a version that is used as a NN is found on the main page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
paul , your attitude strikes me as RB JJ .	3	4	VBZ	strikes	strike
bold as NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP railway station is close by .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
but , the next day the engineer informs the NN that this second meter was not working at the time of the measuring .	6	7	VBZ	informs	inform
plants are able to VB nitrogen directly in the form of NNS that may be present in soil from natural mineral deposits , artificial NNS , animal waste , or organic decay ( as the product of bacteria , but not bacteria specifically associated with the plant ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the requirement is that they edit in line with our policies of neutrality and verifiability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the NN intensity in NNP falls off RB with distance from the NN ( instead of as a NN with a JJ ) , the NN function is different .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
his weapon of choice is the bow and arrow , because he feels that said weapons represent the greatest challenge and give the prey the JJS chance .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
x addresses say that the entire range 71 .	1	2	VBP	say	says
low flow policy VBZ to states and tribes water quality standards that identify procedures applied to determining critical low flow conditions .	2	3	VBZ	pertains	pertain
variations on these techniques exist , and new methods can offer added benefits .	0	4	VBP	exist	exists
its exterior walls are of brick covered by bedford limestone .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her second novel , the mother daughter show , is a NN set at an elite washington , dc private school , where the mothers of graduating senior girls write and perform an annual musical NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NN , but no one seems to care about those .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
in mathematics , a JJ surface is one of the surfaces of general type introduced by .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
australian personal injury claims payments on business and household insurance policies .	2	3	VBZ	claims	claim
note , the station numbers go up to VB ' .	4	5	VBP	go	goes
the difference between da and NN appears simple .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
this highway is JJ to ice and snow in winter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this section includes the sections that should be included in a big brother series article if possible and necessary .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
b and i symbols are exactly the same as the ones in NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
his date is rather JJ , saying she thinks something dark is going on and he needs help .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think the character page has yet to be made ) .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
although the alien says `` do n't be afraid '' , homer NNS and runs away VBG .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
serbian NN ( a game in which players try to VB the exact number of tricks they will take , and each round players are dealt one card less .	7	8	VBP	try	tries
NNP is VBN and dozens of demons VBP the gang .	4	7	VBP	surround	surrounds
on nearby NNP lane , NNP , first greater manchester service CD provides a direct link to NNP and NNP , while another first service , the CD , also provides a link to NNP and NNP plus to NNP via NNP .	24	30	VBZ	provides	provide
the main problem here is that such NN lists try to connect unrelated NNS based on NN NNS , or at best linguistic similarities .	8	9	VBP	try	tries
the NNP helmet uses an integral embedded design , and its JJ shape is designed to provide the pilot with a wholly JJ field of view .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
this category is for articles related to discrimination , perceived discrimination , and JJ advocacy efforts in australia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the process of NN , therefore , is not complete , and may still VB a threat to life on earth .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the main trail is a loop .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
large areas are now covered by NN , but the extent to which the NNS are the result of human intervention is still subject to debate .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the aircraft 's NNP type certificate designation is the NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
voice of ho chi NNP city is under the administration of ho chi NNP city service of culture and communication and ho chi NNP city communist party commission .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
a related application is the JJ NN , a device that VBZ light off of NNS in a crystal , generated by JJ elements .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he was also the first to VB and correctly describe details of many important NNS , and for this reason , as many historians and scientists claim , he may RB be called the father of modern NN , and also regarded as the founder of experimental biology .	23	26	VBP	claim	claims
if an air flow is fuel free , the fuel mass fraction is zero ; in pure fuel without trapped gases , the ratio is unity .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
see NNP waves as an example of when changes of NN are RB effective .	8	11	VBP	are	is
the notes have to be VBN for the article .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the song is recorded entirely in japanese , and NNS in translation are JJ .	9	12	VBP	are	is
various tools are available that VBZ into the NNP NN to access NNP functions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
not all JJ films let the main character win .	3	4	VBP	let	lets
the immediate change needed in teacher education is to develop professional identity of teachers and VBG faith in the key role of the teacher as an academic leader in the school system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
rebel army radio awards CD army radio 's second awards show took place on oct .	9	10	VBP	show	shows
the mostly JJ leaves are generally oval in shape and up to 10 NNS long , with the lowest ones much reduced .	3	4	VBP	are	is
while speed increases seem to be only a JJ difference from human intelligence , actual improvements in intelligence would be RB different .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
a complete list , however , is available here .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the island rises out of the sea and is exposed to severe JJ conditions year round .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
NNP algorithm is a variation of the NNP exchange algorithm , with the change that it is specifically designed for NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , a bolt action 's only moving parts when firing are the pin and spring .	8	11	VBP	are	is
however , JJ rocks are JJ against NNS , as they are made of a JJ type of safety glass , and therefore do not VB .	3	4	VBP	are	is
feeling NN about crossing a river , the animals fear that it is too wide for them to cross it .	8	9	VBP	fear	fears
beyond athletic activities , students participate in a full range of clubs and organizations including NNP bowl , the national honor society , the national english honor society , the science national honor society , student council , and the arkansas science NNP .	2	5	VBP	participate	participates
the technical meaning of a word used by a NN analyst , and the common meaning is not JJ .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the region VBZ two male and one female members of the national assembly of pakistan ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	elects	elect
the two cuban soldiers jump onto the NN VBG the explosion .	3	4	VBP	jump	jumps
the player develops their character by placing points into JJ skill trees .	1	2	VBZ	develops	develop
a periodic NN table is dependent on the JJ table , as it needs the detailed data held in the JJ fact table in order to deliver the chosen performance output .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
my point is that the petition is far more reliable than a mainstream media article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the diary page is apparently what she saw sebastian writing in her dream before he went down the cottage , and in it he talks about just having a dream himself about a girl who follows a flute down to the cottage ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP and lady NNP battle outside but ace breaks it up .	4	8	VBZ	breaks	break
VBG on NNP region , ontario , the municipality is the NN of some of the JJS sections on the ottawa river , popular with NNS and NNS .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP dates for your web references are JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is
i understand that some types of NN , which is a grass , grow so quickly you can actually see and hear it ( VBG sounds ) .	4	13	VBP	grow	grows
one side of the NN is long , and the flights of NNS at each of the four sides of it are wide .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as a part of their first act together as a class , each NNP class meets together at the honor code signing ceremony , where every member of the class VBZ their honor and signs the code .	14	15	VBZ	meets	meet
insects that spin NNS include moths and web NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
my information is that they were never sold separately and were an `` extra '' with a limited number of copies of the book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this information is also not contained on the NNP page meaning it is not NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the version produced is what we know now as the `` radio version '' .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
all google hits seem to be JJ promotion or mirrors of wp information .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
the NNS are medium VBN , standing 1 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the foundation employs three programs , web science and research , web technology and practice and web for society , to reach the objectives of the organization .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
other spoken languages are indian languages , especially NNP , and portuguese ( spoken by indians and NNP blacks , respectively ) and to a lesser extent french ( from neighbouring NNP , NNP and democratic republic of the congo ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a running NN on the series is the fact that martin is a JJ NN 's boy .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the committee originally consists of 23 clubs including the women 's section of 18 NNP members and 5 JJ member women 's teams ranked top of their respective national associations .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNS are the only family in the NN NNP , although alternative NNS treat the group as an NN within the NN NNP , in which case it is called NNP ( see the NNP and NNP pages for a discussion ) .	12	13	VBP	treat	treats
the town is a NNP NNP , having NNP NNP and also sub division office under NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
exactly how much trade , VBG transport costs VBP from china ( or for that matter anywhere else ) depend ultimately on how important those costs are in total costs .	25	26	VBP	are	is
an NNP backup VBZ the changes in a volume since the last full , differential , or NNP backup .	2	3	VBZ	transfers	transfer
articles are JJ , and can only be altered by approval of congress with NN by all the state NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the station has 3 platforms with a design which can accommodate a fourth platform in the future .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
but the laws of physics are not JJ with respect to ordinary rotation in the NNP plane ; you need a NNP transformation instead .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the leaves are up to 10 or 15 NNS long and variable in shape , though often JJ with a narrow middle in the rough shape of a NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if VBN , the NN typically VBZ a lower interest rate than was VBN .	4	6	VBZ	obtains	obtain
it is here that the NN of saskatchewan begins , and to the north of the city begins the JJ growth of jack pine ( NNP NN ) , as well as other NN forest growth in the prince albert national park , and NNP forest .	16	17	VBZ	begins	begin
regional models use a global model for initial conditions of the edge of their domain in order to allow systems from outside the regional model domain to move into its area .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
my position is in support of what the community of article creators , contributors , and readers actually want or how they interpret policies and guidelines .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
keep the page seems useful and has a couple NNS that are interesting and may be useful to someone .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
because of the long period of development in the body , NN damages the body and then the body has time to repair itself .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
as these stores become VBN , NN then encourages the liver and NN to VB additional NN by NN .	2	3	VBP	become	becomes
these crops remain major contributors to the agricultural sector .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
the band is notable and it VBZ fit the deletion policy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nearest national rail station is NNP parkway ( 14 miles ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
archaeological evidence indicates the island has been a site of human activity since the early woodland period , around 1000 bce .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the organization has CD active chapters and over 300 , 000 members worldwide .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
support indefinite block - NNP is a classic example of a user who refuses to respond to talk page NNS while damaging several articles , as it has been with another user who VBD film articles before he was blocked indefinitely .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
even so , the reasons behind the block are not what i would like to see .	4	8	VBP	are	is
strong support edit counts are not everything .	3	4	VBP	are	is
my name is NNP NNP is a 2012 documentary film about three contemporary artists , one of them the film director , who in 2007 all changed their name to that of NNP NNP , the prime minister of slovenia .	1	2	VBZ	Is	Are
i 'm sure other country governments have similar public lists ) .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the heir apparent is the present holder 's son joseph NNP NNP ( b .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
this law allows inmates to practice a wide variety of religions , as well as attend regular services and possess many religious items .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP NNP 's only edit to the NNP swamp article is in the trivia section .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
JJ tract NNS occur more commonly in women than men , with half of women having at least one infection at some point in their lives .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
this plant has been cultivated in japan for more than a thousand years and some varieties mentioned in japanese NN books in the late 17th century are still in existence .	15	26	VBP	are	is
significantly , NNP does not need to assert that his new NN is true , merely that it is RB valid .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the shooting remains controversial not only because the killer 's NN remains unknown , but also because of RB VBG information from the public by the authorities and what is generally perceived as a failed police action .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
my work is a celebration of life , and it feeds my RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN rule also implies that a JJ firm will produce on the JJ region of its market demand curve .	3	5	VBZ	implies	imply
NNS are now shown before the film ( or the a movie in a double feature program ) begins .	6	18	VBZ	begins	begin
the music department at NNP valley hosts an annual concert in december named `` NNP '' .	2	6	VBZ	hosts	host
create a solution architecture template for all the core applications so that all the projects have a common starting ground for designing NNS .	14	15	VBP	have	has
the details of how the internet traffic is paid for are quite complex .	1	10	VBP	are	is
NNS from using JJ include new NNS of the hiv virus and drug resistance .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
their advantages include a large potential storage volume and relatively common occurrence reducing the distance over which NNP has to be transported .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
there is much more sunshine during the winter on NNP than in zagreb or NNP , so it is not surprising that winter is the most visited season on the NNP mountain .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
migration is a common effect of winter upon animals , notably birds .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the fifth round is for the JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when NNP NNS , the twins get an idea and say that they need to get to the mall for supplies .	5	6	VBP	get	gets
to put it in simpler terms , the american red cross is notable , but the ( insert random county ) red cross chapter is not notable .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
letter of the weak steve reads out a letter he received during the week , and answers .	0	5	VBZ	reads	read
the NN features a by american eagle as well as an JJ relief on the low wall along the NN depicting the march of the mormon battalion from council NNP , iowa , to los angeles .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the name means old settlement in serbian .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
its headquarters are in the town of NNP in the east of the area on the cross river and the NNP highway at .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN of the seal , sir john marshall , and others have claimed that this figure is a prototype of shiva , and have described the figure as having three faces , seated in a `` NN NN '' with the NNS out and feet joined .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the CD 's deployment is the first time an NNP has deployed to afghanistan .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the majority of its programming falls under the modern rock category .	1	5	VBZ	falls	fall
his younger brother chris is a team manager for NNP NNP team racing aston martin NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
complaints about the section editing experience with NNP are completely valid in that context , for example ; the [ [ progressive NN ] ] of JJ section edit links was a bad idea .	0	8	VBP	are	is
some houses are adjacent to the NNP bird sanctuary park .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the only conclusion which can be draw from JJ evidence is that in the JJ culture that in the vast majority of cases the bodies were not formally VBN within the settlement area .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
if controlled burns are not possible , JJ NN is recommended as a substitute .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the santo NNP church and former monastery is the largest structure in the town , set on a small hill overlooking the river .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the concerns listed there include incivility , personal attacks , VBG comments aimed at younger editors , and a complete NN of copyright policy .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the higher error ratio requires an algorithm that can correct errors up to five bits and detect the condition of more than five bad bits .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
training of health workers for JJ care and management orientation to VB control the hospital also VBZ other services available for appropriate patients such as physical therapy , JJ therapy , NN , laboratory , JJ services and assistance .	14	16	VBZ	conducts	conduct
if the NN already has two strikes and hits two NN balls he is out .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
its effect on clark kent is to rid him of all NNS , making him JJ and potentially dangerous if exposed to it for too long .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i guess the question is what we mean by disruption .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ JJ JJ system depicts the interaction between the entire NN and its JJ blood supply using the electrical signals collected from only two left JJ leads ( NNP and ii ) , backed by a large cross JJ JJ database .	4	5	VBZ	depicts	depict
the delay mechanism uses a minimum of metal making it difficult to detect when used with one of the minimum metal cases .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
their books often hit NN lists and win awards .	1	3	VBP	hit	hits
both humans and bacteria do JJR than that .	1	4	VBP	do	does
the facility features 32 JJ NNS , wireless internet access and seating for 100 working members of the media .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the farm , established by vietnam war veteran NNP NNP in 2006 , the farm employs some 15 girls to VB the raw silk into thread ; they make NNS and other items , sold in the shop on site .	14	15	VBZ	employs	employ
the venture is part of beijing 's effort to `` present an international vision with a chinese perspective , '' NNP president li NNP said at the press conference VBG the launch of NNP world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the surviving branch , that of NNP , was divided into the lines of NNP and NNP ; other divisions followed , and the four existing lines of this branch of the family are those of NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	26	33	VBP	are	is
this image VBZ the last show of the NN hardcore band have hear , picture taken in 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
furthermore , VBP placement is an editorial decision which should be under the control of human users unless in absolutely exceptional circumstances .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
right now i think the best place to be to defend against those trying to divide the community is arbcom .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
after this bad news the family receives bad news of their own when the baby nearly dies of fever and the long distance it takes to get to the hospital .	5	6	VBZ	receives	receive
for a rational and JJ time system , the condition for stability is that the region of NN ( NNP ) of the NN includes the unit circle .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
the record for that team is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NN mine consists of the main production site with two JJ mines and two processing facilities .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
that 's the way my life is .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
several NNP burn projects involve making things and then VBG them .	3	4	VBP	involve	involves
this plant grows in many types of desert habitat .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
NNP 's comments about NNP christians are reminiscent of the JJ NNS of NNP smith and dr NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the route ends at NNP in the center of the town .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
accounts differ as to what phase of a JJ experience a review might take place in .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
on deep space nine , the crew shoots a particle beam at the NN using the NN array , VBG to close it .	6	7	VBZ	shoots	shoot
JJ facilities include a gym , sports hall , a JJ JJ football pitch and tennis courts .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the area is well known for its abundant NNS , now threatened by mining , and other endemic flora .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another theory is that the aliens were somehow able to VB human memory , possibly to ensure surprise in the future should they fail and VB or for the colonists when they arrive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
known NNS of this species include the NNS NNP NN , g .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
as the film draws to its end , captain NNP tells NNP precisely how impressed he has been by his actions .	2	3	VBZ	draws	draw
the player is able to choose JJ versions of formula one racing drivers , such as sebastian NNP , lewis hamilton , NNP NNP and fernando NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it has a small NN in the end from where the NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) valley begins .	17	18	VBZ	begins	begin
but the NNP queen says that death is not the answer .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
the soundtrack , released in 1999 , features 5 tracks with lyrics written by NNP , NNP and na .	1	7	VBZ	features	feature
players ' bond holdings are open to public NN , but they are allowed to keep their cash on hand secret .	3	4	VBP	are	is
other landmarks are the old wheel used for mining , the old pit and a bomb hole .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if an article has sanctions , but does n't fit into one of the above topic areas , use instead .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
when more precise results are required , or when the NNS are a weak acid and a weak base , a ph meter or a NN meter are used .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the NN ring that supports the dome is almost JJ in shape with JJ top .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
he believes that in JJ NN should be banned , taking a JJ stance ; is against same-sex civil unions , believing that the traditional family is a basis of society ; and is against abortion .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the film shows how a young boy in nazi germany is VBN and VBN at an early age and learns to believe all that the german government tells him .	26	27	VBZ	tells	tell
in general , this phase represents a major cultural NN in terms of territory , and two significant episodes of NN .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
salt , NNS ( such as NN ) , oil , and wine are VBN or VBN on the meat once the cooking process is well under way .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
missions consist of a series of objectives which must be completed by the player .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
the JJ ideas that race is not an issue helps to VB white privilege .	8	9	VBZ	helps	help
in the confusion of the battle , many of the wounded and dead troops were left behind by VBG american troops , and a large part of the force was also captured ; consequently , the identity of this first combat NN remains a mystery .	36	42	VBZ	remains	remain
no comment on the ips , but the named accounts are matches to one another .	9	10	VBP	are	is
government leaders determine that the spread of the virus VBZ the economic NN of new york city ; residents suddenly stop buying alcohol , tobacco or drugs , and the stock exchange and business districts are threatened with collapse if everyone is happy and nice to one another .	1	2	VBP	determine	determines
whenever i have pointed out the NNS in what jimmy wales is doing , several people come to my support , then i get blocked .	15	16	VBP	come	comes
features such as a pin code request and a call VBG service mean the users personal information wo n't be at risk should they accidentally leave their phone lying about .	0	12	VBP	mean	means
research into this field is relatively recent ( less than 20 years ) and therefore there is much to learn about the function of specific NNS .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
RB bodies are JJ findings of JJ nuclear remnants ( clusters of dna ) in VBG NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other cycle parameters are a bypass ratio 5 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
material on modern irish is JJ , and old irish is available , but what i really want is the language of the classical poets .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
substances are most often VBN as category 1 NNS by JJ data and as category 2 or 3 NNS through the results of animal testing .	0	1	VBP	are	is
each station is JJ total art experience where artists have created JJ environments , RB expressing themes of community , location , and heritage ' through JJ landscapes and JJ wall NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her NNP NNP z image color is green .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this system is relatively new to the game and is often attributed to the randy NNP VBP since they were the first major team to use the system , but it is not known whose idea it originally was .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the records assert that his position as head of the resistance was granted by his followers rather than NNP .	1	2	VBP	assert	asserts
the facility is also just behind the NNP athletics center , which allows NNS easy access to some of the top training personnel and VBG facilities on the west coast .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem here is what it has been in many of the previous discussions .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS requiring that federal courts allow citation of JJ cases .	4	5	VBP	allow	allows
even though he never finds his father , james 's experiences teach him that he needs to accept himself for who he is so that he does not `` get lost from himself '' , the way he believes his father had done .	10	11	VBP	teach	teaches
round 1 is to pick five boxes , round 2 for four boxes to be picked , round 3 for three boxes , and then rounds JJ for two boxes .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
an air gun is a gun which fires NNS by means of JJ air or other gas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
more information on this subject exists in the italian wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist
JJ displays are those which are intended to VB or drive off , or alternatively , NN and avoid conflict with other individuals .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other lakes include NNP lake , NNP lake , and NNP lake .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NNS of females with JJ NN show no difference in brain size .	1	7	VBP	show	shows
judge 's employer , larry , is an elderly man who had a JJ encounter with the beast as a child .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in the JJ season , the JJ NNS on the back and wing tips of the african sacred NNP look similar to the NNS of an NN , which VBZ NNP ' description .	7	19	VBP	look	looks
one does vote merge but the result is more votes for keeping and the article is closed as keep , without the possibility of a merge mentioned .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
many of the sections seem too short and the article is not very well organized .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the holocaust museum website has a discussion of the history of the NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NN is the key , and the NN method is not the way to achieve that .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the main line extends RB from columbia junction , near NNP , to NNP junction , a distance of 8 .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
the newspaper of record is the daily times .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS classes are technical drawing , technology , french , english , mathematics etc .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it is quite likely that the image is in the public domain in the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
most interior design practice NNS contain NNS which allow individuals or businesses to continue practicing in areas not subject to regulation such as residential design .	4	5	VBP	contain	contains
the result of the debate was speedy merge , the creator of this RB created category agrees with this proposal , therefore i am VBG this per speedy criterion NNP .	10	16	VBZ	agrees	agree
the NN arrangement has one wheel in the front , called the nose wheel , and two or more main wheels slightly IN of the center of gravity .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
young NNS ' NNP sentence of detention in a young NNS ' institution ( or NNP ) is available to the court in respect of those between the ages of 15 and 21 years ( JJ ) who have committed JJ NNS .	4	17	VBZ	is	are
NNS use a variety of facial expressions , NNS and sounds to communicate with each other .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
an JJ enclosed NN runs the length of the bridge and NNS students from the weather .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
the problem is that 5 uninvolved editors have said at the rfc that the inclusion of the reference is inappropriate .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
the well is approximately in diameter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
michael NNP is about one person , but article seems to be about two JJ people , both of whom are equally NNP .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
its ordinary ( bishop ) and his NNS serve the members of the australian defence force ( NNP ) and their families in all three services the royal australian navy ( ran ) , the australian army and the royal australian air force ( NNP ) regardless of location .	7	8	VBP	serve	serves
sensor aspect ratio has an impact on lens design .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
while the frame elements are still current in the sense of being present in the NNP and NNP NNP , there are no plans to preserve them in future standards , as their function has been largely replaced , and they are highly problematic for user NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a bee flies about NN and NN , but as soon as it finds honey it VBZ to it .	1	2	VBZ	flies	fly
the 5 year disease free survival rate for NNP positive cancer is significantly higher when appropriately treated with surgery , radiation and NN as compared to JJ positive cancer , VBN by multiple studies including research conducted by dr .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNS have very weak political influence , far from autonomy .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a similar database exists for the arkansas register of historic places .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
or that the NNS against slavery are not real NNS in those countries where there was no slavery before the NNS .	3	6	VBP	are	is
some ceiling fans have JJ blade pitch instead of JJ motor .	2	3	VBP	have	has
this one is pretty obvious with a quick google search , it seems to me .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the column capitals exhibit simple sculpture which would later be VBN .	2	3	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
NNS are completely light brown gold VBD .	0	1	VBP	are	is
historians VBP NNP as controversial , JJ , and NN .	0	1	VBP	portray	portrays
i am , of course , worried about the internet connection , because i need this for my job , but i am pretty sure i will have one , because the job is at a university , and i would need it for that job , too .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the states currently involved in the settlement are arizona , california , connecticut , florida , iowa , michigan , north carolina , ohio , texas , and washington .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the second manuscript - the only known one to still exist - is in the british museum and was published by NNP in 1903 .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
can be VBN after release if film is notable .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
model NNS estimate that a 100 mw plant would require a 1 , 000 m tower and a NN of .	1	2	VBP	estimate	estimates
the game is similar to the daily number and big 4 , except NNP is a JJ game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
christian radio is still quite new in australia and the wheel is still being invented in some areas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS to the authors for trying really hard to make this look like an article , but the topic itself is inherently non-notable .	18	20	VBZ	is	are
a NN is a JJ JJ chamber that a person may interface with and , if VBN with the proper JJ equipment , use to connect to a network resembling an extremely advanced world wide web .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in this case , JJ light around CD NNS in NN is absorbed , and the reflected light appears blue as a result .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear
it usually grows to 2 metres in height and width the JJ leaves are stem VBG with 3 rounded NNS , each VBN with a NN .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the contestant is then informed that that answer is incorrect , and that every mob member got it wrong ; the contestant then gets to choose from the correct answer , and the other , incorrect , answer .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
when the new season starts , i will make sure to make an article for it .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start
it is soon revealed to matt that the NNP 's sworn enemy is NNP 's firm , led by tommy NNP ( NNP bell ) , with whom NNP makes negotiations after getting JJ of matt .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the board of directors includes members of both the medical and lay communities .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
a classic stamp is a NN stamp of a type considered distinctive by NNS , typically applied to stamps printed in the early period of stamp production , e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
examples of NNP pc devices are the NNP NNP CD , hp CD , hp NNP CD , and NNP NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the NN harvest for NNS is typically around NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the plot follows the eponymous NN , the daughter of a marriage between a NN and an actress , as she grows into sexual NN and is VBN in mystery and scandal .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the chief picture VBN to him is an JJ in the NNP institute at NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the groups advocate for cleanup and the placement of NNS , prayer books and an NN for the torah be permanently placed at the site .	1	2	VBP	advocate	advocates
most georgian cottage style buildings were built between the years of 1850 and 1890 , so the use of this architectural style in 1902 reflects the conservative attitude that many in the settlement felt toward new architectural practices .	17	24	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the criteria for the different classes are below .	1	6	VBP	are	is
human body shape is a complex phenomenon with sophisticated detail and function .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the north korean constitution has NNS VBG the NNS of speech and assembly .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the NNP spectrum awards honour works in science fiction , fantasy and horror which include positive NNS of gay , lesbian , JJ or JJ characters , themes , or issues .	4	5	VBZ	works	work
the large NN `` castro '' sign is JJ of both the theatre and the castro district .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
fair use in absolute NNP ( song ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
other common names are fire lily or george lily .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the rules for such biographies are much JJR than for articles about towns or NNS for example .	1	5	VBP	are	is
for example , the second figure from the left is a man wearing a JJ belt ; he may represent NNP ( NN ) .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
one example is the JJ waters , made by VBG the .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the title is likely a JJ naming of the demon king NNP from the book of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , no evidence exists to suggest that an JJ phone NN will begin a career as a NN .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
strong keep police NNS that trigger massive riots in london are probably notable .	3	10	VBP	are	is
a JJ extension that VBZ out of the NN allows a JJ [ 50 .	2	9	VBZ	allows	allow
it is native to central and south america , where its distribution extends from NNP to ecuador .	11	12	VBZ	extends	extend
in NNP 's fiction , the exploration of `` JJ NNS '' within the context of JJ lives , mainly from a male viewpoint , plays an important role .	6	25	VBZ	plays	play
the district is an excellent fruit region .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as administrators we still have editor NNS , and we still have all of the tools that editors have .	17	18	VBP	have	has
the island is the main location for the film summer lovers and subject of a large number of documentary films .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
of course the goal of the article is not to list every NN in history ; rather , it is meant to list NNS of notable lawyers ( or notable NNS of otherwise JJ lawyers , though i doubt there are any such cases ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the most common symptoms of NNP include VBN or decreased vision due to NN cells in the JJ .	3	6	VBP	include	includes
this apparent NN motion is created when the orbit of the earth takes it past an outer planet .	8	12	VBZ	takes	take
the table below shows the JJ representation of all NNS of this type in which the NN is less than 60 .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the canyon reaches NNS of within the park .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
these companies provide free advertising and media exposure to the campaign .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the largely JJ community serves as an agricultural hub for the surrounding area and offers a consumers ' cooperative and farm equipment NNS .	3	4	VBZ	serves	serve
NN NNS include social security and NNP NN taxes , as well as the net profit or loss of the u .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
one point upon which most VBP professionals generally agree is that any dive on which the parameters VBP the possibility of a safe and direct NN to the surface should be considered technical diving of some sort , and must require specialized training and associated advanced certification .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
one notable NN is the late former united states senator ross bass .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he is VBZ most of the NN of the moon journey , having to stay and man the centre , but VBZ some of it when the returning moon rocket nearly lands on his car .	29	31	VBZ	lands	land
the state has , however , voted for every democratic presidential candidate from 1992 onwards .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the conflict ends in a draw and NNP has no choice but to admit defeat .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
both their families are good friends .	2	3	VBP	are	is
pov and ownership issues but removing NNS template is a good first step .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
we start books on page 1 ; we start months on the 1st ; so if NN is when the afternoon starts , then it makes sense to consider it part of the afternoon , rather than the very end of morning .	20	21	VBZ	starts	start
reserve batteries achieve very long storage time ( on the order of 10 years or more ) without loss of capacity , by physically VBG the components of the battery and only VBG them at the time of use .	1	2	VBP	achieve	achieves
he died on 7 october CD aged 46 , and was buried in NNP , although parish NNS report that his memorial was later VBN and replaced on 14 october CD .	17	18	VBP	report	reports
NNP 's photographs of the second NNP war are the first to document a military campaign as it VBD , doing so through a sequence of dated and related images .	2	8	VBP	are	is
n specifically states that mentions such as these are trivial .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the mass of the earth is 5 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
but first check NNP to see if a public wiki already exists for your topic of interest .	9	11	VBZ	exists	exist
therefore only my mental states exist .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
the party meets up with her one last time , inside the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
other translations of NNP are available - but they are all word for word .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the maximum number of JJ events is 500 ( or 1 , 000 for NNP iii version ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
some bands play medieval metal ( NNP , in NNP , subway to sally , NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
during surgery , the position of the NN is further verified by means of a NNP NNP , with which one can hear the blood flowing through the vessel .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP rings or JJ loop hair extensions use small metal rings ( usually aluminium ) lined with NN with the extension hair attached .	1	7	VBP	use	uses
the ten NNS of the doctor , to date , appear in this episode through an JJ projection .	2	10	VBP	appear	appears
these texts contain the four NNP and the JJ commentary associated with them .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
at least 24 , 000 workers at two plants in vietnam go on strike over pay , NNS and lunar new year holidays .	5	11	VBP	go	goes
tracking numbers are numbers given to packages when they are shipped .	1	2	VBP	are	is
fair use in the ghost of NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
local community has meetings ( couple of times in one month ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the hub is a computer music band whose members are all designers and NNS of their own hardware and software instruments .	8	9	VBP	are	is
project space edits are a little low , but not too low to oppose .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the text i have seen is `` no questions appear on this page '' or `` there are no questions printed on this page '' .	8	9	VBP	appear	appears
the diary that he kept during his journey shows that he was engaged in very difficult and JJ negotiations .	1	8	VBZ	shows	show
instead , the JJ NN sits on top of the JJ pavilion crowned with NNS ; it is VBN on the interior wooden NN .	4	5	VBZ	sits	sit
when NNP does such things , he refers to them as `` compromise '' versions - anyone editing in this area , that his compromise versions usually involve the massive deletion of information he does n't like .	25	27	VBP	involve	involves
rows of JJ creatures fill the room in JJ NN NNS filled with a green liquid containing the beings in a deep sleep .	0	4	VBP	fill	fills
as a result , there is a massive trade in illegal NNS as women attempt to VB this restriction .	13	14	VBP	attempt	attempts
additionally the game features other NNS such as mechanical NNS , and command attacks .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
in addition to matching gift and charity NN programs , NNP insurance group employees are able to take advantage of a number of JJ volunteer opportunities in their communities throughout each year .	13	14	VBP	are	is
some conservatives seek to preserve things as they are , VBG stability and continuity , while others oppose NN and seek a return to the way things were .	1	2	VBP	seek	seeks
the likely source areas for NNP NNS are what is now france or spain .	3	7	VBP	are	is
when a vessel is a classic JJ form and decorated in relief in the style of a known JJ potter , but finished with black slip rather than a red one , it may be VBN as black NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as of 2012 the mayor is larry NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the model continues to undergo NN and development by the author .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
also , i feel that the infobox should absolutely show a picture of the NN rather than its skull -- the first thing a reader wants to know is what the JJ thing looked like !	22	28	VBZ	is	are
he eventually tries to VB NNP when his guardian attacks four female players ( episode 4 of .	8	9	VBZ	attacks	attack
the breeding season begins in the spring , which occurs around the month of september in the african regions where these snakes occur , as much of NN africa is in the southern hemisphere .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP ( NNP name JJ ( JJ ) NN NN , trade names NNP and NNP ) is a NN used to kill NNS ( an NN ) .	3	17	VBZ	is	are
its daughter church of st helen 's , built in JJ , serves as the church of a local NNP partnership between NNPS and NNPS .	2	12	VBZ	serves	serve
train to end stroke is an NN training and JJ program , VBG the american stroke association , a division of the american heart association , in which participants train to run or walk a full or half marathon .	28	29	VBP	train	trains
all considered , the JJ `` NN '' dance seems more RB JJ , partly due to the wrestler 's JJ NN and partly the style of the dance itself .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
seven members of the 1972 NNP championship team appear as NNS in a church scene .	1	8	VBP	appear	appears
although these attacks usually fail RB , they are designed to VB an impression of strength on the part of the NNS ( part of the psychological warfare campaign ) and to VB general chaos .	2	4	VBP	fail	fails
its architectural style is mainly NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
specifically , the area in which the earliest traces of human settlements have been reported is the NNP , a quarter located in the northern part of the city centre .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , the football club is NNP NNP ( national league NNP ) resident .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
weapons have 11 power levels , and a secret 12th level , which can only be reached by acquiring an additional 10 NNS after the 10th level NN ( the 20th ) .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the mine consists of a large , circular NN without a trace of a preceding corridor .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
goddess of democracy statue is the proper substitute for the NN infobox in place of tank man photo , it has a reasonable significance to the whole protest .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the entire route is in new NNP city .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP delta transit buses also connect with county connection bus service , NNP bus service , delta NNP bus service and NNP at shared bus stops .	3	5	VBP	connect	connects
hall of fame with `` n '' NNS are NNS hal NNP , kid NNP and phil NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the team logo is a JJ version of the flag of ohio , which is a NN ( i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first of the structure was constructed from limestone blocks , each block measures by .	12	13	VBZ	measures	measure
the parish is part of the NN of NNP and is divided into three district electoral divisions - NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a short NN section of the trail between NNP and NNP is narrow and runs between the sand NNS .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NNP NNP category also helps us avoid problems of VBG NNP clubs that belong to the NNP county of NNP but are n't located with county NNP - though as the vast majority of NNP NNP is in county NNP then the sport in county NNP etc .	4	6	VBZ	helps	help
there is no JJ dialogue between songs , all material is either sung or performed .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the ratio of educated health care professionals to population disease NN is already a reason for concern in the developing world .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
his journal is an important record for that campaign .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its fossil remains have been found in the u .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the NNP lots are a specific set of seven lots , each associated with one of the seven visible planets ( including the sun and moon ) , that were attributed to the JJ figure NNP NNP in the NNP tradition of NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
street scene ( play ) takes place on or in the immediate vicinity of the front NN of the apartment building where the play is set .	3	5	VBZ	takes	take
removal proceedings begin when a NN ( typically an alien ) is served with an administrative NNS called a `` notice to appear .	1	2	VBP	begin	begins
when he explains , she says that her NN is a notorious NN and she was being NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
far from JJ , at least one other user has voted to delete , so it shows a discussion is necessary .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the primary concern with NN is the unclear definition of `` merit '' .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
their manager is victoria NNP , who has success with september , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i wo n't delete the comments until an administrator looks at them .	8	9	VBZ	looks	look
being `` NN in the spirit '' or `` falling under the power '' is a form of NN in which a person falls backwards , as if NN , while being VBN over .	22	23	VBZ	falls	fall
this can only be performed once on a down , and can not be done if the ball crosses the line of NN .	17	18	VBZ	crosses	cross
the job of any NN who contributes to political and historical articles is to produce npov articles from pov sources .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
land NNS are common especially during the NN season .	1	2	VBP	are	is
neither tribunal found that the canadian charter of rights and NNP applies to the NNP or to the manner in which canadian athletes are drug tested .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the area comprises a string of JJ islands in a natural lake .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
comment - NNP makes several good points here .	0	3	VBZ	makes	make
the label has an NN of a NN and a family seal with NNP and what looks like a knights helmet above it .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i 'm just listing it here because i 'm not sure there 's anything else to do with it ( the article was tagged as a speedy , but `` original research '' is n't a valid criterion for speedy deletion ) .	31	33	VBZ	is	are
i assumed the op was VBG about stubs ; if things like every army from NNS game are JJ articles , then there is no problem whatsoever .	10	17	VBP	are	is
when only 8 seeds are left on a board , the player who moved first at the beginning of the game VBZ them and the game ends .	11	21	VBZ	captures	capture
let me be VBN ; the fact that NNP and i have gotten along in the past is the precise reason why he would likely be JJ to me about his name and location .	6	17	VBZ	is	are
NNS would seek to enter NNP to gain NN ( even though a NN in NNP remains JJ , due to it not being their final destination ) , so they VBP them from sailing west of sight of the JJS NN of NNP .	13	16	VBZ	remains	remain
the novel follows their the relationship through the NNP war , the surrender of athens , the establishment of the thirty NNP rule over athens , the democratic rebellion of NNP and shortly after .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the program seeks to expand upon connections between typically separate fields .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek
the above list is the episodes from the first series .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some cases were not so bad , when the article is longer and polish alternative appears not the only information about the town or when town really has the majority of poles .	25	27	VBZ	has	have
it opened on march 24 and is located on the second floor of NNP elementary school , and the library provides students with books , NNS , NNS , writing supplies , and more .	19	20	VBZ	provides	provide
literary tradition begins with old irish from about the 8th century .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the lack of significant coverage by reliable third parties is the big issue , with the use of primary sources and JJ wording of the article in second place .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
such lists allow for the inclusion of a brief plot summary .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
the JJ NNP people ( formerly known as NNP ) of northern alaska , canada and NNP follow or followed this custom .	3	17	VBP	follow	follows
the law primarily uses the notion of the consumer in relation to consumer protection laws , and the definition of consumer is often restricted to living persons ( i .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
slowly but surely , an intense JJ relationship develops between the two , as NNP is much more strict and VBD than the JJ NNP .	7	8	VBZ	develops	develop
this kind of behavior is an extremely disruptive attempt to game the system , and it seems to me it should be a JJ offense if you are caught doing it again .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the b route VBZ the NN option .	2	3	VBZ	favors	favor
the two buildings north of the parking lot and adjacent to lock 15 are some of the oldest structures in NNP .	2	13	VBP	are	is
JJ psychology attempts to understand how individuals of different cultures interact with each other ( NNP et al .	6	10	VBP	interact	interacts
the success most often VBN to in regard to the danish policy toward germany is the protection of the jewish minority in denmark .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
buildings include the JJ ranch house , NN , NN , NNS , NN , and NN shop .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these airports have class d NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the NN of NN is a possible NN for set theory in mathematics that VBZ that every set is JJ .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
tracks CD and 15 are bonus tracks .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ opening occurs between the first and second set of dorsal NNS on the right side of the body .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
on the plus side , regarding JJ notability , if the claims are true , some major folks have recorded songs written by him and has received some reviews .	11	12	VBP	are	is
members range from government , corporate , independent tax professionals , tax lawyers , NNS , NN representatives , and anyone in the general public interested in the understanding of NN and fiscal policy .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
if any NN cells are present these should be VBN if a clear honey is desired .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in the united kingdom and some other commonwealth countries , the term refers more frequently to those from south asia .	11	12	VBZ	refers	refer
according to wayne bruce , the rock the world cd NN remains in NN due to licensing problems with the now defunct usa branch of NNP .	10	11	VBZ	remains	remain
many sections and NNS have either no citations or only one .	1	4	VBP	have	has
agreed - this essay appears to cover it .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP says that NNP 's transformation for the better is an inspiration to her .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
if the information requires a reader to VB back and forth between the supporting article and the main article to understand either , it is likely a poor split , and a different division of information should be sought .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
both the illustrations and the stories themselves easily capture the attention of almost all children .	2	8	VBP	capture	captures
some classes include foods , fashion , independent living , interior design , family life , NNP relationships and child development .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS and NNS are not eligible .	0	3	VBP	are	is
chicago 's only NN ( looks like a concrete NN ) in the city limits is just south of foster avenue , in chicago 's river park , where the north branch drops four feet through a dam into the canal .	3	5	VBZ	looks	look
later , the mine becomes a full depth NN with JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	becomes	become
most residence halls are much closer to campus than comparable private housing such as apartment buildings .	2	3	VBP	are	is
these models facilitate NN and solutions to business problems .	1	2	VBP	facilitate	facilitates
the NN article already mentions that NN is a component of rna .	2	4	VBZ	mentions	mention
well the doctors have a lot of input during the design phase .	2	3	VBP	have	has
scheduled health insurance plans are an expanded form of hospital NNP plans .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the current requirements for the notability of individual songs are much lower than any other aspect of wikipedia , but RB that something meets the NN requirements is no reason to necessarily have an article if there is insufficient specific to say .	2	9	VBP	are	is
treaties between nations include framework conventions like the rio declaration on environment and development , signed at the 1992 united nations framework convention on climate change ( NNP ) .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
his only aim is to VB hungarian related articles .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the principle is RB similar to a civil wedding ceremony as an alternative to a religious wedding ceremony .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main road from NNP to the railway station hosts a number of shops for manufactured products and clothing on the two sides .	2	9	VBZ	hosts	host
the climate is mediterranean , with rainfall in autumn and spring , the NN winds are west and east .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these NNS depend on the energy of incident radiation and on the composition of the resist .	1	2	VBP	depend	depends
the postal code of the area is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
its vision of human NN is JJ in so far as it sees government and related social practices such as property monopoly , marriage and monarchy as VBG the progress of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the human survivors are JJ and as time goes on , the NNP called NNP becomes the sole survivor of her group , her mental processes and her form both VBG as time goes on .	2	3	VBP	are	is
SYM - tribe NNP the habitat consists of forests at NNS between 600 and 900 meters .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
other names for the NNS are turkish NN , NNP NN , NNP NN , NNP NN or NNP RB , NNS in asia minor or VB in india .	1	5	VBP	are	is
JJ partnership is the title of a conscious relationship which VBZ and VBZ JJ equity between young people and adults .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one 's own body is the last of many NNS and it will be shed , as well .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
bus 86 follows the small ring for one stop between the NNP and flanders gates .	0	2	VBZ	follows	follow
some things need more discussion than this .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
JJ temple is the smallest temple , having the smallest idol , also similar to that at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article 's company also provides several investment and financial services .	3	5	VBZ	provides	provide
NN compounds are hard acids and readily form NNS with bases such as NN , NNP and tertiary NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
lithuanian names follow the baltic distinction between male and female NNS of names , although the details are different .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows
in a JJ review , allmusic 's al campbell said that the album is `` joe walsh 's most JJ and JJ '' , and `` VBZ a NN song cycle along the same JJ lines of pet sounds , only for the NNS '' .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
interactive fiction usually relies on reading from a screen and on VBG input , although JJ NNS allow blind and RB JJ users to play interactive fiction titles as audio games .	16	17	VBP	allow	allows
the plan area of the NN in NNP is usually in the range of one to a few thousand square kilometres and the horizontal depth of the NN is usually less than CD .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
body , the NNP is the speech and the guru is the mind .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
to VB the law the NNS spread VBZ that it was a government plot to VB NNP .	5	6	VBP	spread	spreads
several people say these are so easy to apply they have finished a NN NN while riding on the bus on the way to work or in a car .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the player plays can only play through the levels they have completed in their saved games .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the campus also offers a library , student services centre , early childhood centre , NNP branch , NNP shop , health NN and VBG centre , university NN , and food outlets , including NNP .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the main star is zero , NNP 's rival from the previous games .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the versions using JJ instead of fish are more popular ; NN NN with NN and JJ NN is now a standard dish in thailand .	1	7	VBP	are	is
each flower is JJ , with a NN to purple hollow JJ body and a mouth surrounded by VBG white NNS which VBP RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ 7 extends the data NN layer so that a NN no longer needs to write NNP NNS as text strings .	10	13	VBZ	needs	need
he announces that the newly arrived ship is a gift for `` the hero of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in fact in NNP , the words you 're , your , NN and NN are all pronounced alike .	6	15	VBP	are	is
today , they are sometimes cited , though a secondary source is JJ ( if available ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
another theorem about NN NNS , that their JJ index NNS their maximum degree , is equivalent to the NN of the line NN of JJ NNS .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
vehicles driving in both directions have to watch that they do not VB .	0	5	VBP	have	has
a natural valley to the beach protected by rocky NNS provides an excellent natural access to the sea .	2	10	VBZ	provides	provide
the NN material is usually NNP or NNP , as they are lightweight , easy to machine , and provide reasonably good NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today , the main sources of the word NN are the NNP and the NNP .	4	9	VBP	are	is
the cooling towers of NNP power station dominate the NN to the west .	2	7	VBP	dominate	dominates
the program provides individual case managers to help individuals and families resolve the complicated problems and needs preventing full recovery .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
while the shape of the 7 character has an NN in most modern NNS , in NNS with text figures the character usually has a NN , as , for example , in .	21	23	VBZ	has	have
the problem here is that the NNP article , which is getting more than CD hits a day this week , is already overly lengthy , taking a long time to load .	7	21	VBZ	is	are
the australian dollar reaches its highest level against the united states dollar in 27 years .	2	3	VBZ	reaches	reach
death is a central theme to NNP , kenny , and to a lesser extent to oz .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
also determine from which side the curve approaches the NNS and where the NNS VBP the curve .	4	7	VBZ	approaches	approach
other significant points in my JJ include my first fa in october 2008 , becoming an administrator in september 2009 , and getting involved with the wikipedia NNP initiative in august 2010 .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
you are advancing an argument here that we can not use this image without individual permission from the copyright holder because `` when the person featured in the photo is a NN , there are regulations that limit its use .	24	29	VBZ	is	are
their main color is purple instead of red , based on the main color of the club .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
modern hindu law relies on the interpretation of judges and their ability to VB JJ factors within each legal situation .	2	3	VBZ	relies	rely
i think the new england town meeting is the closest thing outside wikipedia to a working NN , so maybe the norman NNP can be in regards to NN , and NNP idea can be used for democracy , since the NNPS did VB the idea .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the route is JJ with u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
exposure to whites makes whites like blacks less .	0	3	VBZ	makes	make
this thread is yet another case of it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is about a community organization , which takes donations and promotes community forum .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP of NNPS and NNPS VBZ that NN NNS not VBP 7 to 10 days , owing to concerns of addiction , drug tolerance , and physical NN .	9	11	VBP	exceed	exceeds
comments in NNP use the NN character .	0	3	VBP	use	uses
by japanese standards the circuit is RB flat , with only a slight elevation rise towards the NN turn .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the north fork valley is narrow and steep , and a NN from the mouth limits passage of JJ fish .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think that the location of an event is a very fundamental part of memory , and those who have practiced NNS often describe VBG themselves VBG memories in a house , garden , etc .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the pc version 's NN mode is only available via local area network play , as the game is a straight port of the console version with no extra code for internet NN .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
stubs intended to continue both directions of the parkway past NNP are present at the merge with NNP boulevard .	0	11	VBP	are	is
the only exception is the noun NN which VBZ NN ( NN ) NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN JJ NN is JJ in the JJ form as a NN with JJ brown with dark brown head and NN , and a JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the local news reports that stephen NNP has discovered a new black hole at the edge of the solar system , but the griffin family pays no attention to the announcement .	24	25	VBZ	pays	pay
a running joke involving her is the fact that since she has a large NN , there are not a lot of NNS that can fit thus the top tends to break .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
his federal bureau of NNP VBP number is JJ , and he will VB in a room with twelve others .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the only daughter of a NN who owned a shipyard near lake ontario , caroline enjoys outdoor activities like sailing and NN , and dreams of one day having her own ship like her father .	2	15	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
NNP varieties include traditional , NNP , strips , NNP , NNP NNP and red pepper NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
her film credits include NNP and class warfare .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
statistics indicate that the type 2 diabetes NN rate in first nations people is 3 to 5 times higher than the general canadian population .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
afd and other parts of wikipedia where the focus of discussions is JJ .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN greater NN appear in second edition in the NNP NNP volume outer planes NNP ( 1991 ) under the `` NN '' heading , the NN ( NN ) appears under the `` devil '' heading in the third edition monster manual ii ( 2002 ) .	12	31	VBZ	appears	appear
internal community platforms provide an environment for corporate employees to create a virtual forum to share their opinions , knowledge and JJ expertise on topics of interest .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
several JJ events take place every year .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
RB , given a problem , the NNP jump returns the set of NNP machines which halt when given access to an NN that VBZ that problem .	8	9	VBZ	returns	return
a section of NNP national park known as the NNP VBZ forests found in the north of the suburb .	1	10	VBZ	protects	protect
the model for the artwork is NNP NNP ( now NNP ) , who would later become max NNP 's adopted NN and NN of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
together the schools serve roughly 5 , CD students .	2	3	VBP	serve	serves
NNP position , where all fuel flow is NN to the JJ side of the fuel chamber , thereby closing the NN valve , stopping the engine .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
energy can be recovered by burning the NNS in controlled NNS , because each NN contains the energy of 9 .	14	15	VBZ	contains	contain
at this point , NNP and the JJ effect their plan - in the daily planet office clark kent finds himself suddenly wanting to go rabbit hunting while bugs is confused by the sight of NNP wearing superman 's costume and VBG JJ NNS .	8	19	VBZ	finds	find
i think we should leave the psychology desk there for one month , to see whether people start to use it .	16	17	VBP	start	starts
the NN ratio at NNP is approximately 5 to 1 , which allows teachers to measure the skills that each student possesses , and to understand which skills they need to improve upon in order to VB their work .	20	21	VBZ	possesses	possess
few men possess sufficient NN and NN length to safely perform the necessary NN .	1	2	VBP	possess	possesses
the team plays its home games at cameron indoor stadium in durham , north carolina as members of the atlantic coast conference .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
images are not my strong suit on wikipedia .	0	1	VBP	are	is
and the map should be clear , because many maps are there , but they are too JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
NN collapse is a generic term used by NN and brass players to describe a variety of conditions which result in the inability of the NN to function .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
we all know what a rational NN is .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if this is the case then you need to return to the first step - the whole scenario planning process is above all an JJ one ( returning to its NNS a number of times until the final outcome makes the best sense ) .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
no , keep it by default because the basis for deletion is invalid .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's strong and JJ strategies push NNP academy to the NN of the football frontier , as they win year after year and leave a wake of destruction in their path , VBG apart any school that loses to a match with them .	5	6	VBP	push	pushes
the length of the track is one NN - 600 steps , or RB m .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP broadcasts reach 11 regions and 35 provinces .	1	2	VBP	reach	reaches
professor NNP then gave a specific example of how time is utilized to VB the matching or mediation .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
each section in the NNP now directly corresponds to a section of the NNP .	1	7	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
the program indicates on the students that the fusion of art and technology are essential components in bringing creative ideas into reality .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
built to accommodate CD students , the JJ , two story facility has for student use .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
its natural habitats are JJ forests , NN , JJ NN , rivers , JJ rivers , freshwater NNS , and freshwater springs .	2	3	VBP	are	is
arrow of god [ 10 ] this author of arrow of god , who was a harsh critic of racism in heart of darkness , is more famous for writing about the NNP NNP and NNP in his things fall apart .	0	25	VBZ	is	are
the NN certificate is valid and the aircraft may be operated as long as it is maintained in accordance with the rules issued by the regulatory authority .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think a few facts need to be added into the mix here .	4	5	VBP	need	needs
the researchers concluded that women seek to regain a sense of belonging whereas men are more interested in VBG NN .	13	14	VBP	are	is
recorded breeding NN and NN species are little NNP , JJ NNP ( over half a million pairs ) and NNP NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
not all sections need to have images .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
a secondary purpose is to create a data source for the compilation of vital statistics .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
moreover , edit summaries are an important part of wikipedia .	3	4	VBP	are	is
currently in the see also for NNP we provide short summaries of what each link covers , which i think is good .	14	15	VBZ	covers	cover
this list contains notable fictional law firms , being those that exist only as an integral part of a notable work of fiction .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
these characters are minor , and the article does falls under a fan .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP theorem is a statement about NN of certain continued NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS put this NN and NN which is VBN in the NN on the NN of younger relatives to VB them with abundance in the upcoming years .	0	1	VBP	put	puts
the lead is JJ better now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
first reference is a wikipedia article , which obviously does n't fly .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
made of gold , its design consists of four crosses VBP and four NNS , with two arches on top .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the list of american corporations that own and operate nursing homes , and the breakdown of types of facilities , is material that may exist elsewhere on wikipedia .	1	20	VBZ	is	are
this file contains additional information , probably added from the digital camera or NN used to create or VB it .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the present hindi version of the book uses this photograph .	3	7	VBZ	uses	use
the conference includes several international speakers from various sectors within the computer graphics field who present their work to the NNS as well as master classes and theory lessons taught by experts .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the certain trade associations such as NNP and NNP have mandatory policies where member companies must submit all accident , incident and near miss occurrence in order to evaluate and compare the information from an entire industry .	3	9	VBP	have	has
studies designed to test the JJ potential of environmental agents use animal model systems ( e .	0	10	VBP	use	uses
the first reference supports he shot a man to death in 1859 but the charges were dropped and it only mentions him that one time .	2	3	VBZ	supports	support
the word derives from the old french NN ( the NN of NN ) , literally meaning `` a small enclosed space '' .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
the book includes pen portraits of leading figures that featured prominently in NNP 's life .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the traditional tribal boundary of NNP NNP extends from NNP in the north to te NNP ( a rock that used to sit in the mouth of NNP harbour ) in the south .	3	7	VBZ	extends	extend
when the topics are not of a nature that involve national political NN on the part of a popular national public figure , or are not of general concern , i .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this JJ murder mystery VBZ the role of religion in life and government .	3	4	VBZ	explores	explore
the image quality is rather poor , but it 's a rather dramatic example of the attempts by railways in the 1930s to promote NNS as high-speed travel .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
lock the know your enemy redirect if there is potential for JJ reverts to an article about a non-notable band .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the following NN is an implementation of an open addressing NN table with linear NN and NN NN , a common approach that is effective if the NN function is good .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
this is the same gene involved in establishing NN with the nitrogen fixing , JJ bacteria ( NNP et al .	15	18	VBP	et	et
according to traditional catholic theology , the penalty of NN is a NN by which one is excluded from the NN of the faithful .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the CD thread lets a NNP four NNP user share NNS between it , the NNP CD , NNP NNP CD , NNP NNP CD , NNP CD , NNP CD and NNP CD NNP NNS .	2	3	VBZ	lets	let
the information for this says `` and the low resolution and quality of the clip reduces the risk of NNS .	1	4	VBZ	says	say
if an editor places a tag without explanation or without engaging with other editors in a cooperative manner , then the tag should be able to be removed using the same explanation that was used to place it - none .	2	3	VBZ	places	place
special situation is in the case of NNPS and NNPS , who are frequently allocated within the group of NNP when it comes to the statistical data .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
japan into the eight regions , weather reports usually give the weather by region , and many businesses and institutions use their home region as part of their name ( NNP NNP railway , NNP bank , NNP university , etc .	7	9	VBP	give	gives
the hill rises above the west side of marsh glacier and is connected to the NNP NNP by a col lower than the height of the hill .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
the heavily NNP influenced economic history that VBZ europe has little relevance to most of canadian history .	5	9	VBZ	has	have
to avoid JJ NNS between the particles , he supposed that their diameter is very small relative to their mutual distance .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
visitors are , however , VBN by the pope for special NNS and not at stated intervals .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the structure of parties was modified in april 2007 , so the following roster is different than it was in 2004 .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
all physical interactions are , at bottom , quantum interactions , and must ultimately be governed by the same rules .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a detailed peer review is very JJ at this stage ; the article is barely started , beyond the plot summary .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the district borders the city and county of bristol , the bath and north east somerset JJ district and the shire counties of NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	borders	border
thanks , now that i look at the code , the problem is with the redirect on sergeant major of the marine corps , not with this template .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
as far as business goes , he founded a company ( for which there is only one source to indicate ) , and that does n't make him notable as an individual either .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
when the visitor moves the visible portions of NNP change , changing the perspective .	2	3	VBZ	moves	move
the current plan is to launch the first JJ habitat ( called NNP ) in 2014 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is circuit switched , which means that every switch on the network VBZ more or less like a NNP NN .	9	13	VBZ	behaves	behave
he said that `` the evidence is not JJ because of the methods used to obtain it and the fact that it has not been independently VBN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
but in NNP de NNP ' , these two men turn unanimous at one point in stating that NNP NNP has had no contribution on the change in JJ from the days of NNP .	9	10	VBP	turn	turns
a monument to NNP NNP is in NNP NNP town in NNP district .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
prior to scientific equipment being VBN to record NNS , newspaper reports appear to be the main source of historical information .	11	12	VBP	appear	appears
the NNP test seeks to identify the smallest relevant market within which a JJ NN or NN could VB a JJ significant increase in price .	2	3	VBZ	seeks	seek
according to rabbi NNP NNP , rabbi of the western wall and author of NNP NNP , a book of laws regarding the western wall , burning is a `` pure '' way to deal with the notes , but VBG them is more JJ .	12	27	VBZ	is	are
the 2010 census estimate places the population at 7 , CD .	3	4	VBZ	places	place
the appearance of additional JJ names in NNP inscriptions from later stages of the iron age is an additional indication of the JJ origins of this group .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
his publications include ( as editor in chief ) handbook of laser technology and applications ( 2003 ) as well as various papers on NNS and laser mechanisms in academic journals and specialized books .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the building has a nickname of `` la tour NNP '' , which is actually the name of the private luxury units on the top floors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the committee learned that the state has had a history of NN problems with it applications , including the state 's human services website and the state 's main website , mass .	22	23	VBP	website	websites
croatian composers for the NN include NNP NNP NNP , NNP leopold and NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the length of the NNS is JJ mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
four players play in NNS , with partners sitting opposite each other .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
the area , a few blocks north of NNP terminal , is now mostly part of the hudson river , without NNS ; a NN bicycle path lines it .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
blogs and personal websites are not reliable sources , unless written by the subject of the article or by an expert on the subject .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNP ) ( whose subsidiary companies include NNP NNP productions and first family entertainment ) , and chairman of NNP dance company .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
if your family owns the place , then some improvement is possible .	2	3	VBZ	owns	own
the sole remaining major train crossing NNP pass today is the daily NNP `` southwest chief '' , in both directions , between los angeles and chicago .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the clubs host special events such as NNP promise week ( NNP ) and operation christmas child ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	host	hosts
the NN NN opens RB between the shaft and the base .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
the procedure for replacing an NN NNP drive is RB JJ and takes well over an hour or two just to do the hardware NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
although a number of companies have aimed to achieve NN of marketing material to the point where it is VBN to a single individual , in many cases this remains a JJ dialogue which is the NN of what the authors propose as the ideal .	40	41	VBP	propose	proposes
when she learns that her friends are not happy because of her work with the NNP , she realizes that peter is her JJ friend .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in probability theory and statistics , the JJ beta distribution is a continuous probability distribution that is a NN of the ( central ) beta distribution .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
your NN looks ok to me .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
if the JJ NN VBZ to stand at point , he is required to inform both the NNS , the captain of the NN team , and his colleague .	3	4	VBZ	elects	elect
well , many people are tired of mainstream .	3	4	VBP	are	is
however , the situation seems to have been resolved well enough .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
winters are usually wet , with JJ NNS and NNS , and summers are warm and JJ .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the game takes place on a map of the north atlantic ocean on which letters from the english alphabet represent military units and facilities ( NNS and ports ) .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
however , before the day is over , jane is missing , and she does not return .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ design increases heat transfer owing to a larger contact area .	2	3	VBZ	increases	increase
the company has since became an independent group and traveled throughout the southwest united states including new mexico , arizona , utah and california .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the amount of VBG taking place between members of a troop is a JJ NN of alliance formation or troop NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
timeline of the 1994 atlantic hurricane NN is a collaborative effort between myself and , so consider this a NN .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
presently , every season more than 70 , 000 visitors come to the park from india and other countries .	9	10	VBP	come	comes
alternatively , some NNS from the peninsula and NNP area also sometimes use richmond international airport , located west of NNP and east of richmond in NNP county , virginia .	3	12	VBP	use	uses
the court noted that making future NNS to a traditional NN award is generally only justified when the anticipated event is certain , such as NNS in child support increasing NN by a similar sum .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
freedom is not to be sold for all the NNS in the world .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the article is not a true pov fork because it VBZ a more specific subject ( the various groups and their claims on cherokee heritage ) rather than simply representing a different view of the same subject ( cherokee ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in NNP the focus is on the seasonal NNS , and spells and NN ; in ceremonial NN it is more on angels and demons and NNS and NNP VBD me to the NNP , with an NN twist , '' NNP observed .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
both locomotives are still in JJ operation ( in 1984 ) and have given RB little trouble .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the term NNP is macedonian rendering of the english work knockout .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the bottom of the NN shows four NNS which act as NNS which VBP if left JJ or are VBN ' by your sub .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
our article has only one line about this topic .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this category is for current and former faculty of NNP university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the department draws support from its JJ and JJ faculty and staff .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
in the market for sculpture , VBN by NNS , the value of a piece increases significantly when its NN can be established .	11	15	VBZ	increases	increase
because each hebrew letter also has a JJ value , VBG an JJ may give an additional layer of meaning to these works .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
the old lava flows have little water content or movement in comparison and are therefore stable .	3	4	VBP	have	has
this is the same product , renamed after an acquisition , and the previous product name redirects to this article .	15	16	VBZ	redirects	redirect
however , the loud call note of both NNS is different .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the novel is more explicitly humorous and slightly more realistic ( except in the last chapter ) than most of NNP 's works , but it shares the same NN of an JJ and JJ system putting the protagonist repeatedly in bizarre situations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mos of the JJ text suggest the school is not notable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i created it because the actual `` neutral point of view '' page now has an JJ lot of commentary on it and it is getting difficult to get much guidance .	12	14	VBZ	has	have
casting directors make NN , but i do n't know exactly how much .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
if the water in the unit 4 spent fuel pool had been heated to VBG temperature , the decay heat has the capacity to VB off about 70 NNS of water per day ( 12 NNS per minute ) , which puts the requirement for cooling water in context .	19	20	VBZ	has	have
NNP states that an auxiliary routes section is optional , i believe that is would be beneficial here .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
it was released by platinum entertainment , licensed by the who 's charity , double o promotions limited and all artist NNS benefit the roman catholic JJ institution NNP academy , `` a leader in the treatment of physically , sexually , and emotional JJ children .	21	22	VBP	benefit	benefits
the ex pupils of these schools are largely the pupils of NNP morgan NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
today , the castle is in the care of historic scotland and is a popular tourist attraction .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the stadium 's capacity is around 3 , 500 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these sources are RB unreliable for mental health topics .	1	2	VBP	are	is
on the january 30 , 2013 episode , as part of an `` audience suggestion box '' segment , jimmy had the NNS VBP the winner of [ [ super bowl NNP ] ] .	22	23	VBP	predict	predicts
tuesday night 's arrival at the mark NNP theatre lacks solid , JJ appeal , so the international NN of miss NNP as a movie star with a tremendous sex image and a JJ acting style is really on the line .	3	9	VBZ	lacks	lack
NNP is applicable here , because the extra links this template offers to articles are very limited .	8	14	VBP	are	is
the other dynamic behavior called NN is the net growth of the NN at one end and the net NN at the other end .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
to gain access to the metals , the workers burn old NN on top of the electronics in order to VB the plastic or they VBP the waste with their bare hands and stones .	8	9	VBP	burn	burns
the main engine of a JJ NN intervention is the NN head .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the building with the tower remains in the middle at the same location , although it is now an office building and retail store front operated by douglas development corp .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain
his story spans the globe and VBZ levels of exploitation running from NNP schemes to VB NN .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
the who 's 2008 statistics show very similar trends .	4	5	VBP	show	shows
whenever the player runs out of units to aid him in battle , he can use his special weapon to `` VB '' the enemies and add them to his army .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
this page is no longer JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the words to the song are from an anonymous source .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP society is somewhat different in the NNS than that in which NNP lives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their NN food source is JJ though those in NNS will take typical JJ foods and some JJ NNS as a treat .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
upon learning that snow white is alive again , the queen flies into a terrible rage and begins VBG all her mirrors .	10	11	VBZ	flies	fly
the point of the hoax was to `` highlight how journalists are happy to believe something is true without necessarily checking the facts '' .	10	11	VBP	are	is
now if the actual output y is VBN on the JJ against the error e on the NN , the result is a NN .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the two characters go from VBG to VBG each other by the end of the series , and eventually become a couple .	2	3	VBP	go	goes
here the sea forms a long arm that travels to the east before turning south to become the NNP sea .	2	3	VBZ	forms	form
if the leader is relatively stable , phase 1 becomes unnecessary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the death toll from the NN rises to at least CD .	2	6	VBZ	rises	rise
the promotional part seems to have been addressed by NNP .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
d ) than you will if you make an NN out of yourself trying to change his opinion ( not saying that anyone has made an NN out of themselves , but the possibility is present ) .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
JJ websites in the world - the NNP ranking is now around 4 , 000 and rising .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
our job is to build an encyclopedia , not fight for some broad conception of internet rights .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its current NNS are NNP NNP , NNP 's , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
japanese forces attack chinese forces at shanghai in what is known as the first shanghai incident .	1	2	VBP	attack	attacks
while such lists are okay for very casual JJ list creation , the software does not handle JJ definitions RB or permit blank lines between items .	2	3	VBP	are	is
mount NNP is home to a somewhat RB diverse population as the school 's number of minorities VBZ washington state NNS .	14	17	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
four members represent individual wards and three are elected at large .	1	2	VBP	represent	represents
delete - a simple search shows no notability .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
after frank is called to a local school where a NN has been reported and a police officer is found killed , the infant makes it way to the davis home where NNP accepts the child as her son and VBZ him in the basement .	23	24	VBZ	makes	make
rules VBP their power to VB from historical consensus .	0	1	VBP	derive	derives
these days most people know VBG as the arch villain of virginia NNP 's feminist NN a room of one 's own .	3	4	VBP	know	knows
you are going to hate me for saying this , but the mentions of the NNP tragedy , the NNP and mount st NNP are JJ here .	12	24	VBP	are	is
NN VBZ that the worthy NNS are JJ and that no man can object to this .	5	6	VBP	are	is
because of the JJ NNS , removal of the JJ species might be best achieved in the juvenile stage or immediately after VBG , when JJ care is at its highest .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
bio , the article is full of unreliable sources such as youtube and photo site links .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP government sends independence day NNS to NNP which gained independence from the united kingdom in 1964 .	2	3	VBZ	sends	send
perhaps that editor thinks that the uk is like the west bank , but with arab settlements .	2	3	VBZ	thinks	think
however , the length distinction is often in terms of NN rather than length , particularly in rapid speech .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the village is famous for its church built on the site of an iron age NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the next scene he is seen throwing the NN down a NN into a river , as a message , then the camera blacks out , NNP fate is unknown .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
since 2004 , all NNS are variants of NNP and submitted as source code licensed under NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the symptoms of NN are a clear indication that this is the case .	1	4	VBP	are	is
this JJ creator god accompanied by supernatural musicians is a clear prototype for NNP , price argues .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP script family contains a large number of specially treated JJ combinations , or VB , but few of these are used in slavic languages .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
administrators note that NN should only be considered if it is the only option left available to solve the problem of vandalism of the page .	0	1	VBP	note	notes
the qualification stage saw 20 eligible member associations compete in NNS .	7	8	VBP	compete	competes
just as the novel is an illustration of the changes NNP faces , it is also an exploration of the NNS scout must face as an JJ girl on the NN of NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
my name is `` NN ) or permanent .	1	2	VBZ	Is	Are
the process is JJ ( or in steady state ) as long as the volume of liquid is constant as a function of time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most members of this genus have either a single NN , or a compact root system united in a single root head , and are thus JJ for division .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the school offers 7th and 8th grade spanish , french , german and latin .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
most industrial NNS have the ability to pulse or cut NNP ( continuous wave ) under NNP ( numerical control ) program control .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the xbox 360 controller has the same basic familiar button layout as the controller s except that a few of the auxiliary buttons have been moved .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
i believe this report is inappropriate .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this surname is a NN of the middle english name `` NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the domain NN is compact , the notion of a smooth NN is equivalent to that of an JJ NN .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
the album 's title track contains a reference to johnny cash 's `` i walk the line '' .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
my guess is that he `` retains '' or maybe `` accepts the student back '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my contribution to physics is not that significant as to make my name NN in the context of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
away from the stage , spencer was often quiet and withdrawn , and other band members recall him often reading the bible in his hotel room , strongly at odds with his JJ NN .	15	16	VBP	recall	recalls
part of it is that i want to give people a list of classic quotes from songs , and get people to try and guess which ones are by dylan and which are n't .	26	27	VBP	are	is
the highest level of theory is a JJ configuration interaction NN with single and double NNS and a NNS NN contribution ( NNP ( t ) ) with the JJ ( d ) basis set .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
speedy delete - the material for this article is from a very biased and JJ JJ site .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
so NNP , the NNP effort has RB more chance of success than the NNP NNS do !	5	6	VBZ	has	have
recent years have seen the arrival of community groups such as save our NNP ( NNP ) , dedicated to improving relationships between old and new residents and ensuring that the concerns of the NNP working class remain at the NN of the city 's political concerns .	31	37	VBP	remain	remains
first , precedent is clearly in favor of keeping settlements , past or present , even when the sourcing is thin and where a subject with a similar amount of sourcing might be deleted as non-notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ system of NNP species is always JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
some designers VBP in animals or JJ subjects , others use specific and JJ NN techniques , while others VBP JJ NNS for today 's NN NNS or employ various tools to achieve their chosen subject matter within their designs .	1	2	VBP	specialize	specializes
founded in 2008 , the league consists of a single team which competes against teams from other leagues .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the other five seas are partially indonesian .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the city has six engines , two towers and one water rescue unit .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the album includes some of the most JJ vocal work on a joy electric album to date .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
joseph studios include local versions of NNP 's flagship program praise the lord and joy in our town , a public affairs program format produced by NNP partner stations on a local basis .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when the ship catches fire , the sailors escape safely , but max is left behind .	7	8	VBP	escape	escapes
baby talk is similar to what is used by people when talking to their NNS ( JJ speech ) , and between adults as a form of NN , NN , VBG or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other nearby locations mentioned in the book are lake NNP , the rock river , and the NNP dam .	2	7	VBP	are	is
however , researchers note that in some cases of JJ child sexual abuse , the victims sometimes make a series of partial NNS and NNS as they struggle with their own NN and the NN of NNS or family members .	2	3	VBP	note	notes
the temple has JJ lot of improvement in the past 3 decades .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
that 's the way life presents itself to her - in NNS and sudden NNS .	4	5	VBZ	presents	present
i am not the only one who has noted this type of behavior - the editor 's talk page is full of such concerns from other editors he has apparently been VBG - see this and this .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
effectively , JJ NNS argue , this means that the labour of workers in wealthy countries is VBN higher than the labour of workers in NN countries .	3	4	VBP	argue	argues
the NNS show his colleague , NNP NNP , telling adam to get into the alpha i without letting the aliens gain access to it .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
eventually , when jack gets help , a doctor in the movie says , `` if a parent allows the abuse of a child by another one this state , the parent can be charged with child abuse .	17	18	VBZ	allows	allow
when he found the JJ army occupying the pass between mount NNP and mount NNP , he had the men ride through mount NNP and , when the NNPS VBD , they found alexander at their rear .	19	20	VBP	ride	rides
one legend about the origin of the NN NN is that a shepherd named NNP the NNP received the gift of a flying horse ; he would mount it at night and fly to meet his beloved .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the absence of capital and JJ punishment rather reflects the norse way of thought .	6	8	VBZ	reflects	reflect
another unique characteristic in the NNP music is the introduction of yet another NN at the middle of a musical performance .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
her research papers and photographs are in the archives of american art , washington , dc .	2	5	VBP	are	is
in english law , a costs lawyer is a legal professional concerned with legal costs who has attained rights of audience and rights to conduct costs NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
only two pages link to the redirect , solely due to deletion warning tags .	2	3	VBP	link	links
the fact that no one has VBN to add references to them since they were posted two years ago is also not surprising , considering the volume of pages on the english wikipedia .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
even though these models feature all the characteristics of early NNP , they lack of any visible serial number and do not have the VBN in usa ' written on the back of the head .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
the castle ' s three NN halls with facilities for up to 200 people offer venues for business meetings , NN NNS and cultural events .	6	14	VBP	offer	offers
the defining characteristic of both is that they involve a separate striking head attached to a handle by a flexible rope , NN , or chain .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are even less so .	1	2	VBP	are	is
large NNS are most commonly launched by a NN or by a NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his picture appears on the fbi board after junior 's dinner in 1999 and is possibly one of those who were VBN at the end of season one .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
in general , a very good effort at a top level summary article , which is difficult to do since its main job is to VB and redirect for more information .	6	23	VBZ	is	are
the key point here is that the NN NNS be done at the same time and not as a staged procedure .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
some scholars believe , NNP 's understanding of buddhist philosophy was far greater than that of any other JJ philosopher of his time .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
NN NNS are a common tool for VBG the behavior of JJ systems , of which the NNP NN is one .	1	2	VBP	are	is
moreover , NNP RB VBZ that the other bands are notable on the one hand by VBG them here .	8	9	VBP	are	is
after VBG by the hispanic community , the case is currently under review by the department of defense so that NNP 's navy cross medal be upgraded to the original recommendation , the medal of honor .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP chapter house is currently on the national register of historic places at the university of illinois .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other names for the character include NNP , NNP , NNP , private NNP , NNP , the NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
JJ ideals are in a sense easier to look for than NNS of modules .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the probability of finding an earth analog depends mostly on the attributes that are expected to be similar , and these vary greatly .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
moreover , even plans that reduce the number of JJ today may find that those gains will VB in a few years if costs continue to grow much faster than gross domestic product .	23	24	VBP	continue	continues
the ending shows both NNS leaving the police station , where a lot of journalist and reporters waiting for them .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the film has the crew VBG about getting VBD into `` the NNP NN , '' with a book shown that RB VBZ the NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
adults are on wing from march to late july and again in late september ( with peaks in march and may ) in hong kong .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the real problem is when they violate our other policies ( copyvio , npov , etc ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town was on the route from the twin cities to NNP city at the time , so the reports are RB JJ if not VBN .	19	20	VBP	are	is
on the latter , note that JJ NNS are not permanent , and the current VBN version is almost certainly not the version being referenced .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia guidelines and policies are much more important than VBG the article or VBG a banned user NN they strike .	1	4	VBP	are	is
innovation in post NNP award is in recognition of notable individuals or groups who 's creative or technical innovation may not fit into another category or meet their NN requirements .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the highway continues RB into the hamlet of wellington corner , before heading towards NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
some NNS are concerned that this phenomenon means that canada 's manufacturing base may be too JJ on outside expertise and resources , and that it may lead to RB less research and development spending in canada .	6	7	VBZ	means	mean
on a square sail , however , this part is an edge rather than a corner .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the problem with fixed focus NNS is that the beam NN is fixed , which means that as the laser is fired and the range increases , the beam diameter continually increases as well .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
and feeling , without which there is no poetry , has no need of NN .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
NNP lake on vancouver island has a sometimes dangerous JJ bore at NNP NNP where the lake meets the pacific ocean .	16	17	VBZ	meets	meet
group companies such as NNP science , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP are leaders in NN and vital signs NNS , emergency NN care equipment , JJ treatments and VBG technologies .	1	17	VBP	are	is
the present is the time that is associated with the events perceived directly , ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are JJ and used to make NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
at that time , the time NN kills his grandfather , and therefore , the time NN is never born when he was meant to be .	6	7	VBZ	kills	kill
a NN knife is a type of kitchen knife with a sharp point and narrow blade .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
would like to use wiki NN because my cost per hour online is high .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
communication is a theme that runs through much of nicolas NNP 's work , and figures heavily in do n't look now .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
and yet , i will VB that a voting system that has gained wide support among smart people is the NNP method .	9	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP an other way to close this discussion is to really expand the article ) .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the rural road l CD goes from NNP to NNP in the direction of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	goes	go
as the person is no longer an admin , any further action along this line has no JJ effect .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
opponents argue that excluding NNS women from women 's spaces VBZ them their right to NN .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
fair use in it is time for a love NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
with fields still at the NN , the president of the national NNP company , NNP ( george irving ) , arrives at the course .	8	21	VBZ	arrives	arrive
RB this NN , the story of target earth begins with a war between earth ( and its colonies ) against a JJ army returning from the JJS reaches of space .	5	9	VBZ	begins	begin
tickets are available , up to JJ times , from the ticket office which is located at the front of the stadium , just down the exit NNS from the NNP station .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the historical roots of the common law of scotland are the JJ laws of the different cultures which inhabited the region , which were mixed together with JJ concepts by the scottish kings to form a distinct common law .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the problem is nobody else is contributing , so it 's just the two of us .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
there are multiple NNS that are used to VB what each light means .	11	12	VBZ	means	mean
the ca website is an extensive source of information on the band 's output , both released and unreleased , with a number of tracks available for download .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the philosophy NNP is more notable than the person , but the person is still notable .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the architecture of four NNP ( 1971 ) , mentions the hall of records in passing , in the NN of a broader NN of downtown los angeles as `` where the action can not possibly be '' ( CD ) .	1	9	VBZ	mentions	mention
once he VBZ it , the other keys begin to RB pursue him and cut him as they VBP past him on his NN .	7	8	VBP	begin	begins
thus we find NNP and NNP in the spirit world of NNP , where rivers and trees move daily , and even the most solid mountains can lift themselves off the earth .	14	17	VBP	move	moves
the top row contains the statues of st .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
an JJ drummer boy who VBZ humanity finds his life changed forever when he meets three wise men en route to NNP .	17	18	VBP	en	en
i 've noticed other cases in the past where a user has created a redirect from a more correct or equally JJ title , and this ( again , worse than useless ) bot comes along to add JJ edits preventing the page from being moved to that title .	33	34	VBZ	comes	come
the badge consists of the NNP logo and is either red , green or blue , depending on the year attended .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
but the transition between those two NNS is very RB , and that happens to be what i saw when i first went to the page .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
many people consider ken NNP the most important NNP teacher .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
the areas around the NNP pan also have other JJ vegetation including NNS such as NNP NN and NNP NN and NNS such as NNP NN .	1	7	VBP	have	has
there has been a lot of NN about the origin of the NN , but NN to say that the 17th century outline shape is more JJ to the profile of a church NN , which is low and broad .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the temple here is well known for the NN of NNS .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
while since the 19th century the judicial review that the constitutional council brings to bear on the acts of the executive branch has played an increasingly large role , the politicians that VBD the successive french institutions have long been reluctant to have the JJ review legislation .	7	12	VBZ	brings	bring
i am just NN that this is not one of the tv shows where dozens of JJ episode articles need to be merged into a list .	14	19	VBP	need	needs
in addition , the final setting of milton 's text uses the same melody as the first song for soprano , although VBN differently .	5	10	VBZ	uses	use
the cult of NNP is popular in india , singapore and malaysia , with many temples dedicated to him .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the patron of the college is saint john NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while crew members often refer to their `` sisters , '' there is no mention of NNS , NNS , or families .	2	4	VBP	refer	refers
the words survive in the NN that was VBN with the lord chamberlain for licensing .	1	2	VBP	survive	survives
this article seems to be trying to make a point that might be valid , but the wording is unclear , JJ , and abstract , and the article introduces what appears to be an JJ theorem .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP na NNP produced NN in NNP , but the plant has long since closed and is now the site of NNP nature reserve .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
this is a kind of NN , though his name comes not from `` NN '' but from the word `` NN '' ( JJ cat .	9	10	VBZ	comes	come
the video begins with NNP and other kids come into school where several people VBD the NNS and others walk into the classroom .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the images are NNP images of various sizes ( up to CD x CD ) located in .	1	2	VBP	are	is
switch seems to be a wikipedia template , added recently .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
the video shows harris driving around in a monster truck and girls dancing in front of a wall while harris sings the song while in the truck .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
i have completed my duty ; the enemy is on the run .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the total NN count therefore is 30 , CD .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
this facility includes a brewery and NN plant in addition to a restaurant , beer garden and produce garden .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the entrance of the bank of greece features the greek and the european union flags .	1	7	VBZ	features	feature
the game begins with a quest to assist the NNS in their war against the NN , who have formed an alliance with NNS ( which is strange to the citizens of NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
web search shows a few uses with various VBG ad JJ definitions .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
numbers stations are broadcasts on VBP radio that are VBN into groups of numbers .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the likely cause of death is a heart attack .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the nearest city of comparable size or greater is sydney , australia , away .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the JJ government accepts a peace plan VBN by NNS of the african union .	2	3	VBZ	accepts	accept
i guess you decided what your actions are .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the image is a NN from the dvd release of NNP team in NNP from NNP films , and intended for wide distribution .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
every cell in the body has 2 copies of every gene .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
not states that a news event like this belongs on NNP instead of wikipedia if the event does not have `` historical notability '' .	5	8	VBZ	belongs	belong
the JJ muscle groups are the NN and NN muscles ( NN referring to the NN , NN to the small finger ) , the dorsal and NN NN muscles ( between the JJ bones ) and the JJ muscles .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i write poetry , i go for the JJS number of words that VBP a lot or let the readers connect the NNS , or relate it to their own experience , and the same with music .	19	20	VBP	connect	connects
NNP management techniques include controlled burning and NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the original editor comes back with .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
as with JJ NNS , bridges may be VBN using the JJ technique if the restoration is to be either a JJ NNP or NNP .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
other editors might be surprised to find what access to internet resources their local library web site gives them .	16	17	VBZ	gives	give
myspace page is in the top 10 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
several NN NN guides have recommendations on which salmon fisheries are sustainable and which have negative impacts on salmon populations .	3	4	VBP	have	has
i VBP that , in response to the above comment , the author of the article is likely to come forward with a link to establish that this organization really does exist ; that is , it is registered with the new york secretary of state as a corporation .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
the NNP can also be used to VB any creatures the player finds that are RB .	11	12	VBZ	finds	find
several editors have decided that , since the city articles they are working on have no airports and are sometimes lacking other facilities like certain key NNS , sports NNS , etc .	9	14	VBP	have	has
the swamp is a popular tourist attraction and VBG ground for the NNP NNP , national bird of trinidad and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ rockets are RB JJ , but rather JJ with current technology .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the school also has a science teacher that has her doctorate .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the celebration with great NN and the performance of priest dances marks the ending of the festival .	1	11	VBZ	marks	mark
from there , NNP runs along the west branch NNP river until the highway reaches the eastern suburbs of NNP , where us CD leaves the interstate via exit 15 .	13	14	VBZ	reaches	reach
a dish with its genesis in the heart of chicago 's puerto rican community is a specialty known as the NN .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP practitioners recommend VBN products due to their claim that they more closely JJ the composition and ratio of VBG NNS in a woman 's body than do commercially manufactured products .	1	2	VBP	recommend	recommends
the greek word translated as mark ( of the beast ) , UH , also means VBD money , coin or the NN on the coin hence , `` no one VBZ or sells without the money of the beast .	30	31	VBZ	buys	buy
each club has a reserve team in the isle of man football combination , and the junior cup for the reserve teams .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a train NN is a computer program that VBZ rail transport operations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
shore NNS include duty on the joint staff and the staff of the chief of naval operations .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
enemies are also able to VB their NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the township completely VBZ the borough of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	surrounds	surround
the family moves to germany the same year .	1	2	VBZ	moves	move
perhaps redirect to list of notable schools in the united states in an attempt to make some people think before adding their NN high school ( note - i went to a RB high school ) .	17	18	VBP	think	thinks
his works include contributing to the canadian establishment , a series of JJ NNS first aired on cbc in 1980 for which he won the NNP award for best television program for that year .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
layers upon layers of guitars create a JJ mood that ranks with some of the best NN sounds out there .	0	5	VBP	create	creates
the population in 2004 was 2 , CD and the area is CD .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the reality is that transcription is irregular , with strong periods of activity , VBN by long periods of NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the central character is NNP , who wants to be the perfect NN , not wanting to do anything with his life but just sit and look at the sea .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are the fictional characters , or perhaps JJ characters , in drama and NN who work to VB the plans of the hero .	0	1	VBP	are	is
i recommend converting one into a redirect and fully protecting it until the dispute is over .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
other titles which may be used to describe this movement are `` simple church '' `` JJ church , '' `` primitive church , '' `` body life , '' `` organic church , '' or `` biblical church .	1	10	VBP	are	is
a storm that is reported to be a hurricane affects new york and new england although there is no known damage .	1	9	VBZ	affects	affect
some users take the view any and all schools from dance schools to VB up to universities should be included , others take the opposite view that only colleges should be included .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
registration of vital events is in colombia not complete .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
nearby NNS include NNP to the north , NNP to the southeast and NN to the south .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
board members include lawrence NNP md , professor of NNP and NNP , university of california , san diego and mark rice md , department of NNP , university of florida .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the discussion on the afd covers several issues , one of which is the quality and reliability of the middle east quarterly , along with the quality of its JJ and peer review process .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover
the NN currently serves the cities of lebanon , NNP , franklin , and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	serves	serve
this site contains facts about NN , and has an extensive collection of NNS available .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in his nomination statement , NNP noted that the article incorporates suggestions provided as part of the NNP reviews of earlier articles in the series .	9	10	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the act requires that the department of health and human services VBP regulations establishing which laboratory tests to use to test the NN of each drug .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
the prototype version of NNP NNP grand prix is different from the final version in terms of its internal components .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this affiliate of the american NNP network is on NNP channel 23 broadcasting from mt .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in mathematics , the log sum NN is an NN which is useful for proving several NNS in information theory .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this whole thing is silly and JJ everyone almost all of you VBG should be VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the scientific name refers to this , being a composite of NN ( billy VBP ) and the NN NN deity pan ( and in the case of the NNP NNP , adding pan 's companions for even more emphasis ) .	2	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the province is part of the central NNP plain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this power allows her to VB from the law and conduct and cover up her investigations on the carter family .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
murder , my sweet is what they all VBP to be .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
additionally , third parties develop new methods and include them in their products ( e .	3	4	VBP	develop	develops
most members live as NNS on NN surfaces of birds and mammals , especially in the upper NN tract .	1	2	VBP	live	lives
the town is a premier rock and NN VBG destination with the site of lone NNS making their way down the JJ beaches a beautiful sight .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these tools allow parents to actively control the access their children have to the internet from the family computer and to have some degree of confidence about the safety of their children online .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
i guess that a word list is more compact , but in the case of an electronic dictionary , like JJ , that can be VBN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
activities include VBG , NN , fishing , hiking , and wildlife viewing .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
saint mary 's NNP church of st mary the virgin dates back to the 11th century , and was built by the NNPS .	4	10	VBZ	dates	date
the format is similar to inside michigan football .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since the early 1960s NNPS has also been active as a writer on music ; his writings include a number of important articles on contemporary english composers .	16	17	VBP	include	includes
beyond the cities participating in the network , some of the activities are open to citizen and professional groups and organisations , students , academics and other interested individuals .	2	12	VBP	are	is
the goal is to help improve the quality of NNP articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it seems to be a single purpose NN , the only thing in contribs list is edits similar to this , always concerning the JJ NN music NN .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
an example of an JJ frame is the JJ JJ aspect ( PRP about to x ' ) , illustrated here with the verb POS tell ' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
dana may have to see how the source uses the phrase ; we may be able to make it a little less RB .	7	8	VBZ	uses	use
further volumes continue to appear at approximately six month intervals .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
photographs show that it is a JJ house with a hip roof and two front NNS .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
the students become curious about dr .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
other JJ hosts include NNP NNP ( VBZ CD ) , and greg NNP with traffic from sue thomas ( NNS JJ ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
an alternative is stronger , JJ password complexity requirements for admins .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its main landmark is NNP high house which is owned by the london youth organisation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this membership is available to some JJ NNP members who have retired .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the goal of these programs is to help students that are interested in a certain career .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
chart positions given are also for different songs .	1	3	VBP	are	is
stores selling these NNS know this and will gauge your interest before showing the goods .	0	4	VBP	know	knows
whether they be three JJ models or two JJ NNS , players are able to VB and modify the models to bear unique unit NNS and NNS for gaming .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the article claims a `` british national record '' .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the number one thing i intend to use is the ability to delete articles for speedy NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
proof of insurance ( NNP ) is any type of documentation that a person can provide to another individual proving that the person has valid insurance with an insurance company .	22	23	VBZ	has	have
the school provides french NNP , NNP learning centre and they partner in an after school program with the NNP youth centre .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
his most famous play is el NN NNP , a drama written in the grand nineteenth century manner of NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS are JJ however , and actively avoid NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the entire district , however , is wider still , following the NNP custom of including some mountains and some beaches in every district .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
universities by definition are more notable than high schools , just as high schools are more likely to be notable than elementary schools or NNS .	0	3	VBP	are	is
a trailer released in may 2009 depicts a young boy travelling with a large JJ creature , supposedly carrying on the companion theme of the series .	1	6	VBZ	depicts	depict
however , always the best thing to do to prevent edit warring is to discuss the topic on the article 's talk page .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
the nato rank code is NNP ( senior ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the play is JJ , it is nevertheless subject to score NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name tuesday derives from the old english `` NNP '' and literally means `` NNP 's day '' .	1	3	VBZ	derives	derive
plot summaries are one section of an encyclopedic topic .	1	2	VBP	are	is
regulatory reform refers to organized and ongoing programs to review regulations with a view to VBG , VBG , and making them more cost effective .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
many local as well as foreign tourists come here to visit the place .	6	7	VBP	come	comes
once the edit war is complete then perhaps you may need an advocate ( such as myself ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at NNP , students have an opportunity to learn and grow , both RB and RB , in a community of those who are seeking to further develop their JJ NNS and talents .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the term `` NNP '' therefore means `` those in `` or `` those in the desert '' .	1	6	VBZ	means	mean
when NNP and NNP are attacked by a NNP , the unit comes into contact with NNP and bonds with him , VBG him into NNP i and promptly destroying the NNP NN .	11	12	VBZ	comes	come
some clips have a small badge indicating membership to a club or some other affiliation , or some other JJ NN , in a similar manner to the way in which ties themselves may be used as signs of membership .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the number of blacks in manhattan increased to 10 , 000 , as thousands of slaves escape to the british for the promise of freedom .	13	16	VBP	escape	escapes
throughout his career burton was known as a NN being able to fight either orthodox or NN , he stood 5 ' 9 '' though many boxing records have him listed at 5 ' 7 '' .	27	28	VBP	have	has
before anyone moves this to the main page , the image of NNP needs to be uploaded and protected .	10	13	VBZ	needs	need
the NNP award extends and VBZ the NNP prize , previously known as the NNP prize , which in 2006 had reached its NNP edition .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
the dam is an JJ structure high and long , with an elevation of at the crest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in its vote next week , the united states house of representatives will likely also vote to VB the act , NNS say .	21	22	VBP	say	says
the heart wheel is very important within meditation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and a single JJ decoration is not sufficient for notability either .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the creatures finally get there wish .	1	3	VBP	get	gets
the NNS , worn with matching NNS , cover the dancers faces to hide them from the NN of the god they hope to VB .	1	8	VBP	cover	covers
NNP syndrome ( also known as `` NNP syndrome '' ) is a JJ condition characterized by tiny white NNS on the trunk with confluence within NNS .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
one is encouraged to dance the program in which one is comfortable , and only to progress to another program if one has a real desire to do so .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
monastery of the holy spirit ( NNP monastery ) is a female eastern orthodox monastery in NNP , belarus .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
the route turns northeast and crosses the NNP river into NNP township in NNP county , where it passes over a norfolk southern railroad line before ending at pa CD at the base of blue mountain .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
the NNP referendum is the NNP part of a NN that will decide whether the NNP regions within iraqi NNS of NNP , NNP , NNP ad NNP and NNP will become part of the iraqi NNP region .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS ' response , of course , completely VBZ the point that he RB and deliberately uses wp as a NN .	2	8	VBZ	misses	miss
i suggest that editors just go through to make sure the sourcing is correct .	3	5	VBP	go	goes
the film is a documentary look at the director 's family at home in the NNP , particularly his aunt NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN , the most JJ editors are not often interested in discussing the NN or historical context of the statements they pick up .	5	6	VBP	are	is
all the NNS are locked and watched , but when a man who had been taking a public tour of the place demands from a guard the return of an umbrella he left behind , lucky VBZ the papers and an JJ note inside the rolled up umbrella .	11	22	VBZ	demands	demand
omar NNP 's son , NNP NNP is a filmmaker and has led NNP study groups .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
as a journalist , my default position is to provide people with more knowledge , however VBG , rather than less .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
despite computer clusters whose hardware structure is either fixed or changed by a human administrator , in JJ clusters the hardware structure of the system RB changes while the robots RB move in the environment .	29	31	VBP	move	moves
the NN , or military versions of the NN ( the names mean the same thing ) became features of permanent camps .	11	12	VBP	mean	means
make sure there is a NNP copyright at the bottom of the page where you found the photo and make sure that there is no other indication on the page that the photo belongs to someone else .	32	33	VBZ	belongs	belong
the students join in scouting with a teacher 's help .	1	2	VBP	join	joins
the same restrictions that apply to full protection during a dispute also apply to move protection during a dispute ; administrators should avoid VBG one name over another , and protection is not an NN of the current name .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
for an accurate measurement the proportion of blood to VB needs to be fixed ; many laboratories will not perform the NN if the tube is JJ and contains a relatively high concentration of NN .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the lower level `` basement '' is mostly used for the coat check and NN store , however when the main room gets VBN many NNS escape to the basement room to listen to local NNP .	25	26	VBP	escape	escapes
i thought this rfc could be closed , but this recent incident shows that nothing changed .	11	12	VBZ	shows	show
ironically , dick 's surname after marriage is NNP ) .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the city is home to NNP university , a public university established in 1990 to replace the east university , and an important institution for development in the east of sudan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
past professors include NNP NNP , the NN , and NNP powell , the father of the founder of the scout movement robert NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
those minerals have the same chemical composition , but different crystal NN NN for NN or NN and NN for NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the clubs match day and community mascot is roger ram .	1	2	VBP	match	matches
the population includes sixteen indigenous ethnic groups and various foreign minorities .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the oldest surviving british art includes NNP from around CD bc , and tin and gold works of art produced by the NNP people from around CD bc .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
he particularly focused on using drug treatment courts as a way to help JJ drug NNS beat addiction .	15	16	VBP	beat	beats
the members of the NN list are wikipedia editors , all of whom are directly or RB involved in the eastern european topic area .	1	6	VBP	are	is
we know that once the 2007 season is underway and eventually completed , this article will change dramatically .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
its line parent is NNP peak , away .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
lee ( 1991 ) , herself a former international student , explains that international students tend to be JJ and believe that school is the one place in the NNP world where they should be able to compete on an equal basis .	14	15	VBP	tend	tends
fair warning , there appears to be a NN of NN about your style and suggestions that this is now becoming disruptive .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear
the colors are often brilliant and VBN together , sometimes similar to NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
virgin NNP service is available to all wireless customers within the sprint nationwide network 's in the JJ united states , hawaii and puerto rico coverage areas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
fair use in the blood of a NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the JJ enzyme complex contains 16 NNS and has a mass of approximately 600 NNS .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
i hope deletion never becomes a core value .	2	4	VBZ	becomes	become
almost every good play has a chase scene '' february 24 2010 '' act in between the lines .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
surely this should be enough for wikipedia to see the NN of my request , and , indeed , with no NN intended , that the book , the nature of information , belongs on the wikipedia article on information .	26	33	VBZ	belongs	belong
primary schools include NNP ridge public school , john NNP primary .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
firstly , the mathematical and JJ nature of the construction is an image of the JJ universe , in which an underlying NN and logic can be perceived .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the number of JJ NNS depends on the execution order ( VBG ) of processes .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
although JJ NNS typically involve NN with high levels of NN , such as NN and NN , they can occasionally occur at NNS characterized by passive JJ NNS , including shield NNS , when the NN chambers become VBN and VBN to create a JJ top .	37	38	VBP	become	becomes
although the park was established in the early 1920s as a NN with a NN , the park today has no NNS or JJ facilities .	17	19	VBZ	has	have
but this NN is not a good reason to delete the article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , NNP 's party comes to a halt when francis is found dead .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
around 300 united states 6th infantry troops leave jefferson barracks , st .	6	7	VBP	leave	leaves
divorce proceedings take place in a secular court , rather than before a religious official .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
this category contains all abuse reports that are closed .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in case of JJ entries one ( the better ) tends to grow and the other tends remain JJ and of JJR quality .	1	10	VBZ	tends	tend
it lacks any JJ paragraph indicating why such a list is notable .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN NNS of NNP belong to this mainly continental formation often referred as JJ , of which the principal NN is situated in the south of the NNP maritime department , going north-east from NNP city .	2	5	VBP	belong	belongs
the comments exist only to start trouble .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
even for the small percentage of JJ humans who live in JJ societies , with birth begins a life in which some physical NN is guaranteed , along with the need to VB or defend the comfort , the property , and the health that they do have .	15	16	VBZ	begins	begin
quebec NNS VBP his JJ stance , liberals VBP his social NN .	1	2	VBP	dislike	dislikes
tagged for notability since april 2007 ; web search reveals a few blog hits but no reliable sources that i could find .	8	9	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the focus of the museum is the preservation and interpretation of its collection of artifacts , photographs , library archives and materials which relate principally to the maritime history of california 's north coast .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however the company still continues to receive the support in recognition of the value of an attractive public transport system .	2	4	VBZ	continues	continue
i have no problems if other users have different NNS -- i respect that .	6	7	VBP	have	has
this care provision continues in henry NNP house at NNP abbey , where residents enjoy close links with the community , its worship and its life .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the same distinction between NNS and extensions is in use by other web NNS , such as microsoft internet explorer , where a typical extension might be a new NN , and a JJ might VB a video player on the page .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
in my mind an article is either about a notable subject or not .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this category is for female pool ( pocket NNS ) players at the professional or notable amateur level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the private sector has recently VBN schools in the village and two schools are JJ in private sector , however both are JJ the middle level .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the arabic word for JJ religion is islam .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in this story , a young african-american boy tells his friends how he VBZ batman to be , and gives him the name `` NNP '' .	7	8	VBZ	tells	tell
in addition , a defining feature of laws is the use of live VBN weapons rather than JJ representations found in popular NNP gaming .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
users experience an increase in focus , increased mental NN , and the elimination of NN , as well as a decrease in NN .	0	1	VBP	experience	experiences
its natural range is the pacific ocean NNS of north and south america , and also NNP i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but do note , that there is nothing in the notability guidelines about local sources , so whether or not a source is local is a bit NN .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
a further NN clue presents itself when NNP 's dog is found dead at the very pool where NNP met his end .	3	4	VBZ	presents	present
the pr woman for pink NN uses the term and it is in common usage to refer to meat industry waste NNS .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use
the case is due to be heard in the second half of 2012 and will involve australia 's most prominent NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBG subsidiary , which is still based here , is now a brand of applied energy products ltd .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this famous professor 's body remains in the NN of this population 's JJ church .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
this NN is NN and can get into deep NNS that may prove difficult for other measuring tools .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the present main course is itself a NN , the abbey stream , of the original course , which ran further east .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in it , a warrant grants the members of the club permission to fly a `` st .	4	5	VBZ	grants	grant
jack complained ( complaint itself is professional , he knew about the template and etc without actually seeing it ( see his complaint ) ) and got the article restored .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the athletic teams compete in the NNP southeast conference .	2	3	VBP	compete	competes
it has been linked to using the NNP machine because the original NN is dead .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's television appearances include the NNS the history man ( 1981 ) and the jury ( 2002 ) .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
pope , this article is all NN and NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
route 8 is from route 1 [ route 101 ] near NNP to route 7 [ route 80 ] near NNP via the vicinity of NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the border starts from the NN with albania , in lake NNP , the boundary runs in a straight line NNS across the lake and then continues in the north of east trend across the relief to the NNP NNP , where it turns JJ .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the dry season which runs from december through april , generally sees RB JJR temperatures than the remainder of the year .	2	11	VBZ	sees	see
the great thing about wikipedia is that it should no longer be necessary to wonder what VBD site one might have to visit to find a piece of information , as all subjects can now be covered here .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the next problem in the NNS of cloud computing is the problem of legal ownership of the data .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
it is from her that the palace takes the name NNP , meaning `` queens forest '' .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
german speaking world ) , and if the person in question is german , that will probably be the way to do it .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
for all unused NNS , an JJ routine has to be implemented to keep the system in a defined state after an JJ NN .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
NNP NN NNS also use NNP NNP 's .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
NNP 's best friend is NNP NNP and her favorite sitting charge is jamie .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the commune covers an area of CD square kilometers and includes the town and 13 villages .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
during rush hour intervals are every JJ minutes .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a decrease is not always the case , but in certain cases , it can occur .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is ruled by a council whose membership is largely secret .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the final drop is about a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his height is 55 meters tall and VBZ around 44 , 000 tons .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
outdoor facilities for NNP include sand NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , JJ etc for their recreation and balanced growth .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
actually , the atmosphere has an JJ end ; it gets RB JJR as you keep going out from the earth .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
before we have a policy we need to discuss what the good reasons are .	12	13	VBP	are	is
most stories VBP NNP as born first , becoming her mother 's NN upon the birth of her brother apollo .	1	2	VBP	depict	depicts
as for why pilots sit on the left in JJ aircraft , my answer is a little more JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP campaign sees the player ( the NN from tactics ) appearing in a different region of space , albeit having a rather confused state of mind .	2	3	VBZ	sees	see
the above argument VBZ the conclusion of a JJ NN that raises the issue of how and whether the object can be known by experience .	2	3	VBZ	invites	invite
the loch NN is now a well JJ area in the fields of NNP farm .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep google book search and scholar search shows this is a real thing , which people who know this industry do talk about .	3	7	VBZ	shows	show
hill surrounding has evolved winter sports offer - comfortable skiing centers and NNS .	5	6	VBP	offer	offers
the neck is short and thin , the NNS are prominent .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the topic is so far an encyclopedic one .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP commented , `` it is my faith that , given a chance , the people of india come clean '' .	15	18	VBP	come	comes
we say that the two sets have the same NN .	5	6	VBP	have	has
individuals of both NNS are dark brown or VB black , with the guard VBZ on the back of the neck being JJ or light tan .	0	4	VBP	are	is
this film was shot on location in columbia state historic park , california , which means that the buildings have a somewhat authentic period look , but the landscape looks almost nothing like the lower american midwest .	18	19	VBP	have	has
interior highlights include a grand central NN , hand carved details , and a significant collection of early american furniture provided by NNP duke .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS include the national radio NNP NNP , prime fm , bbc NNP , NNP NNP , kiss fm , pro fm , radio 21 , fresh fm ( romanian radio station NNP fm ) , radio nova , NNP radio , hit fm , and many others .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
when these JJ bands form around the developing skull , the bones will not form properly .	3	4	VBP	form	forms
note that if any two operations are carried out in succession the result is the same as if a single operation of the group had been performed .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
during the guitar bridge solo , she is seen spinning round with a red sheet and walks off the set as the video and song comes to its final chorus .	24	25	VBZ	comes	come
these robots are very important in disaster NNS and are hopefully taking a change for the better .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the former prime minister of finland NNP NNP lives in NNP .	3	8	VBZ	lives	live
sock requires to be JJ ; publicly declared multiple accounts run by the same person are , in most cases , perfectly fine .	0	1	VBZ	requires	require
NNS lead up to the two platforms , each with a modest shelter .	0	1	VBP	lead	leads
the outer panels form a single image , christ crowned with NNP .	2	3	VBP	form	forms
the JJ region currently defined by the commission includes CD counties in 13 states , including 29 counties in north carolina .	2	8	VBZ	includes	include
the recently discovered inscription mentioning NNP as queen in year 16 , shows that the NNP period may yet have secrets and NNS to VB .	3	12	VBZ	shows	show
i feel this article meets the requirements of fac and that there is little that needs to be done now for this to pass other than for people to VB my feelings that this article is ready .	3	4	VBZ	meets	meet
northern ireland and the troubles , highways , abortion , NNP NNP , macedonia , NNP conflict , etc , then we have problems more significant than if an article on some video game includes enough negative comments .	29	34	VBZ	includes	include
the strange thing is that the impression individual editors build up of each other can vary widely depending on what the initial first impression is .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the primary component is a blue JJ giant .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a large part is standard of living , the amount of money and access to goods and services that a person has ; these numbers are fairly easily measured .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
the fact is that `` party girl , '' like the charleston , is old hat , an old hat that would be VBG if it were n't so RB reminiscent of a past best forgotten .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the department of education has proposed NN or expand the current integrated NNP education data system , arguing that a database is necessary to sufficiently assess the status of universities and college students nationwide .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the final poem is again an NN for his work .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cook reads these passages as JJ references to NNP 's role in franklin 's life , and eleanor 's acceptance of that role .	0	1	VBZ	reads	read
today few companies do such NNS because of the cost and effort required .	2	3	VBP	do	does
the program serves over 300 young people .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
these statements are independent of the chosen basis .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it 's that same year , in 1989 , that the squadron receives the additional mission of providing basic flight instruction , thus effectively replacing the former e .	11	12	VBZ	receives	receive
the group also owns itv studios , the production arm of the company and formed from an NN of all the production departments of the regional licenses they own .	1	3	VBZ	owns	own
same thing goes for peter williams , and even the NNPS , i just ca n't seem to do any decent writing RB .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
life in a day is the debut studio album by simple minds , released in 1979 .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the embassy figures are also hardly compatible with the known data for immigration .	2	3	VBP	are	is
probable causes are NN of speed and distance , inadequate flight supervision , failure to VB a NN and JJ operation of the engines .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the japanese version , the game takes place in a generic boxing ring using the publisher 's name in place of the NNP advertisements found in the north american version .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
the issue has political echo , because he is a JJ citizen , but from the ethnic russian community .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
with the arrival of the printing press a process begins in which folk NNS and legends are collected within a frame story and then mass published .	8	9	VBZ	begins	begin
on further review , i believe that the coi complaint is a valid one .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
burns 's version makes the tale somewhat mysterious and , although not the original , it became the model for most subsequent versions of the ballad .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the area is important for research activities , with NNP operating the NNP research station in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the primary component is an VBG binary star in a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he was JJ , and his mother tells of his having overcome a consul at NNP in a political discussion when he was only sixteen `` simply from being VBN on the subject , and honest .	6	7	VBZ	tells	tell
it appears to me that NNP 's argument is that the latter question is JJ if the former is answered in the NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
these outlets provide a safe , JJ and VBG space for these students .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the most well known example of this confusion is when historic coral way being NNP 3rd avenue , makes a 45 degree turn onto NNP 22nd street as it crosses over NNP 12th avenue .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
her powers lie in her great physical strength .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
furthermore , your comments , NNP , constitute a personal attack and i request you remove your previous comment accordingly .	3	7	VBP	constitute	constitutes
the population in 2003 was 30 , CD and the area is CD .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
due to the JJ production process and the low content of oil in the rose NNS , rose oil commands a very high price .	18	19	VBZ	commands	command
NNP article and change the text so that it is the current chosen article , if the template ( which is very important because it 's part of other more JJ templates ) is up to date , this task has already been done .	17	33	VBZ	is	are
servers for the open source game NNP often use names ending in .	0	8	VBP	use	uses
many people reside in the hills of the NNP ranges , where they may work work locally or VB to work in more populated areas IN the hill .	1	2	VBP	reside	resides
usually when the producers submit an episode for the NNP emmy award for `` outstanding individual achievement in music composition for a series ( dramatic NNP ) '' , they submit a NN of horror episode , and to date , seven episodes have been nominated .	3	4	VBP	submit	submits
i 'd wonder about language bias , but the book is in english .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
one NN problem at NNP is that editors who nom a great number of articles may lose NN in the entire area .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
as the sequence ends , ken VBZ up in his arm chair and gives his famous NN at the camera .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
allmusic has said that `` even though his songs seem to come from a nearly JJ NN point of isolation , there is VBG beauty here , a need for connection , and VBG flights , NNS , and turns of melody .	8	9	VBP	seem	seems
one argument , which seems completely JJ , is that other animals ca n't feel pain .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the point is there is no agreement on what the borders are supposed to be .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each organization makes NNS about what it will and wo n't spend money on in a NN .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
his horizontal speed when he launched from the NN is as fast or faster than when he ran .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
when a note includes a NN , the source normally follows the terminal NN of the NN .	8	10	VBZ	follows	follow
similarly , persecution of jews by muslims has a very long history well before the existence of the modern state of israel .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
the fine NNS that cover the animal are mostly JJ and black on the legs , and largely orange or white on the body .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP is VBN and is used as an NN of the amount of traffic a state has .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
famous NNP festival NN NNS in many part of NN NN NN , famous JJ temple is here and our national birds NN is suit JJ conditions .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
given a fixed total concentration of one or more species over the measurement time , the VBG signal is a direct measure of the JJ JJ mass of the solution , which will vary as NNS form or VBP .	35	36	VBP	form	forms
consistent with this position , he sees jesus christ as the full NN of god 's promises to israel , and that the church receives the benefits of this as it is `` in '' christ .	23	24	VBZ	receives	receive
the differences in form are primarily in size and weight , as well as NN , which ranges from dark brown to bright yellow , and the types of NNS , ranging from solid colors to many spots .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the NNP road crosses the parish .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
please note that in india it is medical colleges and it is never referred to as `` school '' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
route CD is just as scenic the rest of the way past lost river , over NNP NNP , then down the other side along the wild NNP river .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
all products offer NN of systems and processes within their target domain , and are VBN on the intelligent agent approach to software design .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
a third party , NNP NNP - the ace of diamonds ( see rankings in the country ) - joins their meeting , and things turn hostile .	24	25	VBP	turn	turns
NNS range from NN ( above sea level ) in the southwest to about NN in the far south central part of the county along the ohio river .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
NNP is very popular in NNP literature , and most native NNP speakers are familiar with at least a few of the poems from this important work .	12	13	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP is notable , but its hard to imagine that an encyclopedia needs a bare list of tour dates and locations for any musician .	12	13	VBZ	needs	need
the JJ search operator is not JJ by the rules of primitive NN as those do not provide a mechanism for `` infinite NNS '' ( JJ values ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
keep - but the nominator has valid concerns that apparently have failed to be addressed for some time .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the team plays its home games in the stadium at NNP high school in nearby washington terrace , utah , where they have played since 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
NNS are available to replace NNS all over the body .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNS resemble the NNP regular issue in red as opposed to green .	0	1	VBP	resemble	resembles
the flowers have white NNS with JJ yellow bases .	1	2	VBP	have	has
then mill the NN and chips ( the NN or NN VBZ the NN , JJ meal and NN ) by means of a plate mill or a hammer mill or RB a roller mill .	1	11	VBZ	separates	separate
players thus have no seeds in hand , and thus there is no JJ phase .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the defending winner of the event is kevin NNP , after winning it in 2013 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
parts are highly specialized because of such a low volume of riders .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this is a simple step most people forget .	6	7	VBP	forget	forgets
the film consists of NNS from the stage musical of the same name which was devised by NNP NNP in 1921 .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the team aims to bring closure to many JJ families who still have VBN questions about the death or NN of their loved ones .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
these monasteries are among the very few in mongolia to escape the JJ destruction of JJ monasteries under NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the cards are VBN and game play simply continues with the next player dealing the cards but the value of the next hand is doubled ( NNP ) .	6	8	VBZ	continues	continue
the protests and riots over people 's park became one of the symbolic events of the 1960s , and the park remains a source of controversy and conflict today .	20	21	VBZ	remains	remain
the suburb bears the NN of the british empire as many of its streets are named after british NN .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
fashion and beauty blogs focus on the values of looking a certain way , or what society VBZ as `` JJ .	4	17	VBZ	deems	deem
records prove that both NNS are one and the same .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this article feels only relevant to life in the first world .	1	2	VBZ	feels	feel
if the restoration is correct , her arms are in a JJ reminiscent of the venus of NNP or venus de NNP , and like them she may have held a mirror .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
every sequence is a net , taking a to be the directed set of natural numbers with the usual ordering .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the composition of the JJ matrix determines the physical properties of JJ NNS .	1	6	VBZ	determines	determine
essentially , a probability distribution is much more that a NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
as the name indicates , it is famous for the JJ views over the western parts of the auckland region .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the members of NNP are seth h , thomas h , sam h , and NNP v .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the colours VBP from a concept by david NNP VBG the oxford blue and cambridge blue .	1	2	VBP	originate	originates
the best thing is to remember not to do it again , put it behind you and move on ; NN will think any the worse of you and this will quickly be forgotten .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ approach gives the creator or owner of the information resource the ability to control access to those resources .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
exactly the same NNS i got when i read it the first time .	3	8	VBP	read	reads
however , since the NNS there has hardly been any change in the number of those believing that some sort of god exists ; only the number of those believing in god the way the church teaches has decreased .	19	22	VBZ	exists	exist
the entire exterior design and chassis is the same as the american NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the system has a mean time between failure of around 600 hours , and can track at least 60 targets at once .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
such disruption is to be RB defined by specific policies '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only reliable sources are the NNS which documents the voice actor and and second site which like the NNS talks more about the television show NN than the character discussed .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these talks are available as tape recordings from the NNP mission .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the southern NN 's peak rate is about 20 NNS per hour , while the northern NN 's peak rate is about 10 NNS per hour .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS say that while NNP supplied weapons to the other five men , he VBD the idea of attacking the military base .	0	1	VBP	say	says
the question assumes that there is bias and that this bias causes harm , neither of which has been proven .	1	2	VBZ	assumes	assume
the killer tells him that his wife VBN on him .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
all large animals are strong enough to destroy small vehicles .	2	3	VBP	are	is
names VBN by an NN are legendary or JJ figures in the lineage ; while their involvement in the lineage is accepted by most of the major schools , it is not independently verifiable from known historical records .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the image is also similar to that used on the front cover of NNP classics .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fruit bodies of NNP NNS have no distinct NN , and a mild to slightly JJ taste .	1	5	VBP	have	has
we 've discussed it before and repeatedly concluded that such messages while possibly silly are n't worth fighting over .	10	14	VBP	are	is
i think the content is RB valuable and we can always move the page to another article .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBD tape is available for use in this situation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
both those historic collections remain part of the NNP collection .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
the route then turns back to the east and heads into the city of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	turns	turn
the NN features a JJ seated , VBN male with an JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
it is one of the earliest fantasy series to feature positive gay NNS whose relationships are an JJ part of the cultural background , as well as to present explicit and sympathetic NNS of same-sex love .	14	15	VBP	are	is
previously , they were classified into 10 `` urban '' ( lying completely or partially within borders of the city proper ) and 7 `` suburban '' municipalities , whose centres are smaller towns .	30	31	VBP	are	is
species of interest include the palm NNP , northern NNP , pink NNP , NN , NNP NNP and NNP copper NNS , and NNP NNP NN .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
lynch provided JJ contributions to the field of city planning through JJ research on how individuals VBP and VBP the urban landscape .	15	16	VBP	perceive	perceives
such internal priority right allows an NN who filed a first application in a given country to claim the priority of the first application when filing a subsequent application in the same country .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
if the event occurs during prime time , the anchor will usually VB viewers that there will be more details on their late local news ( if applicable ) and on the network 's overnight news program the next morning .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
indeed , his NNS are rarely relevant or even address a question directed at him .	3	4	VBP	are	is
both NNS VBP the eggs , and feed and VBD the NNS , but as with nest construction the female does more of the work than the males .	19	20	VBZ	does	do
the patient visits three days in a row and the doctor discovers that on the first day she feels normal , on the second day she feels cold , on the third day she feels NN .	1	2	VBZ	visits	visit
some universities even offer a b .	1	3	VBP	offer	offers
NNS ' son -- daniel , aka NNP NNP -- is also a college football coach .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
austrian historian hammer also VBZ this assertion , with documents that show NNP had issued 30 , 000 NN in CD for the construction of a mosque , NN , NN , and NN in what became known as NNP .	1	4	VBZ	confirms	confirm
if no stop is requested , the doors remain closed .	7	8	VBP	remain	remains
during NNP 11 , NN records show JJ NNS that are consistent with a JJ NN , but temperature effect can not be RB VBN from NN .	5	6	VBP	show	shows
NNP NNP told her , `` the child must not VB and neither must you for the child sees and you know she sees .	17	18	VBZ	sees	see
general information on government programs and NNS NNP provides general information on government programs and services , which is available by phone or at one of services NNP offices .	1	8	VBZ	provides	provide
his father is a historian of asian decorative arts , founder of the captain robert NNP forbes house and NN of asian export art at the NNP essex museum in salem , massachusetts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the gardens are also home to the adelaide pavilion restaurant and function centre , and is a popular location for NNS and wedding photography shoots .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he then had the castle built in the classic norman style , the keep of which still stands .	13	17	VBZ	stands	stand
a new series of online chapters introduced by the expansion , having completed their training and become JJ NNP , players take the NNS as NNS , passing on their knowledge to younger NNS while investigating the evil NNP organization .	20	21	VBP	take	takes
state laws apply for bag limits and seasons and the use of boats in the river and NN is prohibited .	1	2	VBP	apply	applies
its head office is in NNP district , central administrative NNP , moscow .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the third project topic is disk mass potential .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the acute NN is JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
yes , let the admins do their job instead of misleading them .	4	5	VBP	do	does
NNP 's driver then takes NNP to the airport , so that she can fly with the cm 's son to delhi along with the bag .	2	4	VBZ	takes	take
as a vampire your NN receives new abilities such as increased skill learning speed , the ability of reading other NNP ' minds to find out their traits and relationship status , and RB the ability to run faster than ordinary NNP .	2	5	VBZ	receives	receive
legislative acts and contracts sometimes use `` shall '' and `` shall not '' to express mandatory action and prohibition .	1	5	VBP	use	uses
all arizona cities utilize the NNP in the NN of their privilege and use taxes .	2	3	VBP	utilize	utilizes
this category is for book stub articles about military history in general .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a large artificial beach is the main attraction during summer months and serves as a focus away from the heat of the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
while there was a precedent for painted NNS of mary NN over the dead christ in NNP art , the subject appears to have been novel to italian sculpture .	20	21	VBZ	appears	appear
many living museums feature traditional NNS at work , such as a NN , cooper , potter , miller , NN worker , NN , doctor and general store keeper .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
while all humans display extremely JJ behavior , NNP believes the races vary in the degree to which they exhibit that behavior .	11	12	VBP	vary	varies
the film begins with an JJ film student named steve ( NNP ) NN to his girlfriend NNP ( NNP ) the history of NNP studios .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
high energy requirements ( brain ) or high NN rate ( NN , skin ) organs are usually the most JJ to their NN .	15	16	VBP	are	is
ap options include english , biology , chemistry , physics , NNP , art , latin , french , and spanish .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
for me , the number of hours i have invested here is RB JJ in the sense that the focus is unrelated to JJ japan , and i would guess that this level of NN is JJ across the span of archived NNS in this forum .	32	35	VBZ	is	are
the height of the monument is of which the statue .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although the battle is JJ NNP NNP is impressed by the NNS and is determined to obtain more .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
support - this is generally something i would support .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
contestants have 10 attempts before retiring .	0	1	VBP	have	has
in following two examples are almost the same but the NN dates are different ( notice the years ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
at the wolf pack 's meeting at council rock NNP the bear speaks for the NN and NNP the NN VBZ his life with a RB killed bull .	11	12	VBZ	speaks	speak
with no decent references , the article is all original research and personal point of view .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the war ends with NNP 's death , but an JJ shiva decides to use the NNP to finish NNP forever .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
a couple of sources , neither of which is primarily about this student newspaper .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the elevation of NNP is CD feet ( CD metres ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
perhaps the JJS RB specific NN cloud in the world is the morning glory , a rolling JJ cloud that appears RB over the gulf of NNP in northern australia .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the competition at the collegiate level is mainly between NNP organizations and , to a lesser degree , residence halls .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( ) this NN is an NN NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
other attributes varied , depending upon the region of egypt in which the NNS exist .	13	14	VBP	exist	exists
history retained if an editor wants to merge some material .	4	5	VBZ	wants	want
the scene where NNP crashes through a window to attack NNP is similar to the scene where NNP attacked NNP in the NNP identity .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
in any event , if these facts are accurate , they can easily be cited using the JJ primary source documents available from the sec .	6	7	VBP	are	is
while students in the honors classes learn the same material at the same pace , it creates a better learning system to have students of the same level together .	1	6	VBP	learn	learns
wisconsin highway NNS use the NNP highway gothic font in series d for all JJ and JJ numbers and series c for JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the hotel is in financial trouble .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the united kingdom NNP office admiralty list of lights and NNP signals number is d CD .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
it can not be said this group forms a block using the language for JJ communication with any chance that this will be the only way of VBG with expanding numbers of this group born in NNP .	6	7	VBZ	forms	form
at roman NNP , for example , recent analysis suggests that the cemetery VBZ the town 's virtual NN .	8	9	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the boys then leave and norman works out that the NN brought to his mother by uncle phil was in fact a fraud to get NNP to sell the farm .	1	3	VBP	leave	leaves
the name is originally from the language of an ethnic group in the central highlands .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at first NN , double NN appears to be a natural result of function NN .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
additionally , unless one counts NNP as se europe , the region has no substantial polish population .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
additionally , the NN of running with the disc and generally more JJ operations of play than most team sports makes the game more fun and accessible to players of varied abilities than traditional ultimate .	3	20	VBZ	makes	make
library NNS are a small percentage of overall library NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP 's aim is to increase the independence and social confidence of the elderly to make positive changes in their own lives .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
such claims seem to me to be special NN , and are not based on verifiable evidence of notability .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
though he spends his life always looking for potential new material , his book sales turn out to be JJ .	14	15	VBP	turn	turns
their current coach is NNP NNP , father of nhl player NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as an side , but this collision of the minds is the second or third time i 've taken an article to NNP when a redirect is the preferred course .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
i am generally a supporter of more easily removing the admin bit when administrators cross the line .	13	14	VBP	cross	crosses
a good example is NNP 's NNP in NNP , california , near NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
modern systems learn the user 's preferences for conversion and put the most recently selected candidates at the top of the conversion list , and also remember which words the user is likely to use when considering word boundaries .	1	2	VBP	learn	learns
companies that own and operate NNS and distribution centers in the NNP valley include amazon .	0	13	VBP	include	includes
this method can be applied only when the crystal contains heavy atoms or when a significant fraction of the structure is already known .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
the problem is not the response to dr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is right - that category is not a good fit for the article in question here .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the falcon air express fleet includes the following aircraft , with an average fleet age of 21 .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
two historical records claim a direct line of JJ descent from NNP to NNP to NNP to gilbert , which was the name of the father of william de lancaster ( also known as `` william son of gilbert '' ) .	2	3	VBP	claim	claims
the title refers to a bright region in the NN of the sun , named a NN .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
not wanting chef to go too , the boys seek advice from mr .	8	9	VBP	seek	seeks
the main features of the dance are the NN and NN of the NNS , with high NN and NN , JJ body movements .	2	6	VBP	are	is
articles should only be edited by people who understand the subject matter , the keep voters here claim to understand the subject , the delete voters clearly do not ( from your pov ) .	25	27	VBP	do	does
it also claims that the government has RB and intentionally failed to protect property owners .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the weapon has little NN , making it safe for operation in confined spaces .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
part of this argument is that a successful NN of mental processes has yet to be developed .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
whether he is dead or alive is left JJ , although the latter is more likely since the NN is still visible on jin 's arm , indicating that NNP 's demise has apparently not freed jin from the devil gene .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP becomes colleagues with NNP 's boyfriend cameron murray ( NNP power ) , needing the money , and an attraction develops .	20	21	VBZ	develops	develop
the park spans over of JJ NN forest and the lake itself is wide and long .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
the town receives it 's curse when an intelligent young woman , NNP NNP , VBZ the love of a simple towns boy , NNP NNP , because of her father 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
all told , the library contains about 150 , 000 volumes , plus about 30 , 000 prints and cartoons , 1 , 000 drawings , and more than 3 , 000 manuscripts .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
he also hosts an online forum on his web site , where viewers are able to express their thoughts on his work by VBG their own poetry .	12	13	VBP	are	is
my frame of reference is the u .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the maximum recorded width is .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the song `` the new ground - isle of hope , isle of tears '' , on the 2010 album songs from the heart by the group celtic woman , is about annie moore and ellis island .	1	30	VBZ	is	are
the trail is entirely within the national park and passes through major life zones of the park , from NN forests to VB meadows of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the flow out of both sides is equal , the reed is level .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
trunk 14 is part of the canadian province of nova scotia 's system of trunk highways .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
his shop is slightly hidden just off the main road .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a family is the smallest set of items of NN in an analysis , JJ about their meaning for the goal of research , from which selection of results for action , presentation or NN could be made ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the events of this period in rome are unfortunately only known to us through the insufficient notices , and we are barely aware of the rise of NNP vii before we hear of his NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the label 's most successful bands are NNP bill and hundreds , who have toured extensively through germany , austria and switzerland and gained a notable popularity in the NNP indie scene .	5	6	VBP	are	is
for the example you were trying to find , check the recent history in NNP NNP where an anon user seems to be reverting himself !	19	20	VBZ	seems	seem
mike NNP remix appears in small soldiers .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
this discussion is JJ , no offense meant .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
our german nobility article explains that the privileges of nobility , including titles per se , were abolished after NNP .	3	4	VBZ	explains	explain
the mission objective of the NNPS is to defend the four NNS from attack by the NNPS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP road is a regional road in central county NNP in ireland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the activities of clubs at the amateur level are JJ by the scottish amateur football association .	1	8	VBP	are	is
though they continue to retain a dedicated NN , their future is in question .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a combination of factors serves as an explanation for participation of some NNS in genocide against jews .	1	4	VBZ	serves	serve
other differences include small NNS or additions .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
its song is a high pitched NN of NNS ; the call is VBG , often JJ `` NN '' , RB loud for the bird 's small size .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i 'm not convinced this image is JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the hotel portion of the complex still operates as a NN .	2	7	VBZ	operates	operate
the climate paragraph needs a few hard numbers , such as what is the average temperature , and what is the JJ range .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
often during NN transit , varying streams of energy are encountered - yellow energy VBG the energy which VBZ the ship , while blue energy VBZ it , reducing the ship 's effectiveness .	24	25	VBZ	drains	drain
the free water pool is the bulk water of the NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a reflecting telescope is difficult , but still within the ability of the average amateur who has had experience building smaller instruments .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS article is the only one which says fc and not f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN is part of human nature , and a cause of the best and worst things we do .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
there is a public NN to ensure that every citizen of the borough has the chance to attend this prestigious event .	9	13	VBZ	has	have
IN 1951 NN NNP 1951 resolution test target consists of a pattern of 3 bar targets .	7	8	VBZ	consists	consist
in languages of mixed NNS , the language of the mother usually provides the JJ system , while the language of the father provides the NN .	19	23	VBZ	provides	provide
the NNP hypothesis implies that there are no NNS at all in this region and so implies the NNP hypothesis .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
after entering an area of office parks , the state highway VBZ md CD ( great NNP highway ) .	10	11	VBZ	intersects	intersect
the city of NNP is the JJ centre of south NNP and is renowned for its NN , a deep JJ fish and VB NN that is also known as NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the hidden track is their last blow as they close the album which VBD the NN influence of the album .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the village forms part of the municipality of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
the link you 're looking for is at miami orange bowl .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
since NNS ' desired relationships are voluntary and equal in principle , and since the disability has already been sustained , they point out that issues of VBG pleasure from others ' NNS have no place in debates on the attraction .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this article is about the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is wikipedia , so every edit is public .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
according to rolling stone this scene pays NN to alfred NNP 's film NNP .	5	6	VBZ	pays	pay
the original village site of the NNP people is the NNP island indian reserve 9 on the island of the same name in the NNP islands in NNP bay , which is named for the people , whose name means `` people of NNP '' .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
a few JJ events covered are the building of a new palace and a new royal capital , the construction of four NNS in the four corners of the capital NNP , and the NN of the NN of NNP na to his son NNP saw .	3	5	VBP	are	is
the airport is accessible by road from NNP NNP , and is located approximately 1 mile north of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the witch ends up getting VBN with NNP by the NNP and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
this page contains information on victorian railways vehicles that do not fit into other categories .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
i wonder how they even manage to offer the service at all without getting VBN by the NNP , let alone what their motivation is for doing so , but it is indeed a better option .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
if the human is ronnie coleman .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBN NNP NNS are also vulnerable to NN from other NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
their name VBZ to `` most powerful one '' in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	translates	translate
some species of NNS make a large amount of NNP .	1	4	VBP	make	makes
even today in the 21st century , people in some countries still have the stupid idea that having a baby girl as a first born is a NN and let the baby die .	7	12	VBP	have	has
if the VBN error is too large ( i .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN areas for the JJ bird are de facto protected from humans by their JJ cliff location .	3	8	VBP	are	is
put it on an afd if it seems JJ , if the results there start looking like a NN , then delete it .	12	14	VBP	start	starts
this has resulted in no NNS since - meaning the government has to rule by coalition , or at least cooperation , with other parties .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
this article covers the episodes made by thames television for itv .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the scholarship offers the chance for students to win a two-year NN scholarship with NNP college that helps cover their NN fees .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
online study groups allow students to maintain relationships with their peers from a distance .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
the NNS are more elaborate and a significant feature of the cuisine is a vast array of NNS based on milk and sugar as part of tradition .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
if your dvd player plays region 1 NNP NN , you can get the NNP from amazon amongst a number of other online NNS who 'll ship to australia .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
thus , critical systems are very sensitive to small changes in the environment .	3	4	VBP	are	is
compared to the later NNP percussion NNP designs , the NNP is RB VBN but , even with the odd JJ NN and NN trigger , the NN points reasonably well and NNS useful accuracy .	27	28	VBZ	points	point
the shape of the building resembles an old NN ship .	1	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the NN , however , takes this NN into consideration , and takes the quality of the goods to be uncertain .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take
enemies can also perform code drives , in which case the player 's button press allows for protection rather than attack .	14	15	VBZ	allows	allow
his NN for NNP is usually to VB him with a sword .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS have each , at various times , been considered as separate families , but they are grouped together in most recent NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP NNP - as well as the core networks the NNP NNP now have their own NNP command and control information system ( NNP NNP ) to provide a battle management system and office NN .	8	13	VBP	have	has
when such a feature is not available in the software package , a physical model that VBZ the constraints may be used instead .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the resolution of an NN means finding what it is referring to .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean
the keeper of the NN rainbow crystal , he is a RB cat NN NN as the cat NNP butler , who had a thing for NNP , even in JJ form .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
both parents VBP the eggs ( except in the case of the JJ NNP , where apparently the male takes no part ) , with the male taking one long NN stint a day and the female VBG the rest of the time .	18	19	VBZ	takes	take
also , as frequencies increase , JJ NNS become more efficient at focusing them .	3	4	VBP	increase	increases
on NNP , the signal cycle is far more JJ and , as a result , much longer .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
while some people like me , use a variety of means to ensure gender neutral language , some people do n't and prefer to use gender specific NNS when they regard them as the NN ( there 's even a NN about it ) .	2	6	VBP	use	uses
thus , the creation of a NNP NN certification has no link with the scientific value of the NN on which i focus in the article .	3	9	VBZ	has	have
and broad abilities require that they have been shown over a broad range .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
labor NNS consist of all possible workers in a `` NN '' to fill a particular job , and the employer determines the order of the workers in this NN .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
the `` assault '' mode makes the ai engage at will .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make
in the case of JJ phase NN , initially the NN of the different instruments will be almost identical , so that both parts are perceived to be VBG in NN and at the same NN .	23	24	VBP	are	is
because NN sequences do not themselves reflect the difference between a 0 or 1 state , an observation of a given NN is treated as JJ ; that is , if a given site contains a c NN , it is JJ between NNP and NNP states .	33	34	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP topic is well above others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
anyway , my view on this whole thing is that NNP should be dissolved .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the story ends when the child VBZ a NN by mixing several very dangerous chemicals and acids , some of which were NNP 's own NNS , and VB it down before NNP had a chance to stop him .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
i respect the issue is complex , but a consistent approach will be better for wp in the long run .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP theorem links the total NN of a surface to its NNP characteristic and provides an important link between local NN properties and global JJ properties .	2	3	VBZ	links	link
on august 14 edition of raw is war , NNP faced chris NNP in a match , where kane turned on NNP by VBG him through the ring , and the two VBN with each other again .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
later , when given the opportunity to escape , he VBZ to shore as the ship arrives in NNP .	15	16	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the suggestion of a hollow NN seems somewhat unlikely .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem
despite the name being the same , this product contains no characters or storyline elements in the NNP island edition .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain
its students are mostly NNS preparing for the NNP , and come from a cluster of around 20 autonomous affiliated houses of formation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
chapter 21 contains a reference to `` VB .	0	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the fact that NNP real was able to adopt this style is somewhat remarkable despite growing interest in spanish and JJ culture .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the user has said that despite our article covering east jerusalem , these two quotes say something about east jerusalem , not jerusalem , and that such a use is or by NNP .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
to avoid speedy deletion , make sure that articles provide both content and context .	8	9	VBP	provide	provides
the centre of NNP ( high street , mill street and castle street ) is a JJ traffic system and there are car parks at broadway and cold bath road .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
these sheets are rolled at specific and JJ ( `` JJ '' ) angles , and the combination of the rolling angle and radius decides the NN properties ; for example , whether the individual NN shell is a metal or NN .	17	24	VBZ	decides	decide
the goal of the society is to enforce , develop and support iranian studies in all subject areas of this field , in particular NN and linguistics .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
because of the way that JJ functions work , this change is JJ .	6	7	VBP	work	works
the JJ goal of the cold fusion community is to obtain serious consideration of their various approaches and ideas .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
licensed to montana city , montana , usa , the station serves the helena , montana , area .	10	11	VBZ	serves	serve
on the other hand , materials with low thermal NN , such as NN and NN , are use in building construction or in NNS in an effort to slow the flow of heat , i .	5	17	VBP	are	is
this point of view of NNS is now evident .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the minimum age is 28 and the maximum age is 71 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this style allows the use of the wrestler 's or his opponent 's legs in offense and defense .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
users have the ability to create their own rooms with different themes .	0	1	VBP	have	has
experience suggests that any appearance of NN which may be created is JJ .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
standard NNS have the same external diameter of the inner ring because some JJ NNS have their inner ring built on the NN , thus the external ring of the NN can be directly attached .	14	15	VBP	have	has
NNP was destroyed by the fighting in 1940 and RB rebuilt , hence the architecture is rather functional , but private homes are often painted in bright colours .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
also , an image with permission only for wp can still be used as a fair use image provided the image meets all the JJ fair use NN .	20	21	VBZ	meets	meet
these individuals encourage the exclusive use of the native NN alphabet throughout korean society and the end to character education in public schools .	1	2	VBP	encourage	encourages
the school has four houses named after previous owners of the land it is based on .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the administrator policy makes this clear .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
late in the 1960s , NNP even formed the nucleus of a national tv network , adding to tv NNP , which led in audience in são paulo and he acquired in 1967 , three other stations in rio de janeiro , NNP NNP and rio grande do NNP .	36	47	VBP	do	does
the NN also VBZ while the patient is JJ , a common feature of most movement disorders .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the most important crop is rice , while other important products are JJ , coffee and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the set of integral cycles is a NN of the integral edge space .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
please show your proof that this article is nothing but NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
as long as the user is willing to strongly contribute in the areas of administration , and not VBG up really badly that it VBZ the good things he done , i am willing to support .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the second church is the our lady queen of peace - NNP ( roman catholic ) , which also runs a high school .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this line of concern is most recommended to be situated with JJ medicine ( NNP ) VBZ , in order to decrease the rate of maternal NN and maternal NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the website is JJ by grade and subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
improved understanding of the multiple features of the upper motor NN syndrome supports more JJ assessment , and improved treatment planning .	1	12	VBZ	supports	support
while the monkey king story is a work of fiction , NNP the monk who he VBZ on the journey of the novel , was based on a historical person .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the album is currently available as a digital download via amazon .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the liquid carbon dioxide is then heated until its temperature goes beyond the critical point , at which time the pressure can be gradually released , allowing the gas to escape and leaving a dried product .	9	10	VBZ	goes	go
influences of the NNP and NNP languages are present , while NNP and NNP are closely related languages .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the organization also believes that when concerned citizens come together with specific ideas about improving schools , positive change can become a reality .	1	3	VBZ	believes	believe
anyway , as far as i can tell the previous afd was mainly delete , and the article is `` JJ '' in tone , and the company itself is of highly questionable notability .	27	29	VBZ	is	are
NNP article defines a word that is already defined in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	defines	define
i say that this article needs more images .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
in addition to its role as a collector of taxes and revenue , the agency VBZ the legislature on VBG new revenue streams .	14	15	VBZ	advises	advise
the music video is about NNP and his girlfriend .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while the stated nomination is still not a sufficient reason to VB , gfdl compliance is .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP brings home a NN to the fletcher family and they serve it up for dinner , not knowing that the NN is in fact , NNP stewart 's ( ray NNP ) pet NN `` NNP '' .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
composition is a problem as noted above .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
and the construction is extremely similar to that of a JJ like the NNP curve .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the song acts as the opening and closing music to the NNP audio NN , hosted by carson NNP .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
battle of cross keys - confederate forces under general NNP jackson save the army of northern virginia from a union assault on the james peninsula led by general george NNP .	6	11	VBP	save	saves
NN suggests that the article is promotional .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his era name means `` martial thread '' .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
every gameplay mode supports both NN and NN games with up to four players .	2	3	VBZ	supports	support
under NNP , the magazine has brought in a new generation of NNS ( including a number of female contributors ) ; notable names include pat NNP , j .	23	24	VBP	include	includes
temple tanks are wells or NNS built as part of the temple complex near indian temples .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this area also includes the NNP center of performing arts and NNP NNP , one of the largest JJ housing units in the country .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
in a civil lawsuit , a JJ party is one named as a party on the record of an action , but having no interest in the action .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
however , allmusic said that the song is `` RB enough to incorporate elements of NNP 65 's JJ NN POS ( da ba dee ) ' '' , but chose it as a track pick .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the article is JJ in blue , and those irrelevant NNS VBP the JJ links .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
therefore most of their staff and NNS are home or busy in their offices , leaving the tourist to VB any time of the day without too much difficulty .	6	7	VBP	are	is
nevertheless , all three species of NNP are JJ in the projection on the JJ NN principal component the data set is VBN by the closest tree with some penalty for the excessive number of nodes , VBG and VBG .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the statement is RB accurate , and that is all that is needed here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am sure the clerk knows that .	4	5	VBZ	knows	know
starting point of the race is the NNP pass , and the release point is in NNP di NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the tail has the colors of the italian ( or mexican ) flag .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in modern church practice , the appointment of a NN is usually done in cases where a JJ bishop feels that he will not be able to continue much longer for health reasons or because he is VBG retirement age .	18	19	VBZ	feels	feel
bird orders present in NNP was notable , then the fact that the article was written in list style is irrelevant .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
nasa responded that its policies are similar to those of any other federal agency in requiring employees to coordinate all statements with the public affairs office without exception .	4	5	VBP	are	is
murray county central 's marching band is an award-winning band that competes in multiple competitions throughout the midwest .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this article is a contested prod ; no rationale was given by article 's author for the removal of the template .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's aim is to provide a formal framework for the mutual NN of stock NNS in the african region .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
during world war ii , germany worked to develop nuclear weapons , though allied scientists ultimately beat the germans to this goal - the international team included many displaced JJ scientists from germany itself ; see german nuclear energy project .	14	16	VBP	beat	beats
fair use rationale for NNP NNP image is subject to copyright .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the educational music programme covers performance , composition , analysis , history and JJ skills .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the album features music of the pop and rock genres .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
some tools track information like how long you work each day , NN patterns , NNS ( e .	1	2	VBP	track	tracks
the latter is typically a corporate NN ( all clients are on the same NNP ) and often introduces the privacy concerns mentioned above .	9	10	VBP	are	is
bulk material must be VBN to obtain a desired particle size range , since large particles produce a poor quality lamp NN and small particles produce less light and VB more quickly .	15	16	VBP	produce	produces
silk painting is a traditional painting genre of asia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
later , using data from many NN ( not just JJ dna ) VBD that the NNP border region near the atlantic ocean is likely to be near the geographical point of origin of modern human genetic diversity .	18	23	VBZ	is	are
a letter from NNP to his wife likely places the date of composition in february .	1	8	VBZ	places	place
it is only at this stage ( of deciding the marketing objectives ) that the active part of the marketing planning process begins .	16	22	VBZ	begins	begin
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 5 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
past research has also shown that NNS are able to more RB complete a task than NNS when the task involves monitoring and switching of attention .	19	20	VBZ	involves	involve
the big problem is a lack of JJ editors familiar with the subject .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
any mistakes identified in the evidence are consistent with an occasional good faith oversight , or an honest mistake .	1	6	VBP	are	is
these two communities have , respectively , the most and least expensive housing in NNP .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the engine house is in brick , with a slate roof and JJ windows and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the children and their mothers live at these centers for an average of five weeks .	1	5	VBP	live	lives
the magazine also features interviews with a few well-known islamic personalities , including artist NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the template code shown above in the references section NNS and displays all of the citations within the article in a numbered list in which the numbers VBP to the NN numbers in the text .	26	27	VBP	correspond	corresponds
state law allows for the state to refuse to lower child support orders if a party becomes JJ or JJ for any reason .	15	16	VBZ	becomes	become
city limits are the defined boundary of a city .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i found many redirect pages that their history has more that one revisions and some of the are more that 10 revisions please merge history of this pages that listed here .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
in english , the usage of JJ is less clear .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
detailed discussion of this model in ( powers 2008 ) includes both source and JJ code , with which the reader can verify how well this simple program NNS real behavior .	1	10	VBZ	includes	include
to express the depth of an underground space in NN ( or VB for deep sites ) as a single number , the convention is to use the depth beneath a flat NN at sea level that gives the same overall cosmic ray NN NN in the underground location .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
NNP expert NNP NNP said , just as a father leads his child across the road rather than pushing the child in front , the king should also lead the NN to the NN square .	9	10	VBZ	leads	lead
this article is JJ and meets all of the fa criteria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
brown 's novel the NNP incident ( NNP , 1970 ) describes a worldwide free knowledge base similar to the internet .	2	11	VBZ	describes	describe
fair use in war of the NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the manufacturing sector makes the second largest contribution to the local economy .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the church choir is the oldest part of the church , and the NN is the only preserved example of its kind in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the JJ interface is a NNP , an assert message is sent .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the series overview table says that NNP has 25 episodes , but i count 26 .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
buses , NN and private vehicles are the main means of transport .	5	6	VBP	are	is
article in question is basically just a duplicate .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the third place playoff has been criticised by some who feel that the match serves little purpose , but others see this game as an occasion for the losing NNS to VB some pride .	13	14	VBZ	serves	serve
the one exception to this is that NNP VBD herself before the audience in NNP ; but this is acceptable in a play JJ for its NN and oriental colour .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a person who is a promotions director and adding this type of material , after previous blocks , appears to indeed warrant it .	1	18	VBZ	appears	appear
primary urban areas ( which is what this list is ) are NNS of local authorities .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the home uniforms are a white background , with red , navy blue and gold trim .	2	3	VBP	are	is
she can create nearly JJ blue force fields that are difficult to VB , however strong characters like black NNP are able to destroy them .	16	20	VBP	are	is
there were six NNS present in the NNP NNP NNP ( the company not VBN to any battalion , and serving as the JJ supply , maintenance and replacement unit ) and three in the NNP NNP NNS , the JJ heavy weapons support company .	42	43	VBP	support	supports
g , and any proper normal NN gives a normal series of length 2 .	6	7	VBZ	gives	give
delete - page has no worth and no place on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP condition holds approximately in NN waves in high explosives .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
you see , i take issue with your NNS that this VBZ our guidelines and policies regarding essays , and your assertion on what the greater community thinks of this essay .	26	27	VBZ	thinks	think
the text i want to add is here , and the section i want to add it to is here .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the lighthouse 's VBG NN horn attracts a sea monster who VBZ the place .	5	6	VBZ	attracts	attract
this category is for people and works who have won an NNP award .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this use is really a category mistake .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete while this term is not unknown , it is not common ; and this particular page is more an essay than a definition .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
plants normally grow with one JJ stem in the wild , but often produce JJ NNS in gardens .	0	2	VBP	grow	grows
a quick search engine test does not show anything different to VB that the three characters , either alone or in group , deserve a JJ article .	15	23	VBP	deserve	deserves
the government also provides technical advice and equipment to communities to assist them in VBG and VBG traditional JJ wells .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the trains are a gift from the czech government .	1	2	VBP	are	is
copyright policies come from the laws of the united states of america and the state of florida .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
shortly thereafter , the road comes to an intersection with NNP 9 and NNP 4 , which begins here .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
it ridiculous that this would stand on its own yet the NNPS page is RB short on it .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNS move and capture in the same way as in standard chess , with the sole difference being that when they take a piece , they jump to the square RB after the one taken .	0	1	VBP	move	moves
another film centered around an alternative lifestyle , and could generally be assumed to be viewed by the same lgbt community , a home at the end of the world , has 4 , CD JJ ratings at the internet movie database .	23	31	VBZ	has	have
the club currently plays in the NNP NNP , which is the top tier football league in the country .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play
an industrial design right VBZ the form of appearance , style or design of an industrial object ( e .	2	4	VBZ	protects	protect
the nominator appears to be worried about one sentence in the NN , rather than about the topic of NN .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the main component is a class NNP star located 13 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
her replacement turns out to be keith drop , whom NNP NNS after losing her best friend .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
the count lives there with NNP , a young woman suffering from memory loss , whom he claims to have taken in like a daughter after her skiing accident .	1	2	VBZ	lives	live
if both players are at this level , a JJ variant of the rules permits one to move both neutral pieces after moving .	10	14	VBZ	permits	permit
NNS are not the same as data .	0	1	VBP	are	is
local and regional law enforcement agencies continually try new strategies , techniques , and technologies to address this issue .	5	7	VBP	try	tries
download versions additionally contain an otherwise unnamed bonus track 9 .	1	3	VBP	contain	contains
the structure of production in the region reflects the transformation of the economy from agriculture to industry and services .	1	7	VBZ	reflects	reflect
this article is about the corporation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the long JJ NN of NNP NN is of disputed status .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this energy is negative , so by converting things to something which is closer ( in an JJ sense ) to iron , they get more negative energy and you get some energy out .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
generally early action is similar to early decision except the decision is not binding , so a student could apply to multiple colleges .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
played by the JJ NNP NNP , she 's less JJ than JJ - a smooth operator whose NNS seem to issue not from NN or intelligence but from a NN that allows her to RB VB her lines with careful NN .	18	19	VBP	seem	seems
the airport is quite close to a number of NNS and small accommodation providers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i feel her discussion above is genuine and she would be a credit to wikipedia as an admin .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the village takes its name from the saint ; the welsh NN means `` NN of '' .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the park is just in size and serves to preserve a JJ log cabin that was built in the early CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the commune covers an area of CD square kilometers and includes 4 villages .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
for the purpose of the above list , a city is a community defined to be a city by austrian law ; a town is a community not defined to be a city .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the timber industry makes up over half of the industrial production of the district .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
this category is for video game companies based in bulgaria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main service is the 350 which uses the same route as the 82 to NNP and it also runs to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at CD each evening , local news is available to each NN `` NNP live '' and `` NNP live '' the frequencies 96 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the first step is to select a topic .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
what the forum example VBZ is that while you claim you have a large and active membership , your forum VBZ quite the opposite .	3	4	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
if NNS manage to get their hands on nuclear or biological weapons , they would certainly use them , possibly killing millions and causing NNS of dollars in economic damage .	1	2	VBP	manage	manages
d particle physics NN is barely a genre on its own .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the VBG NN has the shape of a long hollow cylinder .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the result is a type of JJ variable star system called an NN binary .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the original project provision is for the supply of per day from the year 2011 onwards .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in the dry season , the people move their NNS to southern villages with a more temporary character .	6	7	VBP	move	moves
NNS accepts that science can not say what we should accept and reject , `` but does not think of values as a special kind of fact that can be studied RB '' , IN that values are a kind of fact that VBZ can and do study .	36	37	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS move RB above the soil in a planted marsh or swamp , and thus can be supported by a wider variety of soil types including bay mud and other NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	move	moves
since the JJ date of independence , these nations continue to share ties through the commonwealth of nations , and sharing of the same head of state , queen elizabeth ii as their monarch .	8	9	VBP	continue	continues
the president is patricia NNP NNP and the party secretary NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for NN information , such as the population of a city or birth and death date of a famous writer , news media sources are usually tertiary sources and probably not useful for citation as such at all ) .	23	24	VBP	are	is
even though the locations of the legendary pokémon are different , team NNP still makes the mistake of taking the blue NN to NNP , while team NNP still makes the mistake of taking the red NN to NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is
speaking of that phoenix new times article , it uses the same picture the wikipedia article uses .	15	16	VBZ	uses	use
the station has two suburban platforms and another island platform for NN NN trains .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
all over russia and not only in NNP ) , and when this platform is not enough - mr .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
additionally , some automatic editing features offer a combination of editing actions with little or no user interaction .	5	6	VBP	offer	offers
organisations often request NNP membership as a NN in job descriptions in order to ensure that candidates are JJ , JJ and highly trained .	16	17	VBP	are	is
on a binary phase diagram , this point represents the relative compositions of the two substances and the temperature at which a solid NN and JJ liquid mixture can VB .	7	8	VBZ	represents	represent
these NNS have a split ( NNP 's NNP ) at the end of them through which the NNS of NN NN JJ pass .	1	2	VBP	have	has
district and platoon NNS wear an NN with three NNS , managers wear one NN and one crown , directors wear two NNS and one crown and the executive director of a region will wear three NNS plus a crown .	11	12	VBP	wear	wears
lot polish airlines flight CD , a boeing CD , makes a successful RB landing at warsaw NNP airport in warsaw , poland , after its landing gear fails to extend .	27	28	VBZ	fails	fail
the book also VBZ a variety of other , less well-known riots , and the navy 's efforts , under admiral NNP NNP to improve the racial climate in the u .	1	3	VBZ	explores	explore
this reaction produces free VBN JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
my NN feeling is that most of the information is trivia relating to a generally non-notable person .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for you , NNP , to suggest that this is anywhere near the same level as turning wikipedia into some kind of NN VBN site is ridiculous .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
VBN elementary schools serving sections of NNP include shirley t .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
she is also the first character with whom the audience identifies , and as viewers know her only as confused and VBN , not knowing who she is and where she is going , she represents their desire to make sense of the film through her identity .	9	10	VBZ	identifies	identify
all chinese characters are in traditional ( complex ) form , except for chinese book titles which are as published and thus in simplified form .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the average yield is 300 , 000 NNS of wine per year .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP series features legal themes ( the protagonist is a JJ whose boyfriend is a trial lawyer ) and a great deal of JJ action .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the rule is a bit NN , but as editors we can apply some NN in how strictly we enforce it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current NN NNS of NNS ' home loans are under no government requirements to VB a short NN NN which is why most NNS find it is beneficial to hire a NN NN that employs specialized NNS to take care of the short NN for the NNS .	24	25	VBP	find	finds
NNP , ( ) or NNP is a spacecraft whose mission is to study the sun .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
it has also been suggested that the character of NNP in anton NNP 's play the three sisters is a dedicated NNP .	7	18	VBZ	is	are
google hits are not an argument considered on an afd page on notability .	1	2	VBP	are	is
turkish historians tend to stress the NN of the crescent ( not JJ ) symbol among the early NNP states in asia .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
the genes associated with these diseases like NN , NN 1 , NNP ( NN associated protein NN ) and NN are also often associated with NN in the brain and its modification .	1	21	VBP	are	is
the general attitude toward the fairy doors is that of NN and JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the game allows you to race in 11 locations around the world in a variety of sports cars .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
october 2011 ( utc ) this project is no hoax .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
these events are opportunities for people in local speak groups to meet up with other people involved in the speak network .	1	2	VBP	are	is
with the next olympics being held in london in 2012 , players need to born on or after 1 january 1989 .	11	12	VBP	need	needs
a tale that can be referenced by several articles is most useful .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
while the country has shifted toward a more JJ economy , the vietnamese government still continues to hold a tight NN over major sectors of the economy , such as the banking system , JJ enterprises , and areas of foreign trade .	13	15	VBZ	continues	continue
this notion is of interest only when dealing with JJ rings , since it can be shown that two JJ rings are NNP equivalent if and only if they are JJ .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the NN also covers news and rumors related to the NN and NN .	1	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the grounds contain restored buildings with period displays , including a stage stop house , NN shop , school house , powder house , several late 19th century NNS , a NN house and a NN making shop .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
superman after they leave the fortress is longer .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this important discussion about NN links continues at the foundation NN list .	2	6	VBZ	continues	continue
the best thing to do would be to say that sources report numbers from ranging from x to y and provide reliable sources that account for the range .	10	11	VBP	report	reports
the JJ model of the last revision comes with 64 NNP of video memory instead .	2	7	VBZ	comes	come
the commander VBZ pursuit force , leaving without his badge and gun , but the chief says that he will be back .	1	2	VBZ	quits	quit
this is something several responses have confused , even sometimes by the same NNS who later provider better NN , remember that in most places , the jury or judge is not asked to decide if a person is guilty or innocent .	37	38	VBZ	is	are
these may be things like donations to NNS , employee fringe benefits , NNS , rebuilding , JJ NNS or VBG ( these examples may not apply to a specific organization where the respective activities are key for JJ survival or JJ success ) .	34	35	VBP	are	is
open world ' mode is not available on either the NNP NNP or nintendo NNP versions .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
models of signals ( such as threat displays ) without any VBG costs show that conventional NN may be RB stable in biological communication .	0	13	VBP	show	shows
members of movements such as NNP NNP , who view the NN use of hebrew as a form of NNP , use JJ almost exclusively .	0	21	VBP	use	uses
NNP à part is a 1964 NN film directed by NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article incorporates public domain text coming from new zealand from the reference .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
google hits , most of which are for pages that point to one blog .	1	6	VBP	are	is
admins , we need you to back us up in VBG the results of an rfc if the dispute resolution process is going to be effective .	0	3	VBP	need	needs
each allied organization has its own charter , officers , governance structure , etc .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
beer is good , NN is bad .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the addition of the NNP link is imo seriously problematic ; there 's no real link between these gang rape articles and that article where the main issue was VBG for NN , apart from the religion of the NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the project covers 61 featured articles , 10 featured lists , 97 good articles and a featured portal .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
a before a name VBZ that the person is currently in space .	3	4	VBZ	denotes	denote
most other values in the series , by contrast , are rare , especially the higher NNS , and for this reason as well the issue is held in NN by many collectors .	2	10	VBP	are	is
a local bus service provides transportation to and from the residence halls from campus and to locations throughout NNP .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
its branch is in JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
protect and survive NNP could VB and people switch off official broadcasts .	7	8	VBP	switch	switches
individual humans , their societies and their cultures are intermediate level NNS , created by the interaction of forces working upon us both JJ and NN .	1	8	VBP	are	is
NNP electrical activity is when the NN shows a rhythm that should produce a pulse but it does not .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first and last leg are just over 9 kilometers , and the middle stages are between 4 .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the class with the most points overall wins the silver cup .	1	7	VBZ	wins	win
all NNS in the custom range are fully JJ from finishes to NNS to VB design .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the process uses NNS of JJ lead and NNS of pure lead in an NN of NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
rs saying that a source has to be in english for it to be reliable .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the list of world JJ coins currently contains one ( 1 ) coin of nepal .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain
my concerns were not acknowledged , and templates are now under the control of a handful of NNS .	7	8	VBP	are	is
a source simply needs to be reliable enough to report on the contents of the myth , not to verify the myth as being true to science or history .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
its message is purely a spiritual one , an NN of the spiritual path , which is equally relevant in all ages and for all people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the stream then flows almost due west and is then VBN by u .	1	3	VBZ	flows	flow
but again , i believe you are completely out of order , i believe this image is clearly provided to be free , and that no adequate `` more free '' substitute is available .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
reply - the reason is that the article content has been VBN out is due to it being substantially copied from a copyrighted source without permission in violation of copyright policy .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
however , the concept of b movie essentially is .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
chapel of our lady of the big eye in the cathedral of NNP , and , above all , the facade of NNP , the cathedral santiago de NNP , in which movement , decoration and NN effects create JJ baroque .	37	38	VBP	create	creates
in western germany the child of an academic is 7 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP stating on his user page , `` hi my name is NNP a .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
quite RB , the file is not necessary to further understanding of the article .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
note that my comment is the only one of the answers that probably VBZ directly to the question .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her ability forces her family to move from one location to another .	1	2	VBZ	forces	force
these orders include setting county policies and procedures , VBG contracts , VBG NNS , and managing county resources and departments .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
at IN the railway leaves the NNP again , following the small river NNP in southeastern direction .	3	4	VBZ	leaves	leave
the park has 2 NNS , ( one being a water coaster ) and over 40 rides and attractions .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the span wing has an area of and NNS NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
when the water is JJ , there is many NNS present , such as swift NNS , sudden drop NNS ( which the creek is greatly composed of ) , etc .	9	10	VBP	present	presents
settlement in the area dates back to the NNP period .	0	4	VBZ	dates	date
religious teachings always act to VB advances in science and technology .	1	3	VBP	act	acts
NN surfaces make the normally VBN technology visible .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
my concern is that we are turning away readers ( who may later become valuable editors ) as a result of presenting them with a piece of NN every 2 minutes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the eastern and southern approaches have NNS selling books , good luck NNS , buddha images , NNS , gold leaf , NN NNS , prayer flags , NNS , miniature NNS and flowers .	4	5	VBP	have	has
NNP NNP 's format is usually a single black and white NNP sheet .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the third NN indicates a JJ ( 0 ) or VBN ( 1 ) NN edge .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
my NN stems from the fact that the global medical community is in fact RB VBG the use of disease NN in favor of names based on actual NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the most obvious celebration of NNP is the throwing of water upon others .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a 1950s NN building is also on the property , and a modern NN , NNS , and toll road building were added by the park system .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
almost all animals undergo a similar sequence of events during NN and have , at least at this developmental stage , the three NN layers and undergo NN .	2	3	VBP	undergo	undergoes
the other boys carry out equally JJ acts .	2	3	VBP	carry	carries
this has been confirmed RB , but the measurement is not precise enough to improve on other techniques for determining the JJ constant .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a major town on the river is NNP NNP , the capital of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ strip mall , consists of NNP plus movies too , sally beauty supply , dr .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
examples are the new NNP pure drive NNP plus NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
from a look at other articles , it seems that these NNS are only necessary in the info box .	11	12	VBP	are	is
just as the NN suggests , cold mix is a suitable material for the winter months and hot mix is used during the warm spring and summer seasons .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
for example , one person may hold a gun on the clerk of a convenience store while a second person takes the money from the cash register during a robbery .	19	20	VBZ	takes	take
this picture shows two possible configuration for an NN using high NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNP railway station is a railway station serving the town of NNP and village of NNP in NNP NNP NNP , wales .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBN words differ from general NN outside of language because of their deliberately JJ nature .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
the islands contain granite from the JJ period , as well as JJ limestone and sand from NNP periods .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
NNP mill stream ( kent water tributary ) a stream enters the kent water from the left below NNP mill .	9	10	VBZ	enters	enter
some observers refer to this as `` NNP , '' however , NNS prefer the name `` message NNP .	12	13	VBP	prefer	prefers
california 's CD state assembly district is one of 80 california state assembly districts .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
yes , an interaction ban is worth offering as an alternative but , in my view , it should be JJ on NNP and wider in its scope .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's NNP version adds variable valve timing , as does NNP 's NNP .	3	4	VBZ	adds	add
NN we do not usually delete notable topics simply because an JJ article needs work .	12	13	VBZ	needs	need
i will also have to add the source to the map as the current version does not show it - taken from the census maps and another reason why i thought that the source was the other branch ( as it is shown and the pond is not ) .	45	46	VBZ	is	are
NN celebrations are good for building community .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the type of JJ they are working with has all the properties of the strict JJ , and only the strict JJ .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
an executive session is for business which includes the president of the united states .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in JJ theories , JJ black holes are often small NNS of JJ black holes .	6	7	VBP	are	is
in india , people often eat food with their hands , and many NNS are used in every dish .	3	5	VBP	eat	eats
although god knows from the beginning of the world who will go where , the choice is still with the individual .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP your head '' is a song by paul NNP and the closing track to his 2007 album memory almost full .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
whenever an editor VBZ from one article to another on an unrelated subject , they 'd have to research to find out what the standards are before editing .	2	3	VBZ	switches	switch
branches of all major banks are present in NNP and there are numerous NNP as well .	0	5	VBP	are	is
though it is not mentioned in the hebrew bible or other bronze or iron age sources , the name VBZ part of the NNP NN of NNP ( NNP .	18	19	VBZ	preserves	preserve
the bridge 's lift span is long .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
compared to the JJ or JJ pages this article lacks information about notable matches , quotes from important entities from both sides or any other notable football related event .	8	9	VBZ	lacks	lack
the NN material is normally diamond and sometimes VB for their NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ and JJ sounds of a speaker driver appear out of phase from each other because they are generated through opposite motion of the NN and because they travel different paths before VBG at the NN 's position .	4	9	VBP	appear	appears
the college VBZ an even greater NN drive in the coming years .	1	2	VBZ	expects	expect
part 1 of 8 ) , ( parts JJ are linked ) .	7	9	VBP	are	is
do n't believe that this horse is notable enough .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
communication via devices like telephone , e-mail or chat is governed by technical restrictions , so that the way people express personal features etc .	19	20	VBP	express	expresses
that archive goes back to at least 1950 .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
features in development include NNP , a NNP situated film , directed by ron NNP and john NNP ; and a `` teenage space race '' film , directed by dean NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
JJ features are a type of abstract geographical feature - they appear on maps but not on the planet itself , even though they are located on the planet .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN leaf blades are long and thin , 1 .	3	4	VBP	are	is
keep the nom suggests that being best known for role on NNP turkey VBZ NN .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the NNP area includes a NN named prince royal meadows .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
philosophy has almost as many definitions as there have been NNS , both as a subject matter and an activity , and no simple definition can do it justice .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the chinese playwright NNP NNP used revenge as the central theme his theatrical work the NNP of NNP ; some modern societies use tales of revenge to provide NN , or to condition their members against acting out of desire for NN .	21	22	VBP	use	uses
the methods generally differ in the use of the right hand ( which , for example , is arranged parallel to the NNS in the free hands method and parallel to the strings in the touch system ) .	1	3	VBP	differ	differs
NNS become unstable after a certain amount of dna has been inserted into them , because their increased size is more JJ to NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the formula is valid in any dimension .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the three princes have many other adventures , where they continue to display their NN , NNS are told and , of course , there is a happy ending .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a JJ coin is also sometimes called NN coin .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in this case we want to look at the idea that fitness is measured by the number of children an NN has , regardless of their NN .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
NN drives are JJ engines that use quantum mechanics to VB NNS up to JJ speeds , giving such ships the name `` NNS '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ boarding capacity is for up to 1500 students .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the idea of conducting an experimental evaluation of the effects , as in the original announcement of a JJ trial beginning november 9 , now seems to be in NN .	1	25	VBZ	seems	seem
for a start , reading pages is what people do when using wikipedia for its primary purpose .	8	9	VBP	do	does
perhaps the most prominent former students are princess NNP and princess NNP , who attended the school while the dutch royal family was in exile during the second world war .	5	6	VBP	are	is
a google search appears to verify the existence of such a NN , but it is nothing related necessarily to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
my primary goal is really to be able to read chinese .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep valid article title , even if content is not great currently .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN of NNP stands at the point where the river meets the main waters of the harbour .	10	11	VBZ	meets	meet
former grounds include NNP , NNP , NNP , wells and the imperial tobacco ground in south bristol .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
dynamic NN across all devices to VB NN means that as additional devices are added to the NN , the NN width automatically VBZ to include them ; thus , all NNS in a pool are used , which VBZ the write load across them .	21	23	VBZ	expands	expand
one of the results of this interview policy being that some facts and dates regarding his earlier life are less readily available .	11	18	VBP	are	is
no , JJ tears would cause NN , and the article says he was really JJ .	10	11	VBZ	says	say
its people ( NNP ) appear in the NNP war under NNP , in close alliance with the NNPS , with whose name their own is often VBN , especially by the roman poets .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
the NNP ethnic group ( also NNP , NNP , NNP , ho , NNP NNP ) VBZ the mountainous regions of northern vietnam , mainly NNP an province southwest of NNP .	3	17	VBZ	inhabits	inhabit
its ' NN capacity is 45 tons and it will cut fuel consumption by around 10 NNS per hour .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
headquartered in NNP , this region includes all of the NNP plus the NNP and boundary countries , plus the main part of the NNP country ( excluding the basin of adams lake ) .	5	6	VBZ	includes	include
the village 's church , dedicated to saint NNP , dates to 1870 .	3	10	VBZ	dates	date
measurement uncertainty has important economic consequences for NN and measurement activities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ guinea , which consists of two islands ( the capital is on one ) but also a small piece of the mainland .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the citation really needs to be improved however .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
the core area is about 0 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
players obtain gold coins by buying them with real money or by selling items .	0	1	VBP	obtain	obtains
how the students ' lives turn out is left to the viewer to decide with the end of the film focusing more on anne 's life and the effect these encounters with the two students has had on her , and her relationship with her husband .	4	5	VBP	turn	turns
the average class size is only 4 students .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the records also indicate other former employees have not received some or all of their claimed back pay .	1	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
this JJ summer camp crusade is ridiculous .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the females are more brown than those of other subspecies .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the design is a subtle blend of the traditional and modern , the layout is formal ; there is an JJ water feature lined in stone with steps around the edge which may be VBN to use the area for NNS , NNS or exhibition purposes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the municipality is a valley surrounded by a chain of low mountains , most of which belong to the sierra de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
very high NNS cause NN release .	2	3	VBP	cause	causes
original elephant pearl is like a normal pearl with 1 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he said NNP NNP 's rules of behavior sometimes include violent crimes .	5	9	VBP	include	includes
although there has been a positive evolution , industrial activities still remain weak , VBN by the evolution of the market in this region .	9	11	VBP	remain	remains
four games into the 1989 season , jimmy johnson , then head coach of the dallas cowboys , came up with the idea to trade walker while on a morning NN with his staff .	1	11	VBP	head	heads
the commissioners court has direct control over all county offices and departments not otherwise administered by a county elected official .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
most metropolitan areas of the united states and canada are home to at least one alternative paper .	2	9	VBP	are	is
a gravity bike is a JJ bicycle meant for NN racing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG review websites NNP and NNP gave the NNP version 69 .	1	2	VBZ	websites	website
the goal is to never make a mistake of that magnitude again '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the pit crater they discovered is in the form of a NN above a lava tube , on the slope of the NNP NNP volcano .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the lyrics are by NNP walsh .	1	2	VBP	are	is
so far , the only JJ thing is the richmond thing , the rest are just blogs or links to the website .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP framework for NNP contains various NNP that act as cups NNS and allows the administration of classes , print NNS and print jobs ; it includes a NN wizard to assist with adding new NNS amongst other features .	2	5	VBZ	contains	contain
man is occasionally a designation for JJ characters .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the sequence is JJ to the 3 ' end of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it can be flown by one person though standard issue is three .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
its first official working day is the second wednesday of january each year .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
needs VBG as it can read as if the enemy controls the player to be vulnerable .	9	10	VBZ	controls	control
the flowers are mostly single , terminal , NNS white , much longer than the NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the idea that the middle ages was a `` middle '' phase between two other large scale VBG concepts , ancient and modern , still VBZ .	1	25	VBZ	persists	persist
her career high singles ranking is no .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ hospital is currently the primary site where volunteers are sent , both medical and JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's size and low profile makes it a difficult structure to study RB , as much of the volcano 's relief is JJ in orbital photographs .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
his genre paintings are RB more JJ than NNP 's , a fact which contributed to his NN from the royal painting institute , NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ system remains in JJ use .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
the most common type of planted tree species in the island is NNP , also known as NNP , which has fast growing roots holding the sandy land .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the signal box 's network rail designation is `` NNP '' .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the college preparatory level is for the strong average to above average student .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as far as we can VB , the sole purpose of human existence is to VB a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the music video shows the band playing in both a house and at a park at night .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the almost good man is a 1917 western film directed by fred NNP , released by universal pictures and starring harry carey .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the clan consists of mostly JJ NNS who use NNS , though it also has several guards , an NN , a NN , and a NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the main or front section of the building features JJ towers at the northeast corner and beyond the JJS bay of the west elevation .	4	8	VBZ	features	feature
the local public school division is NNP city public schools .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this episode follows days of future past , part 2 .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
many similar NNS to the NNP are also in current production .	2	6	VBP	are	is
RB , this may be evidence that several distinct linguistic phenomena have been called NNS , and that the concept therefore needs to be better defined to be useful in scientific discourse .	19	21	VBZ	needs	need
the landscape of the parish is largely JJ NN made up of low hills and valleys ; the soil is light and very sandy and the NN NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
however , i will say that all aspects of human development , both good and bad , are JJ without the development in modes of thought , whether this be logic , NN , NNS or NNS .	7	17	VBP	are	is
the JJ character is , more than anyone else , `` the person on whom the NN focuses ; the center of attention ; the man whose reactions dominate the screen .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
clay NNS are the most common type of ammunition and clay is sometimes added under the sight when the diameter of the NN is too thin for more stability and a better aim .	19	23	VBZ	is	are
this cabinet is dark and ugly , bringing darkness into the living room and their lives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the church at NNP dates back to the JJ monks but the existing ruined church is said to have been built by the monks from NNP cathedral in the 13th century .	1	4	VBZ	dates	date
three to five flowers arise each on groups of two to nine JJ branches .	3	4	VBP	arise	arises
the mayor is NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP brand is an example of foreign NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the university also offers the board of NNP ' engineering transfer program and the dual degree program in engineering with georgia tech .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
her stories include romance novels and JJ series for young adults , all published in chinese .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the skull supports the structures of the face and VBZ the brain against injury .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
non-free content , and it is a NN of VBG opinions , various levels of legal interpretation , and overall confusion , which only further NNS my belief that personal NN about what this policy means is no substitute for the advice of others .	34	35	VBZ	means	mean
these are rich in NN and thus the tree is a useful honey plant .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
each weapon , from machine gun to CD , has a different sound , NN and ammunition types .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
peninsula link freeway opens in january 2013 .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
in some cases , the surname is a variant of the surname NNP , in some cases , the NNS are derived from the scottish gaelic NNP , and irish mac NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the island has a mix of slate and granite ( see geology below ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , seeds with the JJ NN removed are mostly safe to handle .	2	8	VBP	are	is
a man falls in love with the pretty manager of a store of music instruments , whose business works badly .	17	18	VBZ	works	work
some people believe that this place will be called RP ' because it lies between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
my other half is from outside of morgan city , la , and his family still lives there .	14	16	VBZ	lives	live
the reliability argument is not RB convincing ; by and large NNS are probably more reliable than primary sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the station house is one story and made of brick .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i suspect there will be german coverage in a month or two as well , as review sites have a chance to review that edition .	17	18	VBP	have	has
RB JJ trading strategies are options strategies that make money as long as the underlying stock price does not go down by the option 's NN date .	3	4	VBP	are	is
cricket 's CD service uses sprint 's nationwide NNP network .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
public transport consists mostly of buses to NNP and NNP , but it is VBG , with new lines and increased NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
in general , early JJ texts contain very little JJ NN ; even in later texts , poetry tends to use more JJ NN than general language use .	5	6	VBP	contain	contains
NNP all those in whom the desire to VB is strong .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
at all other times , flight is typically direct using fast and VBD wing beats and without use of NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
after the time trial , the fastest 32 NNS ( fastest 16 if not 32 competitors ) compete in a knockout ( NNP ) VBP series in rounds of four .	8	17	VBP	compete	competes
the only view is through a fence where i took the photo or on the other side of the statue but that view offers less of the NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the tree VBG the NN stands JJ , reaching heights 40 to 50 feet ( 12 to 15 m ) from the ground , distinguished by a short NN trunk that is about 3 feet ( 0 .	1	5	VBZ	stands	stand
VBN NN NNS are also available to the public .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this kind of NN is a JJ NN at the fact that some jokes are RB VBN , often by professional NNS , to different circumstances or characters without significant innovation in the NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
all versions and episodes of double NNP still exist and have been seen on nick gas , including one episode of the fox version of family double NNP .	1	8	VBP	exist	exists
the leagues own website states that their home NN is in broken arrow .	1	2	VBP	own	owns
since the template is a JJ template , the only logical place it could be VBN is to the next higher JJ category on the hierarchy , that is , .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
transport in NNP is most advanced in australia , hawaii and new zealand , though all countries in the region have faced difficulties in providing facilities due to their low population density .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
this NNP 's eighteen up population is 51 , CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the building consists of five floors including a basement , which has several tunnels leading to various places around downtown nashville .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
rural telephone service is available via satellite in the municipalities of NNP , NNP , NNP de NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
delete failed game show contestants are not notable .	4	5	VBP	are	is
other species in this NN include h .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the parent body , probably a JJ NN , is unknown .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
RB , the marks are more JJ , deep brown centered with JJ brown .	3	4	VBP	are	is
players also control automated ships through VBN command sequences in order to patrol areas , assist in combat or engage in trade of NNS even while a player is JJ .	0	2	VBP	control	controls
stories of birth , tragedy and building NNS VBP , as the play charts the personal tales of various characters and their NNS on the JJ day .	12	13	VBZ	charts	chart
a JJ value is near CD , CD , CD instead of CD , CD , CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some birds , particularly young ones , are difficult to VB to species .	1	7	VBP	are	is
a weekly address or speech is on offer for the youth .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this damage is responsible for NN and for an increased NN production .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the institute has five office locations in california in the cities of sacramento , santa ana , oakland , riverside , and san diego with its headquarters based in sacramento .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in the presence of a passive audience , an individual is in a JJ state of NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the 2010 NNP NNP season is NNP NNP 's seventh consecutive season in j .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
armstrong 's NNS are a set of NNS ( or , more precisely , NN rules ) used for NN all the functional NNS on a JJ database .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her parents have a shop called NNP motor in NNP .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the total length of the NN is while the NNS are long .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS report the possible detection of a new JJ particle , NNP ( CD ) , a NN which may be the first NN to have been observed RB .	0	1	VBP	report	reports
your observation is not just a NN ; it is a well-known old result .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this park is a well kept secret and it is a weekend NN for NNS , NNS and rock NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this section of the highway passes through brown and NNP counties .	1	5	VBZ	passes	pass
travelling up on the train to NNP , the two candidates meet and while she quickly works out who he is , he remains JJ of her true identity .	10	11	VBP	meet	meets
the most important aspect of this is a dental impression into which the NN flows a JJ dental stone to create a NN of the patients anatomy known as a dental model .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the egg mass released by the female contains between seven and 30 eggs , and is roughly the consistency of a thick NN NN .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
news results often include press releases , which are not neutral , independent sources .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNP gene can be recognized only in `` JJ '' horses ; it determines whether black color is uniform , creating a black horse , or limited to the NNS of the body , creating a bay horse .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
mel , buck , NNP one guy VBZ PRP .	6	7	VBZ	replaces	replace
this classification is JJ of long-term outcomes of patients after JJ JJ intervention .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on windows , NN NNS appear in the system NNP .	4	5	VBP	appear	appears
fewer than half the entries have articles .	4	5	VBP	have	has
support - problems with coi are not enough to not give this user the bit .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the distance between falling water NNP and NNP falls is less than a mile .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
in a NN , a soldier ( NNP NNP ) watches as an NN shaped vessel NNS from above , carrying rows of JJ statues .	5	10	VBZ	watches	watch
adults are light grey with a NN NN or entirely VBN with JJ .	0	1	VBP	are	is
also i find it weird that the problem occurs exactly on turn of the century , which to me suggests the JJ year could be the NN .	7	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
my feeling is that we should probably be JJ and not include somewhat JJ speculation from news sources .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fl and even if you remove the two duplicate coaches , this list still passes that .	12	14	VBZ	passes	pass
one argument against such a policy is that it would VB the poor , who could not afford to spend much money on police .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
he is buried in the hollywood cemetery in south memphis , where his grave bears two NNS , the second purchased by fans .	13	14	VBZ	bears	bear
the second document is the 7th century NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the term RB describes policies and practices which may help some people feel more comfortable about traveling by bicycle with other traffic .	1	3	VBZ	describes	describe
the balance of trade is heavily in favor of saudi arabia , thanks to its oil and gas NNS to indonesia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
as she is taken to have the last of her memories VBD , a mysterious man called edge , leader of the NNS and a man she only VBZ over her JJ device , helps her escape .	15	34	VBZ	helps	help
not every published author or scholar with a phd is notable .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the design works reasonably well as it is , and that 's all the reason you need to have it passing on through generations of human beings .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the king 's men kill the queen and all of the NNS of louisiana except for eric , who VBZ in exchange for his life and the lives of all under his protection .	3	4	VBP	kill	kills
the island is about long and wide , and is mexico 's largest caribbean island .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the collaboration is certified when 3 editors join .	6	7	VBP	join	joins
by the way , this article is not true , NNP has won no such prize and still continues to be broke , with his wife NNP and dog named tony .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the fourth source you refer to ( 50 influential blogs et al ) is a dead link , NNP .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
though this request is not about that drama specifically , it is about your conduct in the topic area in general ; this incident , though a bit old , is recent enough to demonstrate a pattern of problematic behaviour on your part .	23	30	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN '' NN between may and october , before their JJ organs are fully mature .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the article VBZ together a few sources that use the words `` fox '' and `` effect '' near each other , but it 's unclear that the term itself is worthy of its own article .	28	30	VBZ	is	are
NNP borders it to the south , and both NNS and NNP border it to the east .	1	12	VBP	border	borders
the NN boundary layer is able to remain attached to the surface of the ball much longer than a JJ boundary and so creates a JJR NN wake and hence less pressure drag .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a pressure reactor is a special application of a pressure vessel .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP ) this form is equivalent to a virtual source configuration at a location a imaging JJ NNS at a location b .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the town is south-west of NNP , north-west of NNP and NN of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after all , any excuse to VB the result VBG change will serve their position for retaining the status NN , so the motivation for NN in favor of NN is strong .	23	30	VBZ	is	are
the club 's senior teams compete in the melbourne winter baseball league and its NNP compete in the NNP district baseball league .	4	5	VBP	compete	competes
the film follows the lives of artists and artistic NNS who VBP a NNP `` NN '' neighborhood , as each tries to be true to their own creative NNS even if such dedication results in NN .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
if a topic is notable , then yes , i believe the consensus is to include a page about it regardless of how narrow it is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the park is a popular destination , along with its neighbouring park , NNP beach .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
latin forms include NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the architectural descriptions within the novel tend to break up some of the aspects of the plot , but they serve to show how the tower has changed over time .	2	6	VBP	tend	tends
today 's NNP systems are JJ in china , often incorporating all ink VBZ into one VBD container .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the song `` a flower in the desert '' is a JJ version of `` flowers in the forest '' originally recorded by NNP 's earlier group the southern death cult .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the entire universe inside NNP NNP where members of the NNP race , NNP , NNP and other kinds JJ encyclopedia , NNP , 2007 ( for more information on the different species go to list of characters in NNP ) .	7	33	VBP	go	goes
the image may be redundant for this particular article , in which case it could just be removed , but if other articles also link to it then it should be corrected .	22	24	VBP	link	links
according to buddhism in south asia ; `` the only two JJ nations in south asia are sri lanka and NNP .	12	16	VBP	are	is
the places include a train station , a NN , a NN , and more .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the company offers products and services VBN specifically for the united states and australian markets .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
this sort of JJ JJ JJ attitude appears to be their only means of responding to differing editorial opinions .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
another possible translation is `` food season .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
tv roles are just enough to get him over the line on notability .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP 's old ground at the village recreation ground remains in use today for local league football and is also used by the village cricket club .	3	9	VBZ	remains	remain
another book , a presidency in NNP by robert NNP , says that in spring 2009 NNP and chief economic adviser larry summers believed that they could not VB , VB , and break up NNP because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so .	1	11	VBZ	says	say
his father also runs a NN business .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
the film then VBZ to betty in the apartment , reading a love story to the NN .	1	3	VBZ	jumps	jump
i have checked the other NNS , and in most cases the links are only RB linked to the site , or again , general or search pages .	12	13	VBP	are	is
NNP cells ( from the greek NN , hard ) are hard and tough cells with a function in mechanical support .	1	10	VBP	are	is
reads but neither speaks not writes gaelic 61 0 .	3	5	VBZ	writes	write
wiki article is wrong , or it is a hoax , or he was non-notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lack of descriptions of war simulation games is the biggest hole in our article on board games .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS show some variation , but are generally intermediate in most characteristics between the two parents .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the NNP 's national air and space museum , the baltimore NNP , the NNP NNP museum in vermont as well numerous corporate collections nationally own and display original NNP sculptures .	23	25	VBP	own	owns
wild west - this era features the NNS as NNP , NNP , and miners .	4	5	VBZ	features	feature
neighboring districts are ( from the north NN ) hat NNP and NNP of NNP province and NNP NNP of NNP province .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the university offers degrees in five colleges .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the song is also the basis for a marc NN song called so long the path ( so wide the field ) featured on his 2003 album of russian songs heart on snow .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the solution is designed to provide temporary light duty for injured employees with restrictions , in situations where the employer is unable to accommodate the injured employee .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of increasing inventory turns is to reduce inventory for three reasons .	1	5	VBZ	turns	turn
the template mentions things like NN , so it will get used for that .	1	2	VBZ	mentions	mention
i think by now we know what a representative , parliamentary democracy is .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
that particular chapter said all the major scientific institutions in the us with a bearing on the subject agree that climate change is due to human action .	8	18	VBP	agree	agrees
and to be honest , sometimes a positive change begins with either a broken egg , in the form a good breakfast meal , or a lone man standing before a NN tank .	8	9	VBZ	begins	begin
in operation , the JJ differences between the model CD and the model CD are the model CD 's lower NN to induced noise , and a delay between operation of the speed control and the actual change in speed .	5	14	VBP	are	is
the church is considered a major example of NNP baroque , but the architect is unknown .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
his only edits not directly related to the NNP dig group are a few minor changes to NNP NNP .	2	11	VBP	are	is
the main event of the cow NNP is the NN involving 2 , 000 squares and a cow 's pick as to where she will VB herself .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
not even sure how to deal with this one - no valid sources exist .	12	13	VBP	exist	exists
the most extensive treatment of NNP NNP , including the collected fragments , is that of the italian scholar p .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
a zone is a group of NNS in a district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rise of america 's prison empire , said that while the NNP and other agencies operate many types of NNS and NNS in texas , `` if any unit stands for the rest , '' it would be NNP .	29	30	VBZ	stands	stand
NNP is an international movement by many separate organizations whose goal is to reach out to teens and young adults .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
chain NNS are attached to NNS and NNS at their enemy , their name basically a JJ NN of what these creatures do .	21	22	VBP	do	does
in her view , iran 's leaders are `` religious NNS '' who are `` JJ to reason '' and who `` would be happy '' to bring about an JJ end of days .	6	7	VBP	are	is
examples include magazine subscription , and bank transaction .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the problem is that some of these rs require expensive NNS and consequently , not all libraries stock them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the basic problem is a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the origin of the woman calling herself NNP is still unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
civil engines have JJ lp NNS , the number of stages being determined by the bypass ratio , the amount of ip compression on the lp shaft and the lp turbine blade speed .	1	2	VBP	have	has
unless VBN , a treaty VBN by the NNP nacional remains in force for portugal .	4	10	VBZ	remains	remain
in 1955 , the military occupation of west germany ends .	5	9	VBZ	ends	end
an electric piano is an electric musical instrument .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ encyclopedia is more important .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the central american NN forests occupy an area of , extending along the mountainous NN of central america , extending from the sierra NNP de NNP in mexico 's NNP state through the highlands of guatemala , el salvador , and honduras to central NNP .	4	5	VBP	occupy	occupies
the link to the place where people can roll money in is as important as all the other links put together .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the church features a timber facade and gothic architectural design , with a small adjacent cemetery .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
all rules guide the NNP NN in the application and practice of RB principles .	1	2	VBP	guide	guides
the unusual formation allows several different attacks , one of which is a rushing attack , which , thanks to the short NN needed , is practical in a way that is n't on an ordinary play using this formation .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the ground colour of the NNS varies from orange brown to VBN brown .	2	6	VBZ	varies	vary
defining the second highest NNS on each continent is a bit more complicated , because the continental definitions become critical .	17	18	VBP	become	becomes
the discussion on the talk page is n't any more JJ either .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a mobile NN is an electronic ticket VBN and or delivered to a mobile phone that can be VBN for financial NN or NN when purchasing product or service .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the verses arrangement features NNP NNP 's acoustic guitar carrying the song 's changes , VBN by a JJ rhythm section and soft , VBG organ .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
in fact , i think one of the greatest intellectual NNS that many have had over these decades is the whole right and left thing -- NNS are on the right , communists are on the left .	32	33	VBP	are	is
the 1999 film , much like the 1988 one , also gives the impression that during the duel sequence NNP deliberately shoots to kill .	2	11	VBZ	gives	give
other religions represented include NNP 's NNP ( based on the texts of hindu NN to shiva ) .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
when the time comes for her to move out , she refuses and admits that she made a mistake and admits having been married NNP , who lives with his NNP brother , NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) and his wife , NNP ( NNP NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
williams ' CD total yards , the team 's CD total yards , and the team 's CD JJ yards all set new team records .	4	21	VBP	set	sets
these dna damages include the JJ JJ JJ ( JJ ) , JJ and JJ breaks , JJ NNS and NN NNS ( reviewed in NNP et al .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
g acts on x - show that the number of NNS is either 2 or 3 .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
his descendants still live in the county .	1	3	VBP	live	lives
the church is at present open NNS from NN to 1 p .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both programs place NNS in the front line of defense against bringing JJ foods into the united states .	1	2	VBP	place	places
greatest guitar tracks , stating `` this song has an NN which would n't be out of place VBG in the end of the world '' .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
other NNS indicate that NN is just as likely to get people to start working early as late and the focus should be NN .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
the river has a discharge of 24 , 000 JJ feet per second , making it the second most JJ river in the municipality after rio NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN NN technique works quite well on a NN in the standard NNP NN , especially playing in the key of c or the key of g .	3	4	VBZ	works	work
delete this article is beyond saving from a simply JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cliff feels that he no longer can VB with the trial and is RB found guilty for VBG alex .	0	1	VBZ	feels	feel
each NN has a slightly different focus , but most breed primarily for show jumping and NN , though many include combined driving and VBG as well .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
alternatives include the pay per click , a .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
as of 2011 , the JJ branch of what was the NNP NNP company continues to produce NNS and associated parts .	6	14	VBZ	continues	continue
fair use in NNP ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
all league champions within the NNP league system have the right for direct promotion .	2	8	VBP	have	has
the series is produced by uk animation company king NNP films , whose other shows include NNP , NNP , and mr .	14	15	VBP	include	includes
he believes that friendship is JJ due to a past experience in which he was VBN by his best friend .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
when the plasma gas begins to flow , the NN is blown forward .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
right now , my research involves mainly local history , so my contributions to wikipedia have tended to involve the midwest .	4	5	VBZ	involves	involve
support - this even covers the optional criteria for NNP of having the same layout between articles , well done .	0	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the anon above that 's posting JJ posts is n't her , so NNP 's ( one of the NN blocking admins ) comment that he 'll block her till NNP should n't apply .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
launched in 1995 , the triumph NNP 900 was VBN to create the impression of an JJ triple although the NN up front shows it is clearly a JJ machine .	22	23	VBZ	shows	show
initially , the story VBZ NNP as a JJ young man VBN with money , interested in helping others only if it means getting paid for it later .	3	4	VBZ	portrays	portray
native trees and animals are at risk as changing temperatures and weather patterns alter the basic NNS of life , food , water , and shelter .	1	4	VBP	are	is
specialist programs typically are not as focused on behavior modification as JJ programs are .	1	3	VBP	are	is
it later changed ownership to thomas NNP and became known as NNP ; the building is these days a category i heritage listing registered by the new zealand historic places trust .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
his style , which was praised even at the publication of `` nathan NNP '' , is often light and JJ .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
the news VBZ the balance in the evans household , and his relationship with barry severely suffers as he is devastated to learn that his father was JJ to his dead mother .	12	16	VBZ	suffers	suffer
the topic of welfare commonly NNS during conversations and one example of this is when NNP and NNP are on their first date and NNP makes a comment about NNP , her children , and welfare .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the airport serves the cities of stevens point , NNP , NNP , wisconsin rapids , tourism communities in northern wisconsin , and the smaller NNS of NNP , NNP , NNP , and five corners .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
his debut album the high NNP was released on the eastern conference label to some praise , although some felt that NNP 's beats were too dark for NNP 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	album	album
the design of the flag has three horizontal stripes of yellow , green and red with a JJ white star in the middle .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
a NN is a sequence of counting NN to indicate the seconds , days , or other time units remaining before an event occurs or a NN VBZ .	22	23	VBZ	occurs	occur
JJ seconds are announced in advance by the international earth rotation and reference systems service which measures the earth 's rotation and determines whether a JJ second is necessary .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
new NNS include NNP the elephant , who can VB up water in her trunk to VB enemies with , and NNP the parallel bird who flies directly above the players character and can be used to collect JJ items .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the intersection lists in the NNS are actually somewhat redundant , given that we have a full table further down where i think the use of the shields could be more easily defended .	2	6	VBP	are	is
blp concerns push this clearly onto the delete side .	1	2	VBP	push	pushes
that source is not independent of the subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the function of this protein is unknown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
when the slide is fully to the rear , it is stopped by the fully VBN NN spring .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , this evidence is not JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
see , this is the part that VBZ me off about wikipedia ; editors get a bug up their NN about the nature of a thing , and nothing short of a JJ NN can VB it loose , even when they are wrong .	13	14	VBP	get	gets
as the year VBZ , claire forms NNS with NNP , NNP , dylan , and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
also , whatever JJ plants are there can be buried and could eventually become coal .	4	5	VBP	are	is
thanks for your edit ( and for actually reading the nomination ) - if the VBN version is particularly popular i can VB from the original and put it up at a higher NNS .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
some newer NN technologies use magnetic NNS and require no NN , for example the NNP NNP range of JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	use	uses
in the last book , the style RB changes .	6	8	VBZ	changes	change
the title is a play on `` le NN NN '' , or `` the NNP complex '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the player with the lowest score wins the JJ pot to that point , with tied sets of rounds VBG through a subset of rounds .	1	6	VBZ	wins	win
the school 's colors are purple and white ; its athletic teams are the bears .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a separate rationale is required for each article in which the image appears .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
some islamic cultures consider NNP NN to last three days and NNP JJ to last for four , but this is not part of original islamic teachings .	2	3	VBP	consider	considers
one scholar estimates their numbers at 200 , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	estimates	estimate
a version recorded by the actor NNP miller varies slightly from the book .	1	8	VBZ	varies	vary
NNP division is a revenue division in the NNP district of tamil nadu , india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as blank rounds are shorter than live rounds , live rounds will not physically fit into the blank magazine .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the novel is set at an archaeological NN in iraq , and JJ details VBP from the author 's visit to the royal cemetery at NNP where she met her husband , sir max NNP , and other british NNS .	13	14	VBP	derive	derives
the tool typically has two NNS , one three feet away from the receiver , and another at five feet from the transmitter .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
industrial NNS have both criminal and civil NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
route CD , the only highway through the breaks area , crosses the river some 20 miles downstream on the fred robinson bridge .	0	11	VBZ	crosses	cross
the concept is not JJ as it contains an independent criterion of fitness .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the agency is responsible for development and operation of NNP , a national portal for digital communication between state , businesses and inhabitants .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an exception is the victory over the island of NNP when the NNPS used a new form of JJ which involved connecting their ships in groups of four and attacking the greek ships .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP hypothesis has its origins in work by NNP et al .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the interviews offer a variety of NNS on the project .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
specifically , jail VBZ a person 's liberty and an absolute liability offence is not in accordance with the principles of fundamental justice .	2	3	VBZ	violates	violate
these letters provide an outstanding record of the lives of a class of NN that were largely VBN by contemporary historians and NNS .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the `` RB variable '' portion of the NNP is what makes it stand out as a serious evolutionary step in the world of NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
while her stories include many of the NN , JJ characteristics of the NN genre , she further specializes in this exploration of the JJ relationship between technology and the NNS of the human mind .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
i like your idea of subject NNS rather than NN for some users , and your last point is very important .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
reminiscent of NNP NNP , aunt v asks where the shoes are and NNP refuses to answer .	10	11	VBP	are	is
it is unlikely NNP will ever release any images as this game is 19 years old .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
examples of NNS that use this mechanism are NNP JJ virus ( NNP ) and NNP spotted JJ virus ( NNP ) .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the ground has a capacity of CD spectators , with 200 on seats or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the current entrance to the theater is the former alley entrance , replacing the original entrance on washington street , which was converted into retail space .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
but , loss of control is not JJ and without symptoms .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this building is now marathon house converted from offices to NNS in 1998 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
june 2009 ( utc ) i have VBN although i note that private NN lists have a poor track record at wikipedia .	14	15	VBP	have	has
NNS also include 25 NNP NNP , who were founding members of the st .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
the arms show three JJ NNS , since NN has been a long tradition and industry in the municipality ( see NNP NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the earliest document about them dates from the 15th century ; this is their legendary NN .	2	5	VBZ	dates	date
the help page is only for the editing of wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the citizens of NNP go to NNP , NNP or other green places around where the NNP flowers grow .	17	18	VBP	grow	grows
ray goes to the NN , RB taking a NN from a black man .	0	1	VBZ	goes	go
the most severe punishment by juvenile court is imprisonment till the age of 20 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
now you need to see whether these issues exist in the wording itself .	7	8	VBP	exist	exists
the great NNP board comprises founders matthew NNP and robert noble , director mike large and financial director NNP pike .	3	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
this category includes NNS from the NNP islands .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the trail is a series of seven bronze NNS depicting NNP 's past and incorporates the designs of west midlands artist NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for the next two or three days , the subject remains unconscious in NN of NNS .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain
the JJ conflict comes in the form of a NN taken by NNP that he will not marry a girl , who VBZ at his father .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
her most recent movie is in the 2005 film kiss kiss bang bang .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the album 's title is a play on words , combining the name of the mozart NNP opera NNP fan NN with the name of the italian NN NN ( also the name of a little richard song ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reference is a web article with previously JJ photos , and the material is available elsewhere only by reference to the original article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such examples include doctor services , surgical costs , NN costs , medical equipment , physical therapy , and laboratory tests .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the official colors of the NNP are grey , black and white .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the few RB identified wolf remains were thought to have been transported to the cave system by NNS for consumption .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
the fact that the subject of the article does not continue to use the title is enough evidence to prove that he does not wish to use it .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
this type of burn bed is similar in construction to a typical water bed , except the surface covering of the water pool has a large amount of NN and extra NNS of material around the NN of the pool .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
both NNS are active , cause NNS every 600 to 900 years , and could cause ground NN of up to .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the above example , all the articles belong to the same category .	7	8	VBP	belong	belongs
history section is particularly JJ and has little about the report the scale was first published in , for instance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
previously , it was thought safe to withdraw from the diet in the late teens or early NNS , after the central nervous system was fully developed ; recent studies suggest some degree of NN and a JJ diet is now recommended .	29	30	VBP	suggest	suggests
you would never be able to tell that more than half of the cd is all JJ , JJ moments .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
the average high temperature is , with overnight low temperatures VBG .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
WDT fails to do so VB a fault and so loses a point , then the opponent serves .	16	17	VBZ	serves	serve
the articles are excellent and JJ , though there must be twenty people who 'd like to change them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a secondary plot resembles a comedy of NNS as it VBZ the national differences between americans and NNPS , both represented in a somewhat JJ fashion .	2	3	VBZ	resembles	resemble
banner goes after the spy but turns into the NNP .	0	1	VBZ	goes	go
this process starts with the tagging of the article with an afd template .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the mine has the form of a small oval , NN mine , either on the upper or JJ of the leaf .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
labour offices are to refer asylum NNS to jobs but the number of NNS is very low .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
other famous alumni include JJ guru del close , howard NNP who later went on to play dr .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the building boom continues today , with construction under way on the carolina first center and john NNP arena sports complex , the marion and NNP h .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
he will have just one week to learn this complex technique , which most NNS take years to master .	14	15	VBP	take	takes
again this person is not a figure worth having any wikipedia living person biography section dedicated to in the first place .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
forests are also providers of rainfall .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the cemetery remains on the site of the NNP national historical park in southern arizona .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the windows are JJ with brick NNS and VBD wooden NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a company CD NNP ( forward support battalion ) resides in NNP , louisiana .	1	9	VBZ	resides	reside
most scholars believe that one or more non JJ languages were spoken , prior to the introduction of JJ either in the NNP or bronze age .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
its appearance is RB similar to mount NNP in tibet .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
things are JJ enough at afd without deliberately adding to it .	0	1	VBP	are	is
as the NNP reactor is very tall ( about ) , the cost and difficulty of building a heavy NN structure prevented building of additional emergency NN structure for pipes on top of the reactor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN and safety of NN has been compared with those of NNP in NN NN patients to show that the two drugs have equivalent JJ effects .	22	23	VBP	have	has
this sentence leaves too much information out - the reason for the NN `` but '' clause is unclear .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
the group regularly holds demonstrations involving celebrities , activists and volunteers outside the store .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
NNP suggested , answer RB when people they trust ask and similar things like carry photos of their partners or family .	12	14	VBP	carry	carries
this sort of thing is what the sorts of links posted above do in the end when coming up with their estimates .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the head of the supreme people 's court of vietnam is chief justice .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the community should get a say on whether an admin keeps their tools or not .	12	13	VBZ	keeps	keep
the site claims to be the first NNP and that they VBP safety , privacy and efficiency .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the mission of the undergraduate film and television program is to VB NNS in the art , craft , and technology of film , television , animation , and sound production .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the court consists of twelve judges divided into four panels with three judges each .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
type species are very important , and no general JJ database has recorded the type species for all genera .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in developed JJ countries , the agricultural labour force has VBN to only a tiny fraction of the total NN , and manufacturing industries remain only as a minor part of total production ; the large majority of workers are employed in service industries .	23	24	VBP	remain	remains
another explanation is that the name was suggested by the wife of a NNP line official and comes from a fictional character in a book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the crew jump before the crash ; all 43 passengers die as the wreck burns too RB to allow NNS near for half an hour .	13	14	VBZ	burns	burn
in addition , the front cover art depicts the brooklyn bridge and new york city in NN with the great pyramid , the NNP of NNP , and the valley of the kings , which are in egypt .	6	7	VBZ	depicts	depict
in the next level , two angels play the NNS of judgment , and the NNS moses with NNP and david with solomon stand together with the fathers of the church .	6	7	VBP	play	plays
a great wedding follows and NNP becomes queen of the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
these NNS only provide visual support and do not bear the load of the building .	1	3	VBP	provide	provides
socialist youth is the youth section of the socialist party of ireland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i would question whether this person is notable .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if the book was not so controversial , then i agree that a NN section is not necessary .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the film depicts the social and gender relations and attitudes of its time .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
planned future experiments include the NNP spacecraft , which aims to produce JJ JJ maps of both the temperature NNS and NN signals , and various JJ experiments primarily intended to investigate JJ NNS and trying to detect the NN caused by JJ waves in the early universe .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the environmental movement today consists of both large national groups and also many smaller local groups with local concerns .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
their dances and festivals VBP around the agricultural seasons .	1	4	VBP	revolve	revolves
the population in 2003 is 4 , CD and the area is CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
that statement is , of course , RB true .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on the contrary , its configuration reveals a complex order that is VBN by its JJ nature .	5	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
my primary interest is investment research .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
see related article past NNS of columbia , south NNP city 's police force is the columbia police department .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
i doubt that secondary sources exist .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
a ferry passes between the villages of NNP and NNP across the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
these points , while earned and spent like currency , are not the same thing as the virtual currency provided by the game company for the virtual world .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the highway VBZ at the intersection of five roads close to the gates of the container port .	1	2	VBZ	terminates	terminate
moreover , this request also fails on the merits .	3	5	VBZ	fails	fail
NNP region supports a unique architectural style of residential structures .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
since most folks think ( RB ) that things with math and measurement are science , putting these questions in the JJ engineering NN NN cause more trouble than not .	2	3	VBP	think	thinks
the NN store 's mascot , NNP NNP , appears and uses his NN to silence the NN and stops chief NNP from shooting the NN .	4	9	VBZ	appears	appear
however his new commander quickly makes a mistake that would be JJ to NNP and the 6th cavalry .	3	5	VBZ	makes	make
the bill is pale JJ and the eyes are dark .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
individuals may feel that their ideas are less valuable when combined with the ideas of the group at large .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the point is , i think the NN is more notable than the , NN , NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since then diagnosis of the different forms of JJ NN and related muscle diseases has improved RB and the charity now provides support for more than 60 different JJ conditions , as well as funding many key research developments .	19	21	VBZ	provides	provide
so yes , she inherited her notability from anne NNP , and it is important to note that her book reviews are , for the most part from JJ parties who want to VB the gay away .	20	21	VBP	are	is
perhaps the first formal record of such creatures called `` FW '' or `` NNS '' comes from CD , when pedro NNP de león reported NNS from natives and from one spanish NN .	4	16	VBZ	comes	come
in the formal croatian order of NN used in ceremonial matters , the position of prime minister is the third most important croatian state office , behind the president of the republic and the president of parliament .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
in particular i am concerned that the article is not ( that i can find ) published by an academic publisher but is hosted on highly partisan websites ( although the sites in question are on opposite sides of the JJ v .	31	34	VBP	are	is
the license on this image is false .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the modern administrative subdivision into five wards follows the boundaries of the traditional quarters in the outer areas .	3	7	VBZ	follows	follow
the main river near NNP is the NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and housing are usually in a plastic housing which contains a gas entry hole for the gas and electrical contacts .	1	4	VBP	are	is
keep beach NN culture is clearly distinct from NN culture .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP bit 2 enables the NN behavior for all NNS .	1	3	VBZ	enables	enable
WRB VBP the NN of CD NNP is out of town ' as 'the NNS are here to stay ' , VBD into a 1960 revival of NNP 's oh , kay !	14	15	VBP	are	is
JJ acid starts the process , but NN and other JJ NNS do the main job of VBG all proteins , either plant or animal source .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
although the party 's primary base is still in maharashtra , it has tried to expand to a JJ base .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the cave is just outside the town of NNP in the state of NNP , near NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book is rich with JJ descriptions of the author 's NNS of NNP and hong kong , his learning of NNP and his numerous interactions with chinese people in hong kong .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one way to code all NNS is to set up a NN , mapping NNS ( 0 , 1 , NNP , 2 , NNP , 3 , NNP , .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a NN VBZ to eliminate duplicate code as much as possible - this is the identical situation .	1	2	VBZ	strives	strive
another VBG feature of indian hospitals is that women are mostly employed as NNS , VBG NNS , and admission NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
look , i know that these NNS are silly and all , but a bunch of editors going on strike can , RB , be just as disruptive .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the shipping routes pass through a JJ channel in central america called the panama canal .	2	3	VBP	pass	passes
today the suburb is home to many victorian and JJ homes , and a number of designs by sir herbert baker .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the creation of any article goes to boost search results .	1	5	VBZ	goes	go
the player who first reaches 0 points or less wins the game .	1	9	VBZ	wins	win
taking such an option is no guarantee a person will be able to register the domain name , merely that the person will be able to if the domain name becomes otherwise available .	29	30	VBZ	becomes	become
i have created plenty of articles since my NN and none of the refs have been problematic yet the NN is still in place , so NNS to it .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the two natural JJ NNS are CD ( beta decay , NN is 7 .	4	5	VBP	are	is
an inscription on the central face of the NNP NNP demonstrates NNP 's religious NN , it is a message from jesus VBG his followers not to consider this world as their permanent home .	1	10	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
winners of local competitions , in ritual and sports , may compete for state championships , and sometimes state winners compete at even higher levels .	19	20	VBP	compete	competes
the chorus of the song begins with the lyrics VBZ the NNS are showing after all this time ' .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the article as titled and constructed is totally JJ and seems to have a pov pushing agenda .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the city also hosts a regional branch of national bank of slovakia .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
the criteria call for references and inline citations , which this article has .	1	2	VBP	call	calls
the original is `` fair use '' without a rationale .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the thing to do is not to take a simple JJ approach .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the rim is not significantly worn or VBN , although there is a JJ NN along the southeast rim .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one NNP NNP wrote in NNP NNP 's 1985 book that , back in 1947 , while he was a math student at the federal bureau of statistics , he was tasked with producing the state 's total war casualties estimate by the foreign minister NNP NNP .	39	40	VBP	estimate	estimates
nevertheless as far as investigations go , i mind this not one single bit - i have nothing to hide .	4	5	VBP	go	goes
a win in NNP sends the NNS to NNP , as they hold the NN over southern california .	1	4	VBZ	sends	send
a person causes hurt when he or she causes RB pain , disease or NN to any person .	1	2	VBZ	causes	cause
he has created personal website , `` NN '' dedicated to helping young chinese people achieve in their studies and careers .	14	15	VBP	achieve	achieves
bed bugs are like head NN , not RB dangerous , but very JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the station is one of the second VBN in whole NNP line because of the downtown area near .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as in NNP , the JJ plate , the JJ front portion of the NN bone , is JJ and produced into a JJ process at the JJ margin .	6	17	VBZ	is	are
NNS ' research awards include a life sciences research fellowship , the NNP fellowship award , a NNP NNP award , and a NNP scholar award .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the thai authorities estimate that at least 8 , 150 are likely to have died .	2	3	VBP	estimate	estimates
in the language of NNS , this means that the NNP complex is exact .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
at the same time , the story of a second couple is told , whose relationship stands in stark contrast to the main story .	15	16	VBZ	stands	stand
and further tags show the celebration of a first ( and only ) NNP feast .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
the georgian JJ system ( ) is a system of representing numbers using letters of the georgian alphabet .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a domain is a field of study that defines a set of common requirements , terminology , and functionality for any software program constructed to solve a problem in the area of computer programming , known as domain engineering .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP sin independent students are loyalty .	3	4	VBP	are	is
friendship is magic ( 2011 ) while initially a NN , a background character in several episodes was noted as having an appearance similar to that of david NNP , the tenth doctor , as well as having a JJ mark of an NN .	0	1	VBZ	Is	Are
the problem of finding a NNP NN of a given group is an important problem in JJ group theory .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the nature reserve is home to a diverse range of wildlife , as well as NN for visitors and anyone wanting to explore the south side of the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
her NN names her NNP , while an 1858 history written using family information calls her frances NNP , relating that her father was a british colonel killed in the french and indian war .	9	14	VBZ	calls	call
although university of NNP remains the main host and administrative home , the project now has a technical infrastructure which uses donated services from others including the university of kentucky .	13	15	VBZ	has	have
no NN tradition is in play in any way for this period in these NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN was never VBN or VBN to any notable extent , however ; the JJ climate prevents the formation of substantial deposits .	15	16	VBZ	prevents	prevent
this NN is important for viewing a problem from different NNS and coming up with possible NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP floods are floods in indian state of NNP which triggered by heavy rainfall in the end of june in neighboring NNP pradesh state through NNP river and its NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in many cases the reactions take place in special JJ equipment at elevated temperatures and pressures with the use of NNS .	4	5	VBP	take	takes
because of their lack in stability even at low temperatures the reaction products revert to the original NN .	12	13	VBP	revert	reverts
also , there was the important issue concerning JJ NNS by wiki admins which find that certain JJ links are spam .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the system , which is a project of the workers ' activities program at the NNP training centre , also provides email and educational computer VBG services for NNS .	1	20	VBZ	provides	provide
panels 37 and 43 are not on display as part of the NN for lack of space .	0	4	VBP	are	is
this emphasis on truth should not be confused with precision ; it should be clear that VBG methods are JJ , while principles are not .	17	18	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , NN on NNP NNS , and NNP NNP , NNS ; the second part of the latter is in the possession of NNP NNP NNP in jerusalem .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP national bank is NNP 's largest retail partner .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
therefore , blp concerns make a list like this JJ .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
famous players during the successful era include NNP NNP , NNP NNP , anna NNP and NNP NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the NNP school contains classes JJ and the NNP school contains classes JJ .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
his gender is easily changed through means not under his control , so a costume which works on one gender often suddenly and RB becomes inappropriate NN .	14	24	VBZ	becomes	become
here , the period is how long it takes a button to go from pressed to JJ and back , and the NN rate is how often the game checks the button state .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
preservation as a formal profession in libraries and archives dates from the twentieth century , but its philosophy and practice has roots in many earlier traditions .	17	20	VBZ	has	have
that article is not long enough nor is the information about the pension or health plan decisions detailed enough to warrant separate articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
upon NN of orders for NN , the reserve members report to a navy NNP processing site for processing and screening to ensure they are fit for duty , and have no issues that will VB them from carrying out their primary mission .	9	10	VBP	report	reports
its seat is the village of NNP NNP , which lies approximately east of NNP NNP and north-east of warsaw .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the farm complex has 17 contributing resources including a frame cow barn complex , a timber frame horse and carriage barn , a light frame NN , a JJ sugar house , and a brick smoke house .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
many descendants of the tribe still live in their original homeland , in the kingdom of saudi arabia , but smaller numbers of the tribe live in some other countries , such as palestine , iraq , NNP , NNP and jordan .	1	6	VBP	live	lives
from about 25 days old , the young of these species gather in `` NNS '' or `` NNS '' of up to 100 birds in which parents VBP and feed only their own offspring .	27	28	VBP	recognise	recognises
unlike the rest of the republic where NNS account for the majority of the population , the district has a significant NNP population .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
regular buses are available from NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and new delhi .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first posted image has a very JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
oppose an arrest in this context is not front page material .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
comment the article has just recently gone under a major NN .	0	3	VBZ	has	have
single dvd releases are also available , which contain english and german episodes .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this answer is in four parts - general overview , personal aims and approach , arbcom handling , and summary , because the question NNS on so much ground .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
reason 's associate editor gives her view of NNP and the way wikipedia is organised .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give
the absolute minimum temperature stands at NN .	3	4	VBZ	stands	stand
the church tower is high , the interior NNS house three valuable altar paintings by wilhelm NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a collaborative robot or NNP is a robot that can safely and effectively interact with human workers in performance of simple industrial tasks .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
local products also include VBN cloth and NNS made by the NNP tribe .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
however , history is less clear on who his maternal grandfather was .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
notable battles involving vandal forces within the NNP army include the battle of NNP ( CD ) and the battle of NNP ( CD ) .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
the requests are generally for religious reasons and for health reasons , such as NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a JJ community ( also referred to as closed or JJ ) is one where the species within the community are JJ on each other for keeping balance and stability of the system .	16	20	VBP	are	is
the walls of the temple have JJ sculptures from hindu mythology including NNP , shiva and NNP while the NNS have paintings .	19	20	VBP	have	has
a computer study of over a million samples of normal english prose found that the longest word one is likely to encounter on an everyday basis is RB , at 20 letters .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
a separate published report on the safety and NNS of NN in human clinical studies VBZ that it has encouraging NN activity across a broad range of cancer types .	3	15	VBZ	concludes	conclude
later on , the film also VBZ rubber plantations in the NN and how the locals make use of the natural reserves for export .	4	6	VBZ	examines	examine
running NN is blackburn road , which holds most of the flow of traffic during JJ peak hour times , together with NNP road , as residents travel from their homes to the eastern freeway and into the city .	26	27	VBP	travel	travels
june `` all normal people love meat .	4	5	VBP	love	loves
there is some dispute about how important the effect is in the field of NNS , but it is a real , JJ experiment , if you do it right .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the western edge of this plateau country forms an NN along the eastern side of the jordan NNP sea depression and its continuation south of the dead sea .	2	7	VBZ	forms	form
an encyclopedia is an JJ tool , not a mirror of public NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this image is not one of charlotte henry .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the difference is that NNP , ip and NNP have replaced NNP as the fundamental switching and transport technology .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS to work on smaller robots , as they are easier to handle and people have more realistic expectations of them .	15	16	VBP	have	has
genres are a little bit subjective , but allmusic is an industry standard site that employs all the editorial expertise we like to see .	0	1	VBP	are	is
delete no sources make this NN regardless of its NN .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
the freedom riders bus is JJ near NNP , alabama , and the civil rights protesters are beaten by an angry mob .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in this trick , the quarterback carries out the same NNS , but moves the ball to the JJ hand .	5	6	VBZ	carries	carry
historically , the parish of NNP has its origins in a JJ ( charter ) that was issued by NNP NNP on 4 december CD .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
this NNP 's eighteen up population is CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the volunteers compete as part of the national collegiate athletic association ( ncaa ) division i football bowl subdivision .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes
current JJ personalities include NNS NNP NNP , mike stevens and NNP NNP ; NNS brian fitzgerald and john NNP ; traffic and entertainment reporter gloria NNP and numerous other field reporters .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
important NNS include the modern contact lens , the separation of modern blood types , and the production of the NNP plastic explosive .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
such a list is helpful to the serious dedicated student .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
high court judges also sit with lay judges in cases of general public interest .	2	4	VBP	sit	sits
the NNP portrait seems JJ to me , and some of the paintings .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
notably its beaches are a favorite location for VBG sea NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
major streets in the city centre core are , new street .	1	7	VBP	are	is
in mathematics , the three classical NNPS means are the JJ mean ( a ) , the JJ mean ( g ) , and the JJ mean ( h ) .	7	8	VBP	are	is
as their relationship continues charlie seems VBN up in work all the time to notice joey is still having a hard time .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
game 5 is clyde NNP 's final nba game .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
i would like to add that the space between NNS of matter in space is not quite a vacuum .	7	14	VBZ	is	are
the ultimate goal is to ensure that the organisation can consistently VB the right people , in the right place , at the right time , for the right cost and for them to be fully engaged .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in NNP `` NNP '' ( NN ) is not applicable as the beats are JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i see what you mean , although i believe the differences between the different notes are more subtle and more significant than just the color of the treasury seal .	10	15	VBP	are	is
NNP block is one of the administrative blocks of NNP district , NNP state , india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
part of the fun there is that in reality the JJ NN is far more sophisticated than the JJ simple thing ' that NNP VBZ it is , especially in its NN of roman NN at the height of its power .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the article is largely unsourced since august 2009 , and tagged .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whilst both these companies have been VBN by other groups , their respective NNS in NNP and NNP both still have local operations .	13	20	VBP	have	has
leaders among NNS wear a dark blue NN .	0	3	VBP	wear	wears
different sources incorrectly identify `` NNP no 1 '' , and `` NNP no 2 '' as the name of this vessel .	1	3	VBP	identify	identifies
NNS merge the JJ and JJ ; NNS do not generally merge these .	0	1	VBP	merge	merges
if a phrase is very JJ , i think it is better writing to rewrite it into new words , or to put it into quotes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the poison is not deadly , but it is strong enough to VB most creatures so they do not escape .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his contributions as an editor are excellent .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the parish church dates almost entirely from the 14th century and is renowned for its JJ church tower which stands at , and is crowned by an JJ NN with a JJ POS ' .	2	3	VBZ	dates	date
this operator also has a continuous spectrum consisting of the NNP NNP function .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
stage date route NNP 1906 , there was no distinction in the rules between plain stages and mountain stages ; the NNS shown here indicate that only the third and fifth stage included mountains .	21	24	VBP	indicate	indicates
the parish includes the settlement of NNP NNP ( or little NNP ) which lies to the south-west , and is the site of a JJ medieval village , defined by NNS and crop marks of NNS , hollow ways and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the executive body holds its meetings in the NNP NNP , near the NNP des NNP .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
some associates within the NNP group are NNP international , NNP brown international , research international , the added value group , NNP media research and NNP international .	1	6	VBP	are	is
a JJ settlement is where a person with life insurance sells NN rights to a third party who pays the premium until the JJ person 's death .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its current number one is `` we ca n't stop '' by NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the southern portion of the wilderness contains species from the NNP desert ( nevada ) , JJ and joshua trees .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP NN is largely similar to the japanese dish NN NN where the latter is not NN and uses fewer NNS , although both versions use JJ NNS of NN sauce .	24	25	VBP	use	uses
as the band explains on their website , `` music in the NNP culture has always been a JJ force - it brings families together on the front NN and at the parish dance .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
selling 10 copies per day is expected to eventually let the NNS VBP the minimum wage by 40 percent .	11	12	VBP	exceed	exceeds
he noted that `` a major current movement in psychology is away from vague , JJ cognitive structures to more JJ NNS .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
these extensions are in various states of completion but all extend the scope of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP NN NN comes into play where an accident of unknown cause is one that would not normally happen without NN on the part of the defendant in control of the object or activity which injured the NN or damaged his property .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
support for art education , however , varies greatly between communities and between schools in various cultures .	0	7	VBZ	varies	vary
but regardless of who wrote the song this entire topic is best covered on its own page .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
reasons provided for the NNS are the same as those used in the by country NN , as well as now reasons regarding consistency .	0	5	VBP	are	is
NNP format , the sony NNP looks like a compact camera with a NN lens , but has a larger sensor ; its NNP sensor is the same size as that of most ( amateur ) NNP .	1	6	VBZ	looks	look
since the release of their last full-length , the band has RB numerous changes , including a separation from NNP music , VBD the band decided to return to their indie status , deciding that a label with mainstream focus did n't understand how to market their distinct product .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
i 'm concerned that an article that is supposed to be about the NN it is more or less dominated by what its NN think .	5	15	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS include NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the sit gene family shows little or no NN to any other genes , even to genes in JJ NNS or NNS .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show
their patron saint is saint NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
high school freshman NNP NNP is forced to stop playing basketball at his school for a while when the team captain gets himself involved in a scandal for being suspected of being a NN and the club is disbanded for a year .	20	21	VBZ	gets	get
the third kind of witch is the most dangerous , as they VBP under the power of evil .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a hybrid electric vehicle ( NNP ) is a type of hybrid vehicle and electric vehicle which combines a conventional internal NN engine ( ice ) NN system with an electric NN system .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
unless you want NN to become a valid objection as part of the fac process , you need to provide arguments and evidence that the article is inherently unstable now .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
if you feel the book is notable , then the article needs cleanup , not deletion .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS frequently report that surgery takes less time and has lower risk of NN with JJ patients than with adults .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
if you store your NN on a single disk with no NNS , the most likely scenario is probably that you will lose all your NN or you will lose nothing .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
a distribution of power that prevents any one actor from VBG the rest is what he sees as the great insight of the NNP papers , an insight that remains fully applicable to international relations , despite changes in technology , NNS , and economic ties .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
this proposal has yet to receive policy NN across NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ warriors keep watch over the clans , usually watching the clan they lived in while alive .	1	2	VBP	keep	keeps
each year over 1000 girls try out .	4	5	VBP	try	tries
my objection to using such things as a reference is that they are third party vanity .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this day is well-known because of VBG for the NN of NNP ibn ali , the grandson of muhammad at the battle of NNP in the year 61 NNP ( ad CD ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the special collections department of the university of miami library holds 35 boxes of the papers of henry field relating to the `` m '' project and several archaeology expeditions .	3	10	VBZ	holds	hold
NNP forest incident - if someone wants to put in a more JJ NN then i guess that would be VBN .	2	6	VBZ	wants	want
since august 2011 , NNP editor in chief is NNP NNP .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
good editors give vote according to their own judgement .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
NNP 's concept dates to the late 1970s ; however , he originally called the character alien until the NNP scott film of the same name was released , at which point he VBD the character .	2	3	VBZ	dates	date
this award makes the department improve the quality of education , the opportunity of scholarship , and the facilities of experimental study .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
as of 2003 , the town has an estimated population of 8 , CD and a density of 18 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
sales ranks for his books at amazon seem to be well over 1 , 000 , 000 .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
some versions tell of the devil trying to stop god 's command from being VBN by visiting NNP , NNP , and abraham .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells
works of this JJ period include the ring ( ca .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
as natural NN is not enough to support livestock production , animal feed is produced as a crop or as measures to enhance natural NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another source of political violence of this era stems from the NNP prison camp .	1	8	VBZ	stems	stem
the a region appears to contain two long JJ structures each that include four NNS .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
like the north NNP - imperial valley line , the section of this power line east of the colorado river is path 21 .	10	20	VBZ	is	are
the JJ relationships are NN , NN , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its natural habitats are JJ waters and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a feature of JJ memory that VBG later NNS on is that it allows an agent to travel back in time .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
unless of course , the deity has did .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the festival is the first and only one of its kind in the united kingdom and currently takes place in both london and edinburgh .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the public interest theory claims state ownership of the press VBZ civil and political rights ; whilst under the public choice theory , it VBZ them by VBG public oversight of the government and VBG political corruption .	3	4	VBZ	claims	claim
a second point is that one of the comments , below , suggests that the title is wrong .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the current wellington square , the 10 freeway is the south border with west NNP on the west , NNP on the east , and washington NNP on the north .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the road continues northeast alongside the west branch NNP river and comes to a junction with pa 36 , heading east NN with that route .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
in many VBP grandfather NNS , the bearing for the NNP is JJ .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the collection is , as a result , on public view today in the museum of fine arts in budapest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at the JJS point of the arc the female releases some of her eggs to fall on the water .	8	9	VBZ	releases	release
their scientific name is from greek NN meaning `` many '' and NN meaning `` saw '' , a references to their prominent NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the dam VBZ an average of CD .	1	2	VBZ	generates	generate
according to russian sources , practical engagement range is about , although `` JJ range '' is at high altitude .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
bangladesh census , NNP has a population of CD .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
derived from a digital capture of the game discussed in this article ( creator of this digital version is irrelevant as the copyright in all equivalent images is still held by the same party ) .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
each city has a particular group of scientific NNS ( for example , NNP city specializes in aerospace technology and NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
to bring order to the city , NNP assumes the NN of NNP , and she discovers criminals fear her more as JJR than they do as NNP .	17	18	VBP	fear	fears
this elevated temperature and pressure is sufficient to VB samples of any commonly encountered NNS or NNS .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
each song has its own character and identity so we wanted to be able to bring that out as much as possible .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the opening now always spoken of as the NNS of NNP ' is very small in the healthy brain , but when water on the brain is present may be as large as a NN .	22	26	VBZ	is	are
the nom seems to have an issue with the concept , not as much the article , which could certainly use some cleanup .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the place to look is dispute resolution , not afd .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ cook in larger kitchen this person also reports to the NN and VBZ the JJ dishes .	6	8	VBZ	reports	report
minor swiss NN , the only references are NNS .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNP hard NNS are relatively quiet .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the player controls a single character from an overhead perspective and VBZ large outdoor areas and underground caves or NNS , VBG monsters and VBG NNS from NNP to gain experience points and equipment .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the trend promises to give one and all access to read and contribute to cutting edge scientific criticism and debate .	1	2	VBZ	promises	promise
iron NN remains JJ and JJ forms a NN .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
its seat is the town of NNP NNP , which lies approximately south of the town of NNP and north of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as far as i know , more information is available on NNP than the other reviewers .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
note that the violation is to require suspension of the individual ( and all their NNS ) on wikipedia , NN or not .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the building is across the chicago river from the chicago loop , the city 's business district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment professional wrestlers are NNS , not athletes .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the artwork by joe NNP and james madison , NNP tribal NNS indicates the significance of this site to many tribes , especially the NNP tribes of NNP county .	1	12	VBZ	indicates	indicate
written by television host stefan NNP under the pseudonym `` NNP NNP '' ( a reference to prolific composer ralph NNP ) , the song is a JJ parody of the NN style for which germany had become known at previous contests .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
this would be a claim that some things ( basic beliefs ) are true in and of themselves .	7	12	VBP	are	is
the NN family consists of trees , NNS , NNS , or VB ; most of them VBG JJ NN if injured .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
set on a fictional planet , NNP , and inspired by the japanese game NNP , the games feature JJ tactical battles played on a JJ grid .	17	18	VBP	feature	features
the problem with NNP for this is that this is a seven day debate .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
if each single behavior might not require admin intervention , the whole behavior shows a NN NN .	12	13	VBZ	shows	show
when women begin working at a company , their advancement can be limited by not having a senior level employee taking an active role in the development and career planning of junior employees .	1	2	VBP	begin	begins
this type of bird is very small , and there is no natural cover on a beach .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN album includes an unreleased track , `` black rain '' , taken from the NNP recording sessions .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the east end of the indianapolis subdivision is at the end of a branch of the cincinnati terminal subdivision , near the south end of the toledo subdivision .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a change is as good as a rest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the band plays primarily in the midwest and on the east coast of the united states .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the university has eight schools , CD students and CD faculty members .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
her frequent tears made some friends think she had a weak character and the NNP indeed shared this opinion .	5	6	VBP	think	thinks
another interstate road , NNP , is currently under construction .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the author , however , shows little power of NN ; his work , although clear , is JJ , and is strongly VBN with the NN of its century , the most JJ in french history .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
the stream meets big NNP creek in columbus , near south hamilton road at .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet
a speedy keep just puts things back the way they were yesterday .	2	4	VBZ	puts	put
if no one else VBZ to this thread in , say .	2	4	VBZ	responds	respond
company in india , no evidence of notability ; main reference is the company 's `` contact us '' NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
as noted above , in many cases a merge and redirect is an improvement when VBG - and maintaining - an encyclopedic standard .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
an academic NN is a qualified NN who VBZ the view that psychology is a scholarly and scientific enterprise , not an informal and JJ practice .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i also want to point out that the a7 tag is not exactly a mark of the subject being notable , but rather if there is any indication of why the subject is important .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
but soon the string of love gets the NNS and it breaks down .	3	6	VBZ	gets	get
this section is prone to flooding , and an alternative cycle route is available by crossing county bridge and following NNP street south to the bedford road NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS also differ from NNS in that they are physicians and only their NN training ( usually 3 to 4 years ) is in NN , and their graduate medical training is identical to all other physicians .	14	22	VBZ	is	are
the first movie is a NNP chase movie called man of the house .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these churches give an impression of a basilica .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
however , his most important work is in the area of governance and in working to ensure that problematic practices in wikimedia organisations can be identified and improved .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the pope says NN has in part given rise to damaging cultural NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the boom capacity depends on boom extension and NNS of truck NNS and boom NNS .	2	3	VBZ	depends	depend
the name of the band comes from the book in NNP sugar by richard NNP .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
a NNP NN of villagers and visitors NNS with another stream from VBG each christmas eve , in an attractive NN NN which continues onto NNP recreation ground where celebrations continue with an annual carol singing service .	29	30	VBP	continue	continues
a common problem , when dealing with living people , especially the `` barely notable '' is the `` rough '' language often seen in afd , and surrounding discussions .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
as i said before , your research foundation is solid , and i think my objections can be overcome , but you need to meet me halfway here .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this is not due to limited space , but because it has been proven that smaller class sizes allow for greater success later on , because the students get more attention from the teachers .	27	28	VBP	get	gets
the album is one of NNP 's most unusual in that every sound is the product of the artist 's voice .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that promise is the JJ 3 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
august 2009 ( utc ) image also appears in a different format here .	5	7	VBZ	appears	appear
tragedy on screen is as inappropriate as comedy on screen , and should be deleted too .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the parish church , dedicated to st peter and st paul , has a JJ foundation , but was rebuilt by the NNP family out of granite from NNP in CD and was restored in 1872 .	2	12	VBZ	has	have
the state of new hampshire is also part of the boston television market .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
model horses or toy horses are scale NN of real horses and are highly JJ .	1	5	VBP	are	is
speedy delete - if the company is JJ , then some JJ editor ought to create a new article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
such influences are stronger in NNP , and JJR in NNP , in forms absorbed by local and byzantine tradition .	1	2	VBP	are	is
considered one of the finest surviving greek revival VBZ in america , the house is a JJ survivor of old new york .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
after allowing the cement to dry , the pieces are sometimes acid VBN to VB the high ph of the materials , and then allowed to VB in clean water for one or more months .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the property also includes a carriage house , a NN pen , a smoke house , a corn NN , a stone wall , a cedar JJ fence , and the remaining of the original farm .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
our hero is JJ with the NNS so their in the same reference frame .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
young birds are grey and brown above , with JJ NNS and a dark patch through the eye .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no article appears to exist - 2010 NNP mining accident would be my first choice for article title .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
other awards that the newspaper has won in the past include best local news coverage and best editorial page .	1	10	VBP	include	includes
the development consists of roughly five major sections .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the only other form of fish closely related to NNP is the rio NNP , which also occurs in arizona .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
it is not clear how many elements beyond the expected island of stability are physically possible , if period 8 is complete , or if there is a period 9 .	18	20	VBZ	is	are
in addition , because there is no governing body to set standards for traditional square dancing , each NN decides which basic movements and dance figures he or she will use .	18	19	VBZ	decides	decide
the juvenile growth rate is high for a shark ; males and females mature sexually at around , respectively , in darwin harbour , and , respectively , in shark bay .	10	13	VBP	mature	matures
for my van the NN box is totally different from the one in the book , now how can i find this book to show me were all the NNS goes too .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in either case , my opinion is that all of the NNP ips and multiple other NN ips will be blocked using this new blocking form , VBG anonymous editing .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this entity presents itself as a publishing house .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
other lines that may be VBN are the JJ , JJ , JJ and JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is
a NNP period research makes a `` clear mention of NNP as the exclusive object of worship of a group of people '' , who are referred as NNS .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
he completed the bureau du NNP , which had been started in CD , under his predecessor NNP ; his name alone appears in the NN .	20	22	VBZ	appears	appear
a follow-up to this study was published in NNP in 2006 , and , upon VBG the students , the authors report significant improvements in writing , reading , and NN , as well as NNP attention skills .	20	21	VBP	report	reports
the reason for this extra day is due to NN of the ancient jewish NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
three years is quite a long time , the editor seems to be VBG considerable NN and civility in his current unblock requests , and i think we should give the editor another chance to help build an encyclopedia .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
columns with JJ capitals line the wall , some of which are clearly of roman origin .	0	11	VBP	are	is
the capacity of the arena is 4 , 000 people .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
yes , we 're all about prevention , and as facing no consequence for this kind of behaviour encourages it , this block is JJ .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the charity works with school children across the country who pack each box with golf balls and cards and letters they have written to the soldiers .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
multiple space characters always VBP as a single space , unless the line begins with a leading space .	12	13	VBZ	begins	begin
generally , this took the form of odd or even , red or black numbers ( originally red or black NNS on the balls ) , or whether the next number is higher or lower than the previous one .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are JJ green to dark green on top and JJ underneath .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as of 2007 , the trustees are phillip NNP , columbus NNP , and mark murphy , and the clerk is NNP NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the three revert rule exists because sometimes two ( or more ) people who are trying to make the article better ca n't decide on how to do it .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
all campuses operate under the name ross medical education center .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
for history see NNP kingdom NNP is a small , NN , NN fossil NN with an JJ outer NN and JJ NNS belonging to the family NNP the body chamber has a slight central NN and JJ JJ NNS that commonly VBP at NNS on the JJ shoulder .	30	31	VBZ	has	have
the NNP opening plays the first verse of `` JJ fire '' , the NNP opening plays the second verse , and the third opening plays the third verse .	15	16	VBZ	plays	play
the NN exists before the symptoms of a psychological disorder appears .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
what matters , as far as writing the article on passive smoking is what the experts and public health authorities think .	15	20	VBP	think	thinks
each year the publication creates several annual lists , including a list of the `` 40 most powerful people in radio '' made up of a who 's who of the radio industry .	3	4	VBZ	creates	create
NNP is not a fatal NN , the JJ information can be removed and the remaining article is perfectly useful .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the goal of the single player game is to collect all of the NNS in a level , while destroying or avoiding enemies , ultimately reaching the exit .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the JJ woman agrees and is VBN to find a beautiful girl smaller than her NN , whom she names `` NNP '' .	2	3	VBZ	agrees	agree
the film is a remake of the NNP , a 1948 movie starring bob hope and jane russell .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a balloon ( aircraft ) also , requires the action of gravity on gases in order to obtain its NN .	1	7	VBZ	requires	require
tradition has it that the NNP NNP was built on the site of a roman villa '' .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the source of the river is monte NNP in central san NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the apparent longest distance is in the st .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
to be clear , you may sometimes need to mention the current name of the area ( for example `` what is now france '' ) , especially if no english name exists for that area in the relevant historical period .	31	32	VBZ	exists	exist
without protective clothing , the plant immediately attacks him , VBG batman into his own `` heart 's desire '' dream , in which the murder of his parents is narrowly prevented by thomas wayne VBG joe NNP .	5	7	VBZ	attacks	attack
being led from one mystery of creation to the next , it is explained that the NN continues to be VBN by the works of god .	16	17	VBZ	continues	continue
this route has two NNS on u .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most dangerous part of this is if the NN performing the pass falls under three other mounted NNS that are VBG the loose horse round the arena ring .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN NN is a JJ condition caused by a NN in the NN NN gene .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
reported building times range from 600 to 2000 hours .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
ga with the references it uses ( the quantity is impressive , the quality is what is in question ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the history section could be improved , as well as what NNP offers , the whole article seems to be about the new girls college .	16	17	VBZ	seems	seem
if your sources are as good as you say , i am sure placing them for all to see as a suggestion on the talk page would not be JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP 's mission is `` to promote rail transport at world level and meet the challenges of mobility and sustainable development .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as the highway heads northwest through NNP valley , it meets mail box road .	2	3	VBZ	heads	head
their bishop is rev michael j .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the side with more NNP moves first , so by VBG the previous season , a player may gain a `` JJ '' and make two consecutive moves , possibly allowing a JJ offensive .	1	5	VBZ	moves	move
students have the opportunity to take advanced placement courses sponsored by college board to gain college credit before graduation .	0	1	VBP	have	has
this perennial herb produces NN , NN stems up to 10 or 20 NNS long from a NN .	2	3	VBZ	produces	produce
for football ( soccer ) you can have the position of the ball represented by a CD vector , the possible game states are a NN and the winning game positions are a line segment at each end of the pitch .	22	23	VBP	are	is
NNS who work in iraq on reconstruction projects are the frequent target of JJ attack .	0	8	VBP	are	is
however , modern scholars tend to doubt this claim and view the governance of the church of rome during this period as still more or less collective .	3	4	VBP	tend	tends
the fifth film of the american NNP film series is american NNP presents the naked mile .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the lakes for which the region is best known offer varieties of water sports , recreation and vacation activities .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the album currently holds a score of 70 out of a possible 100 according to the review NN NNP .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the thing is , at the time , the NNP rules were set up so that many old articles actually did still meet the criteria , and i think this one just might still meet them now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as its stands many characters in this series are exclusive to it though some could be VBN and put in the series article .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the two sides facing the streets have NN in stone and NN NN .	2	6	VBP	have	has
friends '' now perform and record as `` existence '' , with another `` NNP '' co-founder NNP NNP ( now - NNP ) replacing NNP .	0	3	VBP	perform	performs
a future with NNP VBZ now NNP .	1	4	VBZ	awaits	await
the article itself seems well written , encyclopedic , and likely to grow .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the film begins with an opening NN explaining that the galaxy is in a state of civil war and that NNS for the rebel alliance have stolen plans to the NNP empire 's death star , a heavily armed and armored space station capable of VBG an entire planet .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
if an explosion travels at NN , its radius will be ( VB x time ) .	2	3	VBZ	travels	travel
the league currently consists of six teams , from two different cities .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP and NNP post , english translations of NNP and NNP , 5 NNP tv interviews , and a NNP interview [ see the list of references on the peter joseph article for details ] ) .	6	22	VBP	see	sees
the westminster gazette 1914 ten minute stories two friends attempt to overcome the NNS of NN .	8	9	VBP	attempt	attempts
should you want to describe this to another NN , the stroke is 1 NN wide .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
i see that the 1990 version has an amazon rank of around 100 , 000 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
in addition , the game includes new encounter , NNP and item cards as well as new mechanics , such as the VBG monster movement , and new great old ones .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
the president of the `` JJ church '' dan NNP switched to using a natural NN called NNP in 2005 , but again the actual practice amongst the rest of the church is not clear .	25	32	VBZ	is	are
the JJ tower retains its slate NNS and copper NN .	2	3	VBZ	retains	retain
comment - this actually brings up a pretty complicated issue .	0	4	VBZ	brings	bring
an intensive property is a bulk property , meaning that it is a physical property of a system that does not depend on the system size or the amount of material in the system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the game is unusual in that no NN are used in VBG conflicts or player actions ; instead a simple NN system of comparative ability , and narrative description of the action by the players and NN , is used to determine how situations are resolved .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the compound VBZ beta NN , forming one or more molecules of NN .	1	2	VBZ	undergoes	undergo
the hotel includes a number of riverside NNS that are now used as rooms for hotel clients .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP NNP is a professor of computer science at NNP university , whose research interests primarily involve distributed systems .	14	16	VBP	involve	involves
the realm of NNP appears as NNP ' in gene NNP 's book series , the wizard knight .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear
the fact that the editor continues to ignore coi guidelines is not irrelevant .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
VBG is a process by which NNS describe various symptoms related NNP and other NN disorders that individuals are likely to experience due to exposure to a trauma .	17	18	VBP	are	is
such lists are a useful means of identifying missing articles ( by VBG ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ stages of NNP are JJ NNS of NNS .	2	5	VBP	are	is
in the end , we have another editor revert the consensus of the community , remove the article NN , and restore an afd template directing to a closed afd discussion from may 2009 , that resulted in the initial NN to NNP ( film series ) .	7	8	VBZ	revert	reverts
for example , the third paragraph of the early life section has three successive cites to [ 4 ] .	5	11	VBZ	has	have
in local domestic cricket , the ground is the home venue of NNP cricket club .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if we only listed stuff that people already know about , there would be no point in maintaining an encyclopedia .	6	8	VBP	know	knows
however , they seem to be VBN NNS from the international NNP movement so i think there is some question of whether such sources are independent or not .	23	24	VBP	are	is
according to NNP NNP , the game 's NNS include NNP NNP 's pirates !	8	9	VBP	include	includes
NNP was formed in 1977 and the main manufacturing plant is in orlando , florida , usa .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a sign in the loading area gives most of the history of the NNP , and notes that the JJ area for the NN line uses much of the original metal NN from the old cyclone .	20	25	VBZ	uses	use
the mountains on the southern side are the NNP alps and the NNP alps .	1	6	VBP	are	is
fellow of the american college of healthcare executives ( NNP ) is a professional certification sponsored by the american college of healthcare executives ( NNP ) , which is headquartered in chicago , illinois .	0	11	VBZ	is	are
the 3 tracks of the single are also available for download as a for mobile phones in japan .	2	6	VBP	are	is
i 'm very interested in VBG opera and particularly its movement and action effects , although i think it 's difficult to express them adequately on stage , where the physical limitations are too great .	31	32	VBP	are	is
its primary mission is carrier RB delivery ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
no test is capable of directly comparing the explosive properties of two or more compounds ; it is important to examine the data from several such tests ( sand crush , NN , and so forth ) in order to gauge relative NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ map VBZ the NN within the act model ( see also NNP .	2	3	VBZ	implements	implement
the article in chief about the knights NNP contains very brief mentions in passing about the significance of the knights to fairly important NNS such as NNP , NNP 's NNP , and the da NNP code .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain
the leaves are linear to JJ and JJ or VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
moreover some JJ evidence suggests that mars could have been warm and wet on a global scale in its distant past .	3	4	VBZ	suggests	suggest
players assume the role of a scientist who has decided to create his own NNP by collecting buildings with the NNS he creates .	0	1	VBP	assume	assumes
the article as it currently stands mentions a manuscript , but does not cite any references whatsoever .	1	5	VBZ	stands	stand
the district VBZ in the NNP public school choice program , which allows JJ students to attend the district 's school without cost to their parents , with NN covered by the state of new jersey .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
computers differ in the number and type of operations they support , in the different sizes and numbers of NNS , and in the representations of data in storage .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
our headquarters is close by , in victoria street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
neutral - i feel that overall his skills as an editor are excellent .	7	11	VBP	are	is
the most widely accepted theory of how the name changed to key west is that it is a JJ NN of the word , on the ground that the word NN ) sounds like `` west '' in english .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
this service is JJ , covering both NN and NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was explained to him during the original discussion here that edits are not vandalism simply because he does not like them .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the buildings within the district consist primarily of two and JJ NNS with high NNS , with a few multiple NNS and institutional structures .	1	5	VBP	consist	consists
electrical goods , cotton , chemicals and flour NN are the main source of economy .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the answer really depends on two things - the kind of anthropology you want to do and how your potential university ( NNS ) consider it .	1	3	VBZ	depends	depend
the most JJ sport at the school is its JJ football team .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the key thing to understand is that the time it takes to perform n NNS will be much longer for arbitrary precision math as opposed to just using standard NN types .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ region the NNP diamond metropolitan region , which consists of the metropolitan areas of brussels , NNP , NNP , and NNP , has a total population of 5 , 103 , 000 .	6	24	VBZ	has	have
grades 4 through 6 focus on the NN the NN child has chosen , and the last three years are largely independent study .	18	19	VBP	are	is
RB CD as of august 5 , 2006 , only the 1st , 2nd , and 3rd generation NN are officially supported by NN , although newer generations are also partially compatible .	27	28	VBP	are	is
two JJ JJ NNS provide natural lighting for a portion of the station .	3	4	VBP	provide	provides
no problem , cooperation is what wikipedia is about .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in addition to that , the first movement of the work contains various JJ NNS .	7	11	VBZ	contains	contain
its population ( NNP 2005 ) is CD .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
treatment ranges from JJ waiting to VBG and JJ NN NN ( NNP , also called JJ JJ NN , NNP ) with NN surgery .	0	1	VBZ	ranges	range
right now the article looks like a NN of crime , disease and other troubles .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
NNS point forward when a cat is JJ and friendly , and lie flat on the face when the cat is being defensive or aggressive .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the first session is a spider VBN photo shoot with a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP home is one room wide and two stories tall .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while i agree with your delete , in the future , try to avoid saying things are just not notable .	15	16	VBP	are	is
codes can be thought reasonably secure if they are only used by a few careful people , but if whole armies use the same NN , security becomes much more difficult .	20	21	VBP	use	uses
set in of grounds , the school is JJ to have large JJ playing fields and direct private access to NNP common beyond .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a mouse leaves his house to sit under a tree to read a book .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
a graduated increase in force is to be used till the vessel NNS .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the season had no official NNS ; it ran NN in 1969 , but most tropical NNS tend to form in the northwestern pacific ocean between june and december .	16	17	VBP	tend	tends
january CD history of gold mining in western australia dates back to the 1880s but took on some larger dimensions in the 1890s , after gold NNS at NNP in 1892 and NNP in 1893 .	2	9	VBZ	dates	date
the camp now also has JJ NNS , giving it an african bush feeling .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
one of my favorite books , talking about JJ NNS ( physics ) says that nature does the NN in a split second and VBP each balls momentum to ensure that total JJ energy of the system is VBN .	15	16	VBZ	does	do
NNS have a variety of uses , including storage of NNS such as water and oil , VBG wine , NN and sake , and VBG NNS such as wine , NN , NN , NN , port , NN and beer .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the station serves NNP county in quebec and NNP county in ontario .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
NNS reveal teachings either more advanced than their preceding religions or suited for each specific time , place and society .	0	1	VBP	reveal	reveals
the campus has a VBN stadium for night games , tennis courts , and a baseball field , also on a VBG set of NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP express buses leave the city as they operate to NNP square in NNP .	2	3	VBP	leave	leaves
the NN fin is dark grey .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in both cases , i see that the end result is an effort to improve the content of the encyclopedia .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
after crossing NNP crescent , the trail runs parallel to south beach road on its western side .	6	7	VBZ	runs	run
delete - even if the expression is notable enough , the article goes on to say NNP is a burning pit of JJ NN and describe NNP as a species of animal .	11	12	VBZ	goes	go
NNP express services also serve the station at peak times .	2	4	VBP	serve	serves
the cold weather and JJ roads of NNP can make it hard for people to go out and have fun in the winter , but this festival provides the residents of NNP and all of NNP to get out and enjoy the white snow of the season .	26	27	VBZ	provides	provide
if an object is leaving the gun , the gun must VB with the same momentum that the object leaving the gun has , but in the opposite direction .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
many word games enjoy international popularity across a NN of languages , whilst some are unique to NNS .	2	3	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
the title of the redirect is a NN for `` `` ( ) , which means RP ' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
ion weapons are also popular , presumably because they do provide sound and NN unlike NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his character is also reminiscent of NNP NNP fraser from due south ( who also has this wolf companion ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after a bit of research , i ca n't find any evidence that this movement is notable enough for inclusion .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP sign is a sign used to identify NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
by VBG this path onto a digital map , the dr system knows approximately where the vehicle is , what the local speed limit is , and the speed at which the vehicle is traveling .	11	12	VBZ	knows	know
this championship tradition is still carried out today as every year the team proceeds to the playoffs .	12	13	VBZ	proceeds	proceed
the remaining areas are largely mountainous and RB VBN or NN and are outside the urban area boundary .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a NN pit requires a huge amount of fresh NN , and manual labour to maintain the temperature of the central NN .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the two former high schools now serve as middle schools , NNP middle school and dublin middle school .	4	6	VBP	serve	serves
learning plans are most effective when reviewed and maintained regularly , for devoted NNS daily .	1	2	VBP	are	is
they function as a filter between the speaker and the NN that reduces the amount of language input the NN is able to understand .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
although the pacific defines the coast and the mountains comprise the sierra , the NNP finds its heart in the rivers that tie it to the amazon basin and , eventually , the atlantic ocean .	8	9	VBP	comprise	comprises
the book is no longer published , but can be found pretty easily JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
tea party supporters believe obama is not eligible to hold public office ( see opinion surveys section ) , republicans sometimes found themselves caught in a NN between losing support or damaging their NN .	2	3	VBP	believe	believes
this image relates directly to the article in question .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
it is strange that this can happen and the only way to understand is by VBG the recorded signals ( using NN and NNP analysis ) .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
notable examples include the bbc radio buses , in various places around the united kingdom .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS page suggests the welsh premier league is not fully professional NNP .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
built on a hill known as mount NNP and completed in 1806 , this VBG JJ building on duke street is the NNP archipelago 's foremost example of georgian colonial architecture .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
an orange rabbit and is ruby 's best friend .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
february 2009 ( utc ) these edits are vandalism , not 3rr violations .	6	7	VBP	are	is
here , no one disputes that both sides held reasonable positions on VBG the policy .	3	4	VBZ	disputes	dispute
if two people fall in love , murder each other , or rob a bank , no one VBZ if no one is connected to those characters [ and creates a NN ] .	2	3	VBP	fall	falls
NNP 's goal is to VB poor rural women and men in developing countries to achieve higher NNS and improved food security .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the act is a sub part of indian wireless telegraph rules .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ roots are uncommon and possibly grow just occasionally when the stems become very long .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the boston university NNP men 's basketball team is the basketball team that represents boston university in boston , massachusetts , united states .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ notes the first ancestor 's chinese name sounds like the arabic title `` son of religion , '' which was one of NNP 's NNS .	7	8	VBZ	sounds	sound
NNP , who considered himself an NN at heart , the `` mistake '' of VBG NN for NN is `` .	12	19	VBZ	is	are
young birds are NN , have less white above and less red on the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these products are now all owned and maintained by NNP systems NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the controversy is over whether the provision permits service directly on parties by mail .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this has nothing to do with notability , which the song definitely has .	10	12	VBZ	has	have
the school offers full NNP language classes as well as a full english language curriculum given by foreign teachers .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
united states environmental protection agency ( NNP ) fuel consumption estimates for all models are in the city , on the highway and combined .	10	14	VBP	are	is
summers are warm with the JJS month , september NN , indicating a seasonal NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the traditional story of the law code 's origin , VBN in the NN , is that the first latin emperor , baldwin i , based it on the NNP of jerusalem , but this is disputed .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
numerous coach companies provide service to almost all the cities and towns in turkey .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
oppose ; i also agree with NNP and a couple others but i doubt it will matter at this point since the end result seems clear .	23	24	VBZ	seems	seem
i agree with NNP , i think its especially JJ that the people wanting to restore an article on a NN are the people VBG about an abuse of process .	12	21	VBP	are	is
these services run from underground platforms below the NN stations .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
his best known film is a night to remember ( 1958 ) which won a golden globe for best english-language foreign film in 1959 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
suicide or attempted suicide is not illegal in norway .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
symptoms include NN , NN or NN NN on NN , NN of NN , high blood sugar , huge RB drive .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
if a theory of justice is to be complete , NNP VBZ that it must include women and it must address the gender VBZ she believes are prevalent in JJ families .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the water flows into the lake from the NNP river which flows out of the lake NNP on the border of NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
many species are today NNS of a type of vegetation disappeared , which originally covered much of the mainland of africa , madagascar , india , south america , antarctica , australia , north america , europe , and other lands when their climate were more JJ and warm .	1	2	VBP	are	is
primarily through daily JJ NNS called `` morning meetings , '' the school promotes their own set of `` VBG NNS , '' or principles by which the school community VBZ to live .	12	13	VBZ	promotes	promote
the tape loop says , PRP single , hit single , hit single .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
NNP NN , `` the burnt monastery '' ) or monastery of the virgin mary in NNP , egypt , is a JJ monastery near NNP .	6	20	VBZ	is	are
the winner of the coin NN chooses which quarter to have this power play and the other team must choose a different quarter for their power play .	1	6	VBZ	chooses	choose
if they happen to be species that rely on NN then all adults include the dna for their associated species of the virus in their NNS .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
some critics VBP that this de facto system has emerged without thought to its consequences ; they claim that the JJ result is the publication of much JJ work , as well as JJ demands on the already limited research time of young scholars .	1	2	VBP	complain	complains
NNS are sodium NNS of JJ acids .	0	1	VBP	are	is
architectural tiles made from NNP pottery by american NN mary chase perry NNP are a prominent feature in the guardian building 's facade and NN .	1	13	VBP	are	is
an JJ version is online at the bright NNP web site of the australian academy of science ] .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
both versions report two NNS rather than three .	1	2	VBP	report	reports
delete the camp i work helps VB children and i know i help in giving them an excellent experience .	2	5	VBZ	helps	help
the fountain VBZ into a NN that is 1 .	1	2	VBZ	drains	drain
from 2010 through the present , the NN has JJ significant internal organizational changes .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
see NNP , a subject people have different opinions on .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the title track is the theme song for the film .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
hook points are RB ( ground ) or RB VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
rights are therefore `` subordinate and relative '' to NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
unusually for a NNP site , the houses appear to have been built simply on the surface of the ground ; NNP shows no evidence of the common JJ practice of building houses on a specially prepared floor below the surface of the ground .	7	8	VBP	appear	appears
living in the NN frame `` the whole culture experiences cross pressures , between the draw of the NNS of closed NN on one side , and the sense of their NN on the other '' .	9	10	VBP	cross	crosses
adults are JJ without distinct NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
additionally , she writes game reviews NNP is also a JJ woman who underwent sex NN surgery in 1982 .	4	5	VBZ	reviews	review
his 3rd solo album , the appropriately titled NNP blues , allows hudson to strip away the electric guitar and record an exclusively acoustic album .	3	11	VBZ	allows	allow
the `` butterfly '' is a metal disc mounted on a rod .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the males of most species are territorial and defend their territory against other males , but VBP females .	1	5	VBP	are	is
general NN plays a central role in VBG all these phenomena , black holes are also JJ targets in the search for JJ waves ( cf .	13	14	VBP	are	is
CD a separate guideline ) explicitly explains that a subject could be notable passing its appropriate NNP despite a lack of reliable sources in the article .	3	6	VBZ	explains	explain
the NNP family is a NNP noble family , who were among the largest NNS in new spain , later mexico .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
also , this song contains a bass solo performed by john NNP .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
all characters names are NNS on words ending in `` JJ '' , e .	2	3	VBP	are	is
afd , but if the article is JJ , it will encourage editors to leave it alone rather than nominating it for deletion as unsourced trivia .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN sometimes has a hand loop and a bar across the top .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
a good pair of noise VBG NNS may be what you need , and JJ batteries are important , as you will go through batteries quickly otherwise .	15	16	VBP	are	is
in southern california the version includes NN .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
my response to contentious articles is to start posting to the talk pages so some discussion can start .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in hiv , an article currently under peer review , i feel that the way NN is used is a significant problem .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
NN possesses powerful strength and is stronger than any other riders in every way , from searching for NNP to NN .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
air travel is another possibility within the far north , and NNS operate in NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
studies have estimated that VBZ probably crash into jupiter once or twice per century , but the impact of NNS the size of NNP is much less common - probably no more often than once per millennium .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
the policy aims for an end to the commercial use of poker machines in victoria by 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
every course consists of four years of studies , two of which are spent abroad .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the following tables show the rankings history of the teams in the NNP .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
apparently new users have no right to express their opinion !	2	3	VBP	have	has
the article has no pov or or problems .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the link below this entry is also for an online directory but is at least two years out of date .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a search for the supposed inventor of this unit of measurement turns up merely one hit on google .	1	11	VBZ	turns	turn
in mathematics , the polar coordinate system is a JJ coordinate system in which each point on a plane is determined by an angle and a distance .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the general rule is that JJ highways travel in JJ directions and JJ highways in JJ directions , with only a few exceptions .	6	7	VBP	travel	travels
lady henry promoted birth control ; in 1895 , she claimed that sin begins with an JJ child .	12	13	VBZ	begins	begin
better means of identifying when an article receives or loses featured status .	6	7	VBZ	receives	receive
this project , namely the NNP river restoration project is yet to be approved by the government .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
an orange bar at the top contains the text , in black writing , emergency NNP route .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
the oldest part of NNP NNP is in the shape of a NN and in later times additional houses were built nearby .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if this was a sock account , my opinion still stands , but seeing that this is the master , i think we have to leave the account as is .	8	10	VBZ	stands	stand
the sources should have a minimum of NN ( books , articles written by internet or pop culture experts , and software NNS are fine ) .	11	23	VBP	are	is
the carrier has NN rights over the road of the western pacific railroad company from NNP to NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
it goes to german language authors , and the annual speech by the recipient takes place in NNP .	10	14	VBZ	takes	take
waves of his colonists VBP for texas in the winter of 1843 and spring of 1844 .	0	4	VBP	depart	departs
small sizes make it JJ in urban areas and busy air spaces .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
the significant standard is not as strict as is implied , above .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article seems no longer free for me .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the movement towards JJ NN is important , as wild seed is JJ to VB environmental conditions , such as toxic NN NNS , which can halt the supply of seed from that region .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP was also the birthplace of hank NNP , other auto industry plants in the municipality include NNP canada in NNP ( NNS ) , NNP in NNP ( emissions controls and NNS ) .	12	16	VBP	include	includes
this category refers to people , places , or events concerning the state of kentucky during the american civil war .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
webster university 's athletic mascot is the NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the further the observed scenario is from the expected scenario , the more cause for believing the NN is not true ( the results are not simply due to chance ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in southern parts of its distribution , the mean temperature range is ; further north it is somewhat JJ , with a mean temperature range of .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
in a market economy , hospitals and medical institutions do their own drug NN .	5	9	VBP	do	does
although this circuit has a large input NN , it suffers from error of input bias current .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the dominant media firms enjoy the power to control news coverage of debates over media policies ; this is a power they have used RB to VB , VB , and NN opposition to the status NN .	3	4	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
JJ groups are less JJ and work on a more JJ level .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS agree that the writer must have been a JJ scholarly individual given the references to classical literature , and NNP VBZ two candidates .	0	1	VBP	agree	agrees
other places of religious significance are JJ temple in NNP sugar factory and NNP NNP temple near degree college .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP acids play important roles as cellular information storage and gene regulation machinery .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
players , also known as fantasy team owners , select a roster of drivers to earn points according to actual race results .	0	9	VBP	select	selects
each household constitutes an autonomous religious community .	1	2	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
due to strict NN laws , only a few small JJ power plants operate in california .	12	13	VBP	operate	operates
his beliefs are a challenge to mine and my beliefs are a challenge to his .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the foundation raises money for the physical and pastoral care of former football players who have previously been contracted to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	raises	raise
the tail is short and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all 50 contestants work out while bob and kim watch .	2	3	VBP	work	works
JJ leaders ' chair NN decide which nation gets to chair the JJ leaders ' meeting for a given year , all 19 nations are assigned to one of five different NNS .	7	8	VBZ	gets	get
this article is about the rail company in pakistan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one thing led to another , NN NN NN , and i 've come to realize that my interests really lay in computer science .	18	20	VBP	lay	lays
other rivers are the NNP and NNP which rise in NNP district before flowing through NNP on their way to the arabian sea .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the story depicts the struggles of african americans as seen through the eyes of the narrator , a woman named jane NNP .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
people have to take time to correct all the NN you spread .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the paper starts with a long and comprehensive review of the concept of social identity and VBZ it to online social identity .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the b section begins at NN 32 and goes to VB 44 .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
rams are symbols of leadership , strength , NN , and NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP is reduced by JJ NN all the way to the NN because the 10 electron system is JJ .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
these snails occur especially in the northern and western part of japan , on the coast of the sea of japan .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the city of amsterdam uses NNP as the principal NN in its corporate identity .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
NNP , the film is about a JJ businessman who 's lived a conservative life according to the routine conventions of society , but who still VBZ the beautiful young woman who once brought him out of his shell .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 33 NNP mascot is the dragon and students use NNS starting with `` NNP '' when on station and `` hook '' when off station .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 1903 article the NNP of NNP is one of the first demonstrations of moore 's commitment to analysis .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP spirit ( album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the feet are thus more adapted to walking , and are of little use as weapons or organs of NN as in birds of prey and old world NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the habitat is JJ and JJ JJ NN ; almost completely destroyed with only small JJ NNS remaining .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the origin of service CD goes back to 31 december 1962 when NNP corporation introduced a new NN service as an extension of existing NNS operating between NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	goes	go
the contestant who wins the first round plays the game to win up to rs .	1	7	VBZ	plays	play
the initial assumption has to be that all official government documents , from the us and other countries , are reliable for the areas they relate to .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
services include nine NNP , two NNP , a JJ NN and a level ii NNP NNP with JJ NN coverage .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the stone hall of a NN has an JJ rectangular floor plan .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the new deal allows teams to open up spring training on march 1 .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
upon activation , these NNP receptors conduct NNP , resulting in JJ NN .	5	6	VBP	conduct	conducts
i do n't understand why people keep thinking it was a humorous page in the sense that it was a joke page , like say the upper peninsula war .	5	6	VBP	keep	keeps
the NNS are JJ us style instead of boxes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the electron speed in a NN is slightly JJ ( comparable to but not close to the speed of light ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN station , while NNP owns and operates the russian land section of the pipeline and the turkish land section is owned and operated by the turkish energy company NNP .	2	6	VBZ	owns	own
the NNP temple is very primitive and ancient .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
natural methods include not only the rhythm method but also [ [ withdrawal ] ] .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
while this editor is not strictly a vandal ( although he VBZ also removing maintenance templates ) , i see little point full protecting over the actions of a single , disruptive spa .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a suitable condition for NN to a sample function from the process is that the JJ density of the process be zero at all frequencies equal to and above half the sample rate .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
casting is also a sport NN to fishing , much as shooting is to hunting .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
tragedy strikes NNP 's family again when NNP is RB VBN by a group of man .	0	1	VBZ	strikes	strike
years of service generally count in the employees favour .	0	4	VBP	count	counts
the area has some small towns and some villages in the hills .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when a player VBZ an enemy NNP , NN is dropped .	2	3	VBZ	destroys	destroy
the NNP men 's basketball team plays in the american athletic conference .	5	6	VBZ	plays	play
however , the name seems to have been used throughout italy , for the NNP were apparently NNP , while the NNP were of NNP extraction ; and in any case NNP considered it to be latin , if obsolete .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
not sure if that rule still applies or not .	4	6	VBZ	applies	apply
a letter to NNP captured , along with assistant NNP NNP , NNP , by uss forest rose on may 7 , 1865 bears an NN by her commander , lieutenant a .	1	23	VBZ	bears	bear
thousands have by it been saved from death by NN , and the flood of NN has been checked .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the NN of JJ groups in the united states is `` doctors know better than we do how a NN can be treated .	11	12	VBP	know	knows
a quiet individual until a JJ issue comes up .	2	7	VBZ	comes	come
redirects are cheap - redirect to VB .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the JJ product of two finite NNS is finite , and the JJ product of an infinite algebra and a JJ algebra is infinite .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the sum is notable independent of its parts , and in fact , the mention of the sum ( show ) does not VB the mention of particular episodes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the occurrence of NNP in the NNP formation ( late NNP ) NNP , possibly reflects the NN record of the family in the northern JJ NNP as well as one of the latest examples ever recorded in southern NNP .	1	15	VBZ	reflects	reflect
nevertheless , the shores of the lakes are of significant recreational importance as they border the NNP nature reserve and contain several cliffs popular for VBG and VBG .	3	7	VBP	are	is
its only known power is a large JJ drill for the right arm .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
more contentious are those situations in which the patient is unable to make the choice personally , e .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this wiki entry seems to be such a case , and it is normal to expect stuff like this to come up .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
according to NNP , more than 100 parties and political organizations participate in its conferences today .	7	11	VBP	participate	participates
a check user could be used to eliminate any doubt if an admin VBZ to do so , but in my opinion it is obvious they are the same .	12	13	VBZ	prefers	prefer
all their car bodies are still JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
strong NN this sort of deletion causes massive broken template links and makes a NN , thus should not be done RB .	3	12	VBZ	makes	make
he goes JJ and NNS mrs NNP and joan and as jim and frank VBP he may be back at their house , having been seen in the vicinity , the bomb goes off and the basement catches fire .	31	32	VBZ	goes	go
my argument `` makes no sense '' , and NNP starts implementing his plan despite my objection ( thus no consensus ) .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
the company is a member of the outdoor industry association .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it seems that many people consider the articles to be excellent references on their own .	4	5	VBP	consider	considers
it is important to note that the rate of NN of this NN is very dependent on the season .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
actually , this guy is RB brilliant .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the robots escape a planned insurance NN when their transport craft is blown up by their own boss .	1	2	VBP	escape	escapes
the only people who lose are the NNS ( they pay for the servers and the storage ) .	2	5	VBP	are	is
most people go into the woods and never even see a bear .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
even though the players look like children , the action is straight out of the nfl with realistic strategies and NNS .	3	4	VBP	look	looks
mountains contain species rich tropical forest at the height of 600 - 1000 m and NN NN at the heights VBG 1000 m .	0	1	VBP	contain	contains
JJ NNS feed mainly on insects , and occasionally on fruit .	1	2	VBP	feed	feeds
it would also be helpful if the critics actually read and discussed the sources cited .	7	9	VBP	read	reads
infobox talk page and did n't see any comments there , but i thought i 'd VB the idea here first , since this page gets more traffic .	24	25	VBZ	gets	get
this enzyme VBZ in JJ NN and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
this part of highway is in reasonably good shape .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
that image is so simple being composed of text and simple JJ shapes so clearly does not VB any copyright and should be tagged .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
IN the origin of this article is in question , the band living NNP is a highly legitimate band with a remarkable fan base nationwide ( usa .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
this highway connects NNP 12 in NNP to VB 89 in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
the exception to this rule is happy , who NNP considers as his friend .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
many hollywood movies and tv shows seem to have separate french NNS for quebec and france which can be quite different in VBG names of characters and locations , etc .	2	6	VBP	seem	seems
many other characters become central to the overall plot , recurring at times .	2	3	VBP	become	becomes
i VBD and moved here , because the article is in quite good shape for this kind of article , and i feel we VBP the creator a debate .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP ] ] POS obvious , disruptive sockpuppets , disruptive `` NN '' account used only for a few edits are to be blocked immediately and that no checkuser is necessary .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
strong delete - many games have these kinds of jokes .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the matrix materials are usually the same , that is c , NNP , NN and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
at some high hill passes the range provides cool sites appropriate for NNS .	6	7	VBZ	provides	provide
NNP 's tale ends with the death of the NN , but potter understood children will not VB tragedy .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
the danger of the article is that it will become more about the communities than the site itself , but i believe the issues are ones of managing the content rather than deleting it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the development of these capabilities is a continuous learning process and involves the search for solutions of JJ challenges .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN points out that a note from his mother VBZ the fact .	5	9	VBZ	confirms	confirm
as a root crop , NNS grow best in cool weather ; hot temperatures cause the roots to become woody and NN .	13	14	VBP	cause	causes
finally , a man of great quality comes along , however just before he and NNP kiss , NNP calls .	3	7	VBZ	comes	come
not a great problem , but some more sources and maybe some removal of NN ( if JJ sources are available ) would be nice .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the NNP community still exists in a network of creative musicians , many of whom came to NNP from asia , europe and south america .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
JJ linux NNS are also JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
today , the ruins feature a preserved JJ style NN VBN and a NN known as an `` NNP '' , which prepared sands for NNS .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
it should also be mentioned here that all streams that rise south of the NNP and flow towards the southwest , eventually enter the NNP , which ultimately flows into the rhine .	8	22	VBP	enter	enters
the star VBZ that the word POS ' `` was n't even around in those days , and if anyone ever confronted me with it , i 'd just VB NN out .	1	2	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
comments by other users i have information on who a user is .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the food is JJ and cheap , the coffee is great , NNP is surrounded by important hills like , NNP de FW , NNP de NNP , and mostly by the sierra NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category is for NNP united f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these features help to utilize some of the NNS in digital printing , earlier releases of the software were VBN more towards vector art for vinyl NNS .	1	2	VBP	help	helps
the primary reason is that it takes two to VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a major activity of the NNP is the organization of a congress every second year in one of the major member countries .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
their competitors are the NNP NNP NNP ( NNP for short ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the relationship to the ongoing story of the television series is open to interpretation .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
three brothers remain resident in st .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
speedy delete and salt per csd NNP since page appears to have been put back again .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear
god ) , and one danger is a tendency to VB technical definitions to terms based on a few passages and then read that meaning everywhere the term is used in the bible ( e .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
article is about a high school football program .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
comment - i am unclear what NNS have to do with anything .	6	7	VBP	have	has
these reviews are an excellent guide to the highlights of the primary NNP literature from the last two decades .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP 's article is well written , providing a history of the country , the NN now in power , the regions of the country , and the short-lived free elections that the NN VBD down on shortly thereafter because they were not pleased with the results .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but an edit war with the edit tool is n't good , either .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
if the guess is JJ , the master will ask the student questions about the guess until it is clear .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the station has a JJ signal installation in the NNP signal ' position on the NNP ' platform .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
closely allied with regulation by virtue of social NNS , markets also VBP certain patterns of conduct on the internet .	10	12	VBP	regulate	regulates
the problem is , there was a rewritten article after the rfc , then you redirected it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i realize that vandal patrol is n't enough and that quality edits can not be VBN by count alone .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the castle stands RB above a loop of the river north NNP , which VBZ it on three sides .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
distribution and habitat is pretty general , although i may be able to add a statement about how some NNS live in seasonal , JJ environments .	19	20	VBP	live	lives
my impression is that many NNS do not see NN as a science , or at least , do not regard the issue of its scientific NNS as of major importance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
models are also available on the official website .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the police foundation 's central focus is on research - experiments and studies to try out alternative possibilities for VBG .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
mary NNP asserted that the passage shows a `` fairly accurate '' knowledge of basic NNP .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
the leading place in the art of NNP NNP takes a JJ landscape and decorative still life .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take
another type , JJ particles usually refers to particles of sizes ranging from atoms to molecules , such as carbon dioxide , NNS , and JJ particles .	1	6	VBZ	refers	refer
the song features NNP NN rivers NNP as a guest vocalist , and was released as a radio single on march 31 , 2011 , and an itunes single on april 19 , 2011 .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a financial NN is a transfer of money or property donated to an institution , with the NN that it be invested , and the principal remain intact .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this state of affairs is , moreover , in no sense NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a video NN or lecture is a video which presents educational material for a topic which is to be VBN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
removal or NN of the eye is a last resort option if the eye already has become blind and JJ .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
these lists are extremely useful for VBG bias and discrimination , i use these lists to find out about people i may never have heard of otherwise .	1	2	VBP	are	is
while the notation always uses initial NN letters as NNS , it does not VB the NNS themselves .	2	4	VBZ	uses	use
NNP NNP NNP may be appropriate here until the band VBZ notability , but am interested to see if notability already is or could be established .	9	10	VBZ	achieves	achieve
the facility also has eight NNS VBG up to 100 NNS , a steel workshop , NN workshop and engineering workshop .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the province of NNP alone contributes for more than half of the national production .	1	5	VBZ	contributes	contribute
another NNP castle of note is NNP , which was completed in CD and is built in the shape of a star .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
you can use NNP to VB the way that the table appears , such as its colors , borders , and so forth .	10	11	VBZ	appears	appear
agents tell me that in JJ labs that they have VBN , they have found copies of those books , '' suggesting that the publication of NNP and the NN of NNP 's license may have been related .	0	1	VBP	tell	tells
the poet is both an isolated individual in a hotel room and a member of this society .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the university aims to VB investment returns and does not VB in JJ energy funds or community development loan funds .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
the guitar is unusual in that the JJ neck is on top and the JJ neck is on the bottom .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
rising back out of the NN , the trail reaches bryan ave .	8	9	VBZ	reaches	reach
NNP image is to be used in the article `` NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article incorporates text from the 1913 catholic encyclopedia article `` pierre NNP '' by arthur edward jones , a publication now in the public domain .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the most frequently used terms include `` NNP '' , `` NNP '' , `` NNP '' , `` u '' , `` NNP '' , `` NNP '' and `` NNP '' .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
all 101 seats in the oklahoma house of representatives are up for election in 2012 .	2	9	VBP	are	is
its facade , with two high NNS , is one of the most well-known landmarks of stone town .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNS of both species are JJR than the adults , and NN underneath .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the neighbor then opens his door ( after VBG around five locks ) and points two NNP 's at each of their faces .	1	3	VBZ	opens	open
many states have laws that protect existing monuments and can have civil penalties if VBN or destroyed .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the main road through the village is the NNP , connecting NNP and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the site also provides computer tips , software and web site reviews and information on sports , news and islam .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the most common definition of preference is the relationship between the ratio of prey in the environment and the ratio of prey in a NN 's diet .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
historically some used the radius of NN ( NNP ) but this is out of favour now because it is clear that the steel loading plate of CD diameter affects the shape of the NN bowl between the centre ( NNP ) and the NNP sensor at CD .	25	29	VBZ	affects	affect
this constant is quality grade g .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his experience indicates an understanding of wikipedia policy , and his user page shows that he VBZ the basic principles that VBP all our policies .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
its flagship product is NNP , a hard space opera NN setting in a cluster of CD systems after the earth 's sun had gone NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
alan NNP radio show when alan is VBN and VBN to his childhood , and reveals he was called `` NNP alan NNP '' by NN stephen NNP - RB for NNP , NNP now has back problems and lives on disability benefits .	3	15	VBZ	reveals	reveal
we do n't care how long this process takes '' said vocalist NNP page .	7	8	VBZ	takes	take
NN 's role in preventing DT decay ( dental NNS ) is controversial .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the list of publications still needs some VBG down and it would be good if the stub could be expanded .	1	5	VBZ	needs	need
groups of motor units often work together to coordinate the NNS of a single muscle ; all of the motor units within a muscle are considered a motor pool .	0	5	VBP	work	works
barack obama 's true beliefs , and values , and thoughts are .	10	11	VBP	are	is
other similar NNS worn by men around the world include the greek and NNP NN ( a short VBN cotton NN ) , the pacific NN ( similar to a NN ) , some forms of japanese NN and the NNP NN .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
yet , opposition groups say recent revisions made to the plan have not corrected its NNS .	3	4	VBP	say	says
the gas station chain speedway makes a selling point of the fact that they offer both NNP and NNP fountain NNS .	3	5	VBZ	makes	make
the NNP road is a major road in central and eastern england .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
native speakers of languages other than english , who also have excellent command of english , are very useful to have on board .	1	16	VBP	are	is
the effect of his NNS is to have the article represent only one view ( and a minority one at that although very strongly held by some ) instead of the variety of views that actually exist .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
when a cut leaves a coin with no strings , the player VBZ the coin and takes another turn .	2	3	VBZ	leaves	leave
the NNP range is approximately long by between wide and runs from roughly , NN of the city of NNP , in a JJ direction ( actually 35 degrees ) for to roughly , near the town of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep this article needs to be considered in the scope that quebec is nation within canada with its own distinct culture .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
activities enjoyed on the mountain include hiking , VBG , bird watching NN , and other passive NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
deleting an article because it might have pov problems is equally strange , because probably all the content in wp dealing with politics or history has pov problems .	17	25	VBZ	has	have
still wondering about whether a group has to be national to be notable .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
this is a list of hockey arena NNS and their home teams ; NNS are often merely NNS of the full name ; otherwise , the origin of the nickname ( if known ) is noted .	13	14	VBP	are	is
after strange NNS are detected at the NNP archipelago ( the setting of the original NNP ) , the earth federation sends their four strongest NNP force NN on a final strike mission to destroy the black NNP and its army of aliens , robots , and NNS .	11	21	VBZ	sends	send
the doctrine of separation , also known as the doctrine of NN , is a belief among some protestant religious groups that the members of a church should be separate from `` the world '' and not have association with those who are `` of the world '' .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the flowers grow in NNS or JJ .	1	2	VBP	grow	grows
the grounds manager is responsible for the management of staff , money , materials and equipment utilized in maintaining and VBG a VBN site including NN , trees , woody NNS and flowers , outdoor structure and related facilities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN board is a requirement imposed by the u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
adults are on wing from late august to december .	0	1	VBP	are	is
certain ingredients release NN , which has been linked to cancer in laboratory tests .	1	2	VBP	release	releases
the current pipeline infrastructure is quite developed , with the NNP VBG that the daily delivery capacity of the grid is .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
google searches reveal no james NNP ii related to the great escape .	1	2	VBP	reveal	reveals
the two dominant programming NNS for 3d graphics , NNP and NNP , have both incorporated half part support for the NN color space by using NN 's gamma curve .	4	13	VBP	have	has
NNP is an urban fantasy about a city that lives on human skin , a JJ city whose citizens consist of those who bear parts of the city on their flesh , and visit it in their dreams .	18	19	VBP	consist	consists
although the true population of the NNP NN is unknown , the international union for conservation of nature believes that the population is declining .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
a case is not an easy thing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my guess is that since it is 31 years old , something interesting can probably be VBN up about it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many NNP NNS , such as NNP and NNP , have this feature .	2	10	VBP	have	has
founded in 1926 , the association is the VBG group for CD member municipalities in the state ranging from small villages to the largest cities .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the city incorporates the entire island , with most of the city proper at the east end of the island .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the town has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
differing from NN of japanese archipelago in anatomy and techniques , its use and design also varies depending on JJ preferences or individual choices .	12	16	VBZ	varies	vary
furthermore , the google search with 100 links brings back the site in question first .	4	8	VBZ	brings	bring
it is possible to delete some parts of a page 's history , while leaving the current revision of the page intact , so that readers are unaware of the partial deletion ( unless they attempt to visit a deleted old page revision ) .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the community is an unincorporated area adjacent to south los angeles , which means that all services are strictly received from los angeles county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her television work includes roles in answered by fire , after the NNP , salem 's lot , NNP , grass roots and NNP 's daughters .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
in order to distinguish clearly between the two , distant signals use square plates while home signals use circular plates .	10	11	VBP	use	uses
this camp is at notably high altitude , with the majority of its buildings standing at approximately 4 , 800 feet and the highest point of the mountain standing over a mile high at 5 , 300 feet .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the disease VBZ during the period of NN vegetation , and infected leaves turn yellow and either dry out or fall off the stem .	12	13	VBP	turn	turns
the range and effectiveness of the NN varies with the JJ NN of the agent VBG it , and the number of persons already persuaded at the time .	1	7	VBZ	varies	vary
p the objective is to resolve the conflict , not to ban people .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the bot should not be removing spaces like that or other truly minor edits alone but if the bot is already there doing another edit that is significant ( NNS a change to the page or whatever ) then it should do that while its there .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
these JJ NN systems are JJ , meaning they use air to exchange heat , in the same way as a car or typical household air NN does .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as a NN i have to ask whether `` in nature '' really adds anything .	2	13	VBZ	adds	add
a small JJ gold cluster whose NNP level is high enough to prevent development of the crystal is used to decrease the threshold size of JJ silver cluster that can VB the crystal NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
eight british columbia same-sex couples begin to petition the supreme court of british columbia that the definition of marriage as between a man and a woman is JJ .	4	5	VBP	begin	begins
the postal code of the area is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the other major character in the strip is NNP 's slightly more successful friend , dave , who works as a refuse collector , but VBZ most of his income through benefit fraud .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tongue , called by the natives NNP NNP , is a principal language in the town .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the terms used have to be defined .	1	3	VBP	have	has
he was one of the first systems NNS , who demonstrated that the system is dynamic and experiences change .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
david NNP threw for like 700 yards in one game ) but the JJ NN article makes it sound like neither the nfl nor the ncaa count passing yards , so like you said it depends a bit on the wording of the original bet .	15	16	VBZ	makes	make
publishing formats include original research papers , reviews , communications , and a discussion forum .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the three main characteristics that VBP between the species of NNS are the general NNS of the leaves , the shape of the flowers , and the way the flowers open .	3	11	VBP	are	is
often , JJ NNS fail to focus light sources in extremely high contrast situations such as at night ( e .	3	4	VBP	fail	fails
the history of origin of NNP is from NNP , a small village in NNP district .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the bird yard contains a large pool , NN , and a mill house with a water wheel .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
all programs are available via NNS feeds .	1	2	VBP	are	is
even a title screen has to be designed using both graphics and JJ text .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
in the future , the municipality wishes to open the lake plateau even more to tourism , as it is believed that there is great growth potential here .	5	6	VBZ	wishes	wish
in the news ( been a few hours ; vandal has likely gone to bed .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the residence is not open to the public .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP mining project is also subject to ongoing land claims by local NNP communities .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his wife , NNP NNP , is currently a state senator who now represents much of the same district her husband did .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the venue is now part of the NNP real madrid , the club 's new training facilities located outside madrid in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
different places produce different kinds of people , and who you are is determined by where you are from .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
most JJ nest attempts in each breeding season are JJ NNS which appear as early as JJ april .	3	8	VBP	are	is
JJ computing is programming technique where a program in normal authorized interactions with another program manages to get the other program to perform NNS of a complex nature .	7	15	VBZ	manages	manage
if a language is not usually written in the latin alphabet , an official NN may exist for it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
prominent NNS from these regions include NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , mario NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP , as well as the JJ NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the festival also features a competition for advertisement items like NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the central committee represents the regional congress when the congress is not in session .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
some changes are not necessary , and leaving pages as they are to avoid conflict is not something CD is able to do .	8	11	VBP	are	is
the article is not a JJ nor does it push any racial joke .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the veterans or NNP NNP de NNP NNP del alto NNP ( high command NNP ) carry out the most JJ black NNS .	1	16	VBP	carry	carries
after a battle , NNP VBZ NNP and NNP against going to the academy , though her warning goes JJ .	17	18	VBZ	goes	go
the mission of the foundation is to fund programs that promote intellectual , ethical and leadership development .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the group 's NNS are lloyd NNP , patricia grace , anton oliver and paul harris .	3	4	VBP	are	is
nevertheless , this user needs to be officially notified of the rules .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
the rest of us is the sixth album released by the band gas NNP , in 2002 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
you will find that NNS have to be VBN , due to losses in exciting the medium that supports the JJ NN , as well as transport losses .	4	5	VBP	have	has
in differential geometry , the NNP minimal surfaces are periodic minimal surfaces originally described by hermann NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the game ends with the player 's death and NNP thinking to their father about how JJ valley NNS after the player 's death .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
extreme volume live is the first live album by racer x .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
delete the subject may be notable , but the article in its current state does nothing to prove it .	9	14	VBZ	does	do
all other statements are JJ statements .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the name means `` boundary '' in ancient celtic and this fits RB with the fact that it is on the boundary with both the counties of cheshire and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
but the point is that right now , the very definition of the NN is a moving target - this year , a NN is a different number of silicon atoms than it was last year .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the route crosses the NNP creek , turning west onto canal street and VBG northwest past a mix of homes and businesses .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
a three manual organ occupies the NN and a four manual is located in the rear gallery .	3	4	VBZ	occupies	occupy
although blocks of NNP are available in various sizes ( e .	1	4	VBP	are	is
however these JJ foot ' of NNP with JJ NNS is covered with additional NN , the purpose of which remains a mystery .	17	20	VBZ	remains	remain
the feature only takes effect after the user has performed several searches , so that it can be VBN to the user 's NNS .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take
oakland NNP service operates between oakland , NNP , and san francisco .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
a tube shaped bag is open at both ends .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP technology is a period of technological development marked by the creation and use of small stone blades , which are produced by VBG JJ stones like NN , NN , or JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the korean name is the korean pronunciation of the chinese characters .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
participating countries include bulgaria , canada , france , russia , scotland , spain , and the united states , in JJ order .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a well-known member of this JJ class , NNP , acts by VBG JJ bond formation , with recent JJ studies showing two different binding sites depending on the species of NN .	2	10	VBZ	acts	act
i would imagine when that day arrives , it will guarantee lifetime employment for lots of NNS .	5	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive
NNP listings sometimes have a tendency to VB ) .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the main sources of china today are news programs previously broadcast within the day in NNP 's news channel and NNP 4 , the international service in chinese .	2	6	VBP	are	is
one of them is NNP NNP ( played by NNP NNP ) , a NN killer and the other is NNP NNP ( played by NNP NNP ) , who appears to be a JJ and emotional NN from the northern area known as NNP NNP .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
one way to understand this formula is to use the fact that the NN of two NNS on the plane will give the area of the NN they form .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
after winning the NNP championship in 2005 , the club now plays in j .	9	11	VBZ	plays	play
supporters assert that the proposal would make the cost of federal government visible .	0	1	VBP	assert	asserts
the port of NNP is JJ and well protected from the weather .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
artists and record labels are able to sell their music on NN through a JJ music store and a NN player that can be embedded to other websites , such as a blog .	0	4	VBP	are	is
VBG features of NNP include narrow JJ bones and a distinctive JJ crest along the JJ region at the back of the skull .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
an independently operating financial organization , the NNP provides grants for projects related to NN , climate change , international waters , land NN , the NN layer , and persistent organic NNS .	4	8	VBZ	provides	provide
the sculpture refers to bones , which moore collected .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
the market contains a fountain dedicated to NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the documentary being filmed on the NNP railway is very reminiscent of a documentary filmed on the NNP railway .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
then the game proceeds in the usual way .	2	3	VBZ	proceeds	proceed
NNP NNP page that may well be true but is all NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
i 've observed wikipedia users doing the same for links whose display text is their title without JJ disambiguation , VBG without NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
however , other wikipedia editors have deleted NNS from this book claiming that the author is racist and that it is not a suitable publication to quote from .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a seventh movie is completely JJ at this point .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
notable appearances include his 1976 performance as NNP in richard wagner 's das NNP under georg NNP and peter stone , and as dr .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the university is home to the thunder of the east marching band .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these beer gardens also feature traditional dances by the NN in the NNS .	2	4	VBP	feature	features
but the opinion among tamil scholars is that NNP 's poetry is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
any activity lasting longer than about two minutes has a large JJ JJ component .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
posting a link to a product FW NN , regardless of whether that product is beneficial .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
alpha readers are , by definition , the first readers other than the author 's own self , and beta readers are at the next stage .	9	21	VBP	are	is
fac not being a vote all those valid objections are still JJ .	8	9	VBP	are	is
his problem is that the source of the article is [ www .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the shock NN distance varies RB with the temperature for a JJ gas , causing large differences in the heat transfer to the thermal protection system of the vehicle .	5	6	VBZ	varies	vary
last part of the second paragraph lacks references .	1	6	VBZ	lacks	lack
the graduates also have the option of becoming doctoral students through the senior research fellow scheme of the human resource development group ( NNP ) of NNP .	1	3	VBP	have	has
results of JJ parliamentary election , 2008 are final and will be official on friday with little chance to change .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the origin of the word NN comes from the french word canton , meaning corner or district .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come
both grounds and tower are closed .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the last group includes 3 NN numbers , CD .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the theory is therefore ( ultimately ) arbitrary .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a special version of the NNP is the NNP NNP NNP sports car , which looks similar to the full race car for the german deutsche NNP masters racing series which has to use a normally VBN 4 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
girls ' uniforms may differ from school to school , however all uniforms are a white JJ NN .	12	13	VBP	are	is
these pages are all responsible for 3 or 4 categories each which only contain this page ( e .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the international union for conservation of nature ( NNP ) has assessed the VBN NN as near threatened , as heavy fishing pressure occurs throughout its range and it is utilized for meat and leather .	22	23	VBZ	occurs	occur
for other cases , however , the NN is true .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i was wondering if anyone could site me a reason why a page concerning several non-free characters should be limited to one non-free picture , if those characters are completely different .	27	28	VBP	are	is
additionally , two smaller pit NNS lie southwest of the NN , named NNP NNP ( new pit ) and NNP NNP ( deep pit ) .	5	6	VBP	lie	lie
the lack of verification for the appearance of the virgin mary there ( for which claim there may well be JJ media coverage ) is not a reason to delete the factual information on the settlement .	1	24	VBZ	is	are
the skin of the NN is rough , like NN ; it is pale green , VBN with white , and has seven JJ white stripes on each side .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
future plans for this locomotive remain uncertain with the owner putting it up for sale .	1	5	VBP	remain	remains
some teachers and practitioners of traditional chinese medicine , NNP NN and martial arts say that NN can cause a VBN energy level in men .	1	14	VBP	say	says
JJ surgery is a new but rarely used innovation with questionable advantages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first installation goes CD ' , in dr .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
software quality measurement is about VBG to what extent a system or software possesses desirable characteristics .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
point of process means that the conversation has VBN from the original topic .	0	3	VBZ	means	mean
the location of a NN is often an important factor in the choice among routes for glacier flow .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
signs of NN usually consist of holes in the wooden item , with live NNS showing powder ( NNS ) around the holes .	0	4	VBP	consist	consists
NNP no NNP 's ritual suicide by NN is the earliest recorded instance of a NN 's suicide in the face of defeat .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
u is an JJ change in JJ internal energy u , p is the uniform pressure ( a force per unit area ) applied to the material sample of interest , and NN is the JJ change in volume that corresponds to the change in internal energy .	18	33	VBZ	is	are
a JJ teenage girl NNS with the true nature of NNS when her father begins to believe in a religious hoax which she has secretly created .	13	14	VBZ	begins	begin
theory and practice ( 2005 ) is an advanced text on statistical modeling that likewise VBZ a remarkable integration between extensive examples and statistical theory .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the amount of stone NN in the NNP woods ' bearing IN scoring , VBZ the extent of the NN .	1	14	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
before 2003 the NNS are a mystery .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the engine has an NN supported by six columns , overhead parallel motion , and a tank bed .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
along with NN , introduced species such as NNS , JJ cats , and both domestic and JJ dogs , VBP a threat to VB populations .	5	20	VBP	pose	poses
the river has a relatively low capacity for water , leading it to quickly and frequently flooding after heavy rain .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP schools , called NN , are common in japan , especially JJ english as a foreign language schools .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the plot has billy jack going to new york to battle the NNP of NNP 's child NN ring .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the purpose of the board is TO guide the development of the royal hospital , ensuring the care and NN of the chelsea NNPS who live there and VBG the historic buildings and grounds , which it owns in trust ' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
answers to questions seem vague and show lack of knowledge on wikipedia policies and guidelines .	0	3	VBP	seem	seems
the problem is that i can not find who is NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN shoes have a letter or symbol VBN on the sole to indicate the NN who made the shoe .	2	3	VBP	have	has
it is important to note that the option is available to the NN to have the human rights commission attempt a settlement before tribunal proceedings , and should settlement not first be attempted , it is likely the director will not consider acting on behalf of the NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
fair use in realized NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
more importantly , NNP law also has a wide range of NNS which can and have been used against the leaders of efforts to form an opposition party such as the china democracy party and against members of organizations that the NNP sees as threatening its power .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
the JJ deletion discussion from 2005 is here .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the `` overview '' section is a copy of the text from the NN 's home page ( with a couple of words changed ) , so it is also likely to be a copyvio .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the surname NNP is of saxon origin , derived from the word NNP ' meaning CD chamber ; a cottage ; a JJ NN ' .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
michael 's baby sister is ill and comes RB close to death and must undergo heart surgery .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS are round or oval , of 0 .	0	1	VBP	are	is
done with the JJ style of the philadelphia eagles in mind , the NN goes from the front of the helmet along the side reaching towards the back .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
every sunday afternoon , people gather in the gardens to hear NNS VBP traditional NNP NNP , such as NNP NNP and NNP NNP , and other NNP NNP poetry .	4	5	VBP	gather	gathers
other industries VBG NNS include the petroleum , pharmaceutical and food industry .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the quality leads me to believe this was taken with a cell phone .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
since the news articles are all dated , the references section alone is a good NN of how recent the information is .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the light of a NN VBG through the JJ design creates a decorative light pattern in the room where it sits .	1	10	VBZ	creates	create
overall , the tree sculpture looks something like a NN .	4	5	VBZ	looks	look
the herald sun article NNS ; the NNP article is quite good .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
according to that census , the neighbourhood has 14 , CD residents .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
in the mid sussex towns of NNP hill and NNP heath , the organisation operates not only the leisure centres but also an entertainment venue in each town .	13	14	VBZ	operates	operate
the ratio of the JJ NNS to the JJ NNS of most of the planets is of such a size that they orbit the sun in JJ paths with very small NNS ( i .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
about 86 , 000 families are engaged in agriculture while 15 , 000 families engage in fishing .	13	14	VBP	engage	engages
the NNP family is a small and politically involved family with its JJ NNS from NNP province and before that , of arab descent .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
reserves increase in case of some metals ( iron , JJ , gold , NN ) due mainly through NN and additional exploration of the already discovered fields .	0	1	VBP	increase	increases
the creator of this article has a history of creating duplicate articles RB naming conventions or NN .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
dr john NNP , lord bishop of edinburgh , but the role carries no duties .	11	12	VBZ	carries	carry
additionally , the highway 17 express bus line connects central san jose with santa cruz .	7	8	VBZ	connects	connect
several software products and consumer devices use NNP technology and content including NNP NNP , NNP , and microsoft .	2	6	VBP	use	uses
the current student body is approximately 200 people , with about NNS of those pursuing a degree in graphic design .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 3rd element is a number - a series NN that VBZ between different devices of the same type .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fabric used is extremely light , yet strong .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN is an JJ type of NN used on massive wounds and at the site of NN NN where the JJ NN joins the body .	22	23	VBZ	joins	join
another subtle JJ NN i use is to change things like person name , at NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
biographies of 32 stars both contain detailed descriptions of the NNP !	0	5	VBP	contain	contains
more than two dozen NNS , using various statistical methods and combinations of NN records , support the broad consensus shown in the original 1998 JJ graph , with variations in how flat the JJ century `` shaft '' appears .	37	39	VBZ	appears	appear
in the cdp the age distribution of the population shows 25 .	5	9	VBZ	shows	show
the orchestra performs at the NNP music building on the campus of the university of alabama in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform
for this reason , i felt it necessary to VB these statements in place ; otherwise the potential for renewed NN in this article is enormous .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
thing is , doc , the NNP thread is about the username and is a valid issue there .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
based in NNP , surrey , uk , the centre operates surrey county 's only wildlife hospital ( one of the three largest such hospitals in the uk ) and maintains a JJ service for wildlife hospitals throughout europe .	9	10	VBZ	operates	operate
holocaust memorial museum that `` the book is VBN as something that will change our thinking .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
other issues placing him at odds with the labour movement include the failure to control prices and VBG during the war , and attitudes to pay and conditions of public servants .	1	10	VBP	include	includes
precious time is the third album from pat NNP , released in 1981 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBN designs where the core material is a very hard , JJ metal such as NN , JJ NN , VBD uranium , or steel .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the historic centre remains characteristics typical of a city of 18th and 19th centuries , with VBN stone streets and colonial buildings .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
this timeline of JJ bicycle history is a summary of the major events in the development and use of JJ NNS and NNS , which are defined as JJ cycles with motor assistance but which can be powered by NNS alone .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a NN indicates the person graduated but the year of NN is unknown .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
as a NN is placed on the table , various animated symbols appear , such as NNS , circles , circular NNS , or JJ lines .	11	12	VBP	appear	appears
he current constituency in the national assembly of south africa is midlands , NNP NNP .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the studios remain JJ and unknown but are of a very high standard and reputation in the music industry .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
when people judge whether more english words begin with t or with k , the availability JJ gives a quick way to answer the question .	6	7	VBP	begin	begins
the best thing a man can have , in my view , is health .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the only one present is jacob stuart , who tears up the document presented for his signature .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the twist in the tale sets things in perspective and VBZ all these questions .	1	5	VBZ	sets	set
the top is the NN ( sometimes referred to as the mountain ) , and the last number noted there represents the equivalent ( negative ) number of NN points .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the college offers bachelor of medicine and bachelor of surgery ( NNP ) degree ( which is a JJ undergraduate programme equivalent to md in the united states ) .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
this doctrine of each force having its own NNP plane is contrary to most western air forces use of land based NNP aircraft .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
this list looks to be the same high quality of the other lists you have written on this topic .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
the parents accept , and NNP VBZ NNP into a NN and VBZ her safely in his hair .	1	2	VBP	accept	accepts
doctors RB break into dance while performing an operation .	0	2	VBP	break	breaks
i think that the general assumption is to think of ways the challenges can go wrong .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the central feature of NNP is its restored row of houses along the former post road , which runs at a slope between the town 's low and high ends .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a witch named NNP also appears in the 1914 film his majesty , the NNP of oz .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
however the term is not yet used widely , so the field itself is not yet separate from its originating NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
common names include the three NNP laurel , three VBD NNP and the brown laurel .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
our orders are to set fire to it .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the languages used in those inscriptions are NNP , telugu and tamil .	1	6	VBP	are	is
as of 2012 , CD countries in the un are members of the NNP .	5	9	VBP	are	is
the reason for the increased NN in terms of possible NNS is that there have been several high profile copyvio cases recently .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
a category separate from the NNP is desirable , as their markets differ significantly .	11	12	VBP	differ	differs
according to the 2000 census , population density is .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
running economy is a measure of how RB a person uses oxygen while running at a given pace .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , without a system of expert , independent and periodic reviews of all countries , the overall process remains open to abuse .	18	19	VBZ	remains	remain
however , most resources only occur in small JJ areas , and are referred to as VBN resources .	3	5	VBP	occur	occurs
my question is is it not possible to start the two servers simultaneously and through a node we can VB to either of the servers as desired .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in byzantine tradition , colors have a JJ interpretation .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the video consists of several live performances NNP has given since her debut .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
these historians claim that a slower JJ variation of carolina NNP ( which is JJ ) was what gave rise to contemporary carolina NNP .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
NNP 's NNS are his NN , technique , pace , brilliant long passing and a strong , accurate NN shot .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's construction of the real numbers is similar to the above construction ; the real numbers are the completion of the rational numbers using the ordinary absolute value to measure distances .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
other awards she has received over the years are for her JJ achievements in performing arts and for the preservation of the filipino culture and heritage .	1	8	VBP	are	is
this episode is the first in the fourth season to explicitly reference the short time span during which the season takes place .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the employer VBZ a person for a specified time .	1	2	VBZ	hires	hire
some schools offer degrees in conjunction with european universities .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
NNP police station serves this block .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
NNS assigned to NNS are JJ within each NN and are responsible for investigating murders , NNS , NNS , NNS and other crimes within that NN 's boundaries .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the central factor is whether the category is of use .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the journal also includes work on the study of literature , however the main focus of the journal of on areas such as cinema , television , media and the press , the visual arts , popular culture , and cultural and intellectual debate .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the official school newspaper is the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the term serves to distinguish tourists and other special NNS from the career NNS .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
similarly , missions to the palestinian national authority are at the NN of israel 's government located outside of jerusalem .	2	8	VBP	are	is
it is JJ to explain what this interval is where NNS have a fixed length .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the events of the past week are unacceptable .	1	6	VBP	are	is
just as jerry finds out from the manager that the manager has been told that the store needs to make a good example out of a NN , any NN , as long as they catch him in the act .	16	17	VBZ	needs	need
in the united kingdom a junior school is usually a small school serving a particular locality , and is also used by independent schools to refer to the NN and primary school services they offer .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
i am surprised that no one on NN spotted that , `` the reason mechanical energy is not VBN is because much more of the chemical energy released during powder NN is transferred to the bullet than is transferred to the gun .	13	19	VBZ	is	are
the mission of the JJ sisters of christian charity sponsored NNP is to carry out the commitment of the sponsor to the healing and educational mission of the catholic church through the provision of quality health care and educational services .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
images are pretty good , but there needs to be more text i .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the difference is , it VBZ the vegetables , and the sauce VBZ JJ NN and ground NNS , instead it uses sweet NN sauce , a bit of palm sugar , VBD JJ NNS and raw cuts of bird 's eye NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for NNP , `` the highest is to understand that all fact is really theory .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
another extra bit appears when the number of pieces of the first color is eight or less .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
typical issues have 48 pages ( monday and thursday ) and 32 pages ( saturday ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the technique allows for the NN of two or more colors in a JJ way , with one color slowly becoming another color .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
his relationship with stone 's successor , jack NNP ( sam NNP ) , is more problematic , as NNP is more NN and JJ , and his JJ NN of trial rules occasionally NNS VBP some bad publicity .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the next scene takes place in this back room .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
since the passing loop was lifted all trains use the down platform and the station building on the up platform is today a NN .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
VBG that the NN NNS are greater than one ( which for such a flow they almost certainly are ) then there is simply nothing that can be known about the orientation of the system on impact , based on its orientation at release .	4	5	VBP	are	is
speedy deletion has a JJ set of criteria such as such as vandalism and patent nonsense .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
further update ) the added attributes of mary NNP is completely unsourced .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
delete ; this article sounds like a joke or even patent nonsense .	3	4	VBZ	sounds	sound
could someone tell me what the template is that tells other editors that you are making major changes and asks them to hold off on editing until finished .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the seemingly only remaining issue is the NN of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
often the top is JJ steel and the rest of the can aluminium .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cable television in canada began in 1952 with community antenna connections in vancouver and london , ontario ; which city is first is not clear .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
actual cases though , show that they are usually the result of rage at a woman who VBZ to refuse the advances of a male .	1	4	VBP	show	shows
i 'm interested because history sources tend to paint the reports as fair and JJ , but an JJ tim in the making , but i 'm interested to see just what it said ( having influenced british thinking to a very great extent ) .	5	6	VBP	tend	tends
VB NN NN , whose lyrics are essentially a very JJ NN of the events in the story .	5	6	VBP	are	is
february 2012 ( utc ) source site makes a generic NNP claim , but this photo has no NN and date is from the 1940s .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
NNP list , which makes the article largely inaccurate , and the rest is a sort of vague attempt at a JJ NN that does n't account for some significant differences between the NNP dialects .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the CD protocol has no security features , thus one can easily VB NNP NNS by VBG the source NNP address of a tunnel NN and sending it to the other NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
once the player VBZ a mission , they are given a four letter NN , so that they can return to the same mission during subsequent plays .	2	3	VBZ	completes	complete
the NNP NN is a key NN to many NNS used by NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
image consists entirely of text which was taken from the article .	0	1	VBZ	consists	consist
star NNP 's most famous role to date is that of the NNP NNP officer lieutenant j .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
although both technologies are similar , JJ disk access ( also known as NNP ) VBZ windows for NNP 3 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
delete - this thing has no place on wikipedia , is largely JJ , and RB pov .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
some researchers define NN as an extension of self into other and suggest that one 's cognitive processes about a close other develop in a way so as to include that person as part of the self .	1	2	VBP	define	defines
he was a friend and correspondent of ernest NNP in the 1930s ; several letters to him from NNP appear in the latter 's selected letters .	14	19	VBP	appear	appears
an award is a ruling handed down by either fair work australia or by a state industrial relations commission which grants all wage NNS in one industry or occupation the same minimum conditions of employment and wages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the setting of the NN of within a deep forest ( NNP mountains ) is very similar to the home of the creature in NNP NNP 's other game known as NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the NN worked so well that no one else seems to have noticed any friction , and a legend arose that there had never been anything but friendly feelings between NNP and NNP .	7	9	VBZ	seems	seem
image review - images have verifiable licenses and adequate descriptions .	3	4	VBP	have	has
many small towns and even some villages now have full internet access .	2	8	VBP	have	has
this terrace system is evidence that the NNP river sunk within the valley during the last ice age .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only reason for this second debate is the early closure of the first one .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the episode references now link to these sites , rather than to wikipedia articles .	2	4	VBP	link	links
neighboring districts are ( from the south NN ) NNP , NNP rat , ban dan , NNP NNP , NNP NNP of NNP province , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP NNP of NNP province .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article has potential for good , notable content , but no one has supplied such content or attempted to .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these activities include a lecture series , community service opportunities , and art exhibits within the house .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
cowboys and bank NNS are your NNS in the old west .	0	4	VBP	are	is
it is also known as a JJ NN NN , NNP ( NNP ) or an NNP NN ( the latter is a JJ trademark , as NNP was the largest manufacturer of these at one time ) .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
its high quality and accurately shows the NNS of VBG .	2	5	VBZ	shows	show
the operator records how much water goes into the soil for a given time period .	5	6	VBZ	goes	go
his judgment is JJ and holds no necessity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the mission statement of NNP is to build community and provide artists with an environment in which NN is VBN over profit , believing that art and information should be accessible and JJ for everyone .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the marines , as part of the army , are not permitted to operate JJ aircraft , and i doubt that helicopter pilots are the sort of pilots we are talking about .	22	23	VBP	are	is
i VBP with NNP that some material seems to be missing .	6	7	VBZ	seems	seem
the leaves are JJ or linear in shape with sharp , JJ points .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in some areas of the law this heading of damages is JJ ; most particularly intellectual property rights and breach of JJ relationship .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
i understand swedish , but the article only tells us that the product does exist .	6	8	VBZ	tells	tell
all muslim NNS agree that the NN is to be VBN .	2	3	VBP	agree	agrees
for all the benefits that wikipedia provides to us , it 's not too much to ask that community members participate in the elections that will select the leaders who will guide us .	19	20	VBP	participate	participates
due to its JJ and JJ nature , it is widely assumed that the institute develops NNS and NNS for chemical and biological warfare .	14	15	VBZ	develops	develop
the western allied nations claim that their NNS were directed to observe the geneva conventions and believed to be conducting a just war fought for defensive reasons .	3	4	VBP	claim	claims
NN believes that the first JJ JJ pattern is 2 NNS against three and that 2 naturally flows from 3 and not the other way around ; hence all NN are either NNS or NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
proof is the standard required at afd , but a reasonable claim of notability is all that is required as far as csd .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the home of the royal stockholm philharmonic orchestra and known as the place where the nobel prize ceremony takes place , the hall , a JJ building with a NN with tall , VBP JJ columns with JJ capitals .	17	18	VBZ	takes	take
NNP theory describes the attraction between bodies , such as NNS .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
weak oppose the composition and VBG keep this short of NNP - also , this image is not JJ and standards are appropriately higher .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the NNP is a JJ instrument with 12 strings , divided in two sections of six , where one set of strings is for bass and the other for melody .	19	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP signal NNS are available as JJ instruments , NN instruments , JJ modules and in JJ formats .	2	3	VBP	are	is
because of this , the `` greater NNP '' area has a population of over 250 , 000 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
consensus does not mean all arguments are equal .	5	6	VBP	are	is
finally they are reunited and the show ends on a happy note .	6	7	VBZ	ends	end
the survival advantage means that information that is more JJ , or relevant , to survival in an JJ environment has a higher rate of NN than control conditions .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
in france , parties have to secure support from a specific number of elected officials , from a specific number of departments , in order to be eligible to run for election .	3	4	VBP	have	has
de bury argues in this chapter that books of literature , science , and reason are better to study than a strict curriculum of law books .	7	15	VBP	are	is
NNP report NNP contains NN NN ( NNP ) mixed with NN '' at the bottom of the page , it says `` NNP is JJ and is NN to the JJ european standard en 71 part 5 and bears the NNP ap `` non toxic '' .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
so , the memory NN begins at the end of the entire CD .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the agents are also able to VB and make course NNS based on conflict outcomes and the amount of intelligence available to them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
children of prominent people who publish books merit coverage , without regard to whether the book is about the famous parent .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
most advanced game NNS allow players to choose units based on the points values printed on the army card .	3	4	VBP	allow	allows
however , the NNS of both schools are significantly different .	3	7	VBP	are	is
RB i think his contributions are not worth the incivility and NN behavior , not least because it VBZ away other valuable editors and potential contributions .	4	5	VBP	are	is
in our world today , international cooperation VBZ true security while the international financial crisis breeds NN , NN and unnecessary suffering .	14	15	VBZ	breeds	breed
only CD google hits combined for various versions of his name , most of which are n't relevant .	3	15	VBP	are	is
while other NNS produce relatively persistent compounds , in organic synthesis the term largely refers to species with three amino NNS bound to VB .	2	3	VBP	produce	produces
all of the real estate developments stone NNS are JJ housing NN .	7	8	VBP	are	is
in this model , a transmitter sends a bit ( a zero or a one ) , and the receiver either receives the bit or it receives a message that the bit was not received ( `` VBN '' ) .	5	6	VBZ	sends	send
from that time on , the band plays in the party circuit in summer and in the theater circuit in winter .	6	7	VBZ	plays	play
NNP 's tale is the source of john NNP ' poem isabella or the pot of NNP - which in turn inspired the paintings isabella ( NNP painting ) and isabella and the pot of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for totally JJ topics like this about things that generally are expected to be notable , a single article in an internationally known newspaper is fully sufficient -- in any country .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
there is also a football player in cincinnati named jordan palmer , and this person cites no credible references .	14	15	VBZ	cites	cite
if i see a blocked user point out a blp violation on wikipedia review or anywhere else , my first NN is to check it out , and fix it .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the NN described above for NNS , if the balance factor for the tree is 2 and that of the left NN is 0 , a right rotation must be performed on p .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP functions are RB JJ NNS that can be used to represent JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the only JJ thing i can see is the absolutely JJ level of NN coming from everyone .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
in the NNP , a long VBN NN , VBN at one end , moves nine NNS ( `` straight NNS '' ) NN by distances proportional to their distance from the NN 's NN .	7	14	VBZ	moves	move
although evidence is JJ , it is presumed that NNP ruled over an obscure JJ kingdom that VBD ( or had NNS to stretch ) over a substantial part of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the job of the closer is to determine community consensus with respect to the proposal , which incorporates the strength of the arguments and relevant policy as well as local consensus .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the energy balance applies to all scales , ranging from global to river basin to region to farm and to field level .	2	3	VBZ	applies	apply
live at the us festival is a live album and dvd by canadian rock band triumph , released in 2003 .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
but in scotland there is more space , land is cheaper .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the route passes through more woods with some businesses before crossing into west newton and heading through residential areas .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the opening is probably too short now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the element of surprise '' is the third episode in the first season of the canadian police drama television series NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the central figure holds the scales of justice in her left hand , with a staff in her right hand .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
minor landmarks include the JJ palace and memorial arch , both dating from the CD , and the enormous theatre in the blend of the NNP and russian revival styles .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
jones ' NNS such as the NNP and joseph NNP have a NN construction , both RB drawn out from a NN whereby a JJ couple is caught in a VBG situation .	2	10	VBP	have	has
examples include NN of a NN , and industrial injury resulting from use of JJ air .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the concept of `` sustainable development '' is the fundamental building block around which environmental legal NNS have been VBN , both internationally and in south africa , and is reflected in section 24 ( b ) ( iii ) of the constitution [ JJ ] .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
here is civility , here is VBG , here and here are effective uses of vandalism policy ( vandal NNS are common and easy to find ) .	19	20	VBP	are	is
canada ) ( menu provides link to its blog ) .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
maybe if he can document VB what his problem is , he will be on the way to fixing the problem .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the detection process down VBZ the receive signal using the NN signal .	2	4	VBZ	converts	convert
his son is NNP cricket and rugby union international marcus NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two main JJ NNS used by the barn NN to VB sound are JJ time difference ( NNP ) and JJ level difference ( NNP ) .	3	12	VBP	are	is
much of this gained material quickly VBD away , but volcanic ash continues to be a significant part of the geological composition of these islands .	11	12	VBZ	continues	continue
RB VBN , the village is in constant danger of NNS from the nearby granite cliffs , although NNS have yet to cause any serious damage .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
as their name suggests , vocal communication forms an important part of their social behavior .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the village hosts its museum , statue and a plaque on the house where he was born .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
the catholic neighborhood of santa cruz ( west ) is a very JJ and quiet area of santa cruz west , with dense NN gardens .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the curriculum is similar to secondary education in france in that it has seven levels , and students finish with their NN .	17	18	VBP	finish	finishes
this type of settlement risk , in which one party in a foreign exchange trade pays out the currency it sold but does not receive the currency it bought , is sometimes called NNP risk .	9	15	VBZ	pays	pay
in addition approximately 20 freight trains operate each working day .	5	6	VBP	operate	operates
in NNP 's survey of western palestine ( 1881 ) , he notes that the name of the `` curious cave '' at NNP NNP in arabic is NNP JJ utah .	15	27	VBZ	is	are
the city is part of the state electoral district of NNP , which had been held since 1993 by former liberal premier , rob NNP , with a margin of 3 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
st andrew 's pupils write the independent examinations board NNS each year and pupils consistently achieve excellent results .	3	4	VBP	write	writes
the prison was closed in the 19th century and only a NN of wall now remains , forming the north part of st george 's NN .	11	15	VBZ	remains	remain
some instructions also enable the NNP register pair to be used as a ( limited ) JJ NN , and a NN , m , can be used almost anywhere that any other register can be used , referring to the memory address pointed to by the NNP pair .	1	3	VBP	enable	enables
at 4 to 5 years of age , children are able to dress and JJ themselves without assistance .	8	9	VBP	are	is
roll NN mode is simply the NN of rolling motion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the headquarters of the NN is the town of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the monument is fifteen feet tall and VBZ approximately two tons .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an example is NNP , which invested 5 billion yuan in 2005 to build a NN dioxide factory in the area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the exercises have a considerable impact on VBG structural stress , too .	1	2	VBP	have	has
comment this strikes me as another NN objection since it references policies and fa requirements that do not exist .	0	2	VBZ	strikes	strike
the new policy is likely to increase the percentage of students who want to live on campus , which is already a substantial majority of the undergraduate population .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS NNP application is an integrated [ [ enterprise resource planning ] ] ( NNP ) software package built specifically for public sector organizations within the united states .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this leads to tons of unnecessary NN and bad blood , and can poison the atmosphere so that collaboration becomes impossible .	18	19	VBZ	becomes	become
this effect increases the need for coordination and leads to a circular process of increasing the NN on the leader .	1	2	VBZ	increases	increase
route CD begins in the indian trail conservation area at an intersection with two park roads .	0	2	VBZ	begins	begin
a new editor asking where to deal with problematic editors is n't a personal attack .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the mac tours operation uses NNP NNP buses in a dark red and cream NN , with see edinburgh by vintage bus NN .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
the first american producer of NNP is NNP NNP in NNP , california ( NNP county ) .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
this one is just too small and not as constructive or useful as the existing one .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the age range is between fifteen and eighteen .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia module is such a client , but it is a NNP , no NNP client .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this tropical tree has a straight tall trunk and its leaves are JJ in winter .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the JJ JJ nerve 9 ( NNP ) passes out underneath it .	3	8	VBZ	passes	pass
the guardian reference proves that the place exists ; the other two references are hardly JJ or third-party .	6	7	VBZ	exists	exist
in natural populations , genetic NN and natural selection do not act in isolation ; both forces are always at play .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the adults grow up to and can be encountered from march through october .	1	2	VBP	grow	grows
the boy , NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) has an american dream , and RB want to shift in usa .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
there is nothing to indicate that this record company has any notability .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the article reads like a tv guide basically ( with all the broadcast NNS and such ) .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
the distribution of NNP NN is the same as that of NNP , and is included within its broader sense .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
unlike in most NNS , where females simply lack the JJ NN of the males , in s .	6	8	VBP	lack	lacks
if you come across this sort of thing , the best thing to do is to use your best judgment and be bold .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP once said that a passed NN has a `` NN to expand '' .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
other applications for this process include the NN of internal NNS of pipes .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
a NNP search reveals only one hit , which is matched only because of a NN .	2	3	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the diagnosis can usually be made on JJ NN NN , but if not will RB be made immediately after birth because the head is bent backwards and the face looks NNS .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the group 's second NN option consists of the yellow jacket , NNS , and a matching group NN .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
rather than men and women , certain areas of brazil have men and NNS .	7	10	VBP	have	has
NNP has several spots in this and as such , his character is more developed than NNP 's but perhaps RB less JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ survivors frequently develop portal NN , JJ NNS , and NN from JJ NN .	1	3	VBP	develop	develops
although it may be VBN by foreign influences , the soul of any literature is in its relationship to the NN .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
i see no need to go through them all one by one , as most of them are NNS or NNS whose nature is clear enough .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the only example of a NN in the north is JJ NN of NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the width of the shell is 14 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
those tournaments are the open championship , also known as the british open and founded in 1860 , the u .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP grand national CD annual tournament held by a notable organization is not notable simply by association .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
so a block , after it was over , and after the page has been protected ( when we so RB block after a page protection even in an article pov content dispute ) sends a very bad message .	32	34	VBZ	sends	send
NNP is divided into individual cells , or chapters , most of which have a monthly screening where member directors can screen their films and usually organize NNP NNS once in a year .	8	13	VBP	have	has
i mean , rabbit meat contains some fat .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP revealed little about NNP 's personal life in the comic strip , but the background references that he did give the character share similarities to JJ NNP NN pretty boy floyd .	15	16	VBZ	references	reference
this school belongs to the st .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
in addition , they can be purchased and owned in areas where firearms possession is either strictly controlled , or banned outright .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
other scholars suggest there were just four ages , corresponding to the four metals , and the NNP age was a description of the bronze age .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
it is , however , very evident that great innovation comes from great leaders .	9	10	VBZ	comes	come
this work covers the topics of diet , disease , NN , therapy and surgery .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the stretch of NNP road between NNP , co NNP and NNP , co NNP is not for the JJ .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
often accused of not getting enough rest these patients become VBN that their previous life activities become increasingly difficult as their condition NNS .	15	16	VBP	become	becomes
a NN boxer VBZ between CD pounds and CD pounds , or for olympic boxing , 54 to 57 NNS ( CD to CD pounds ) .	2	3	VBZ	weighs	weigh
this is specific techniques , those articles merely address the two NNS of test techniques .	6	8	VBP	address	addresses
the road VBZ cr CD and continues through the downtown .	1	2	VBZ	intersects	intersect
essays are a way in which people VBP their opinions and let off steam .	0	1	VBP	are	is
murphy and den NNP 's methods contain elements similar to those used in differential NN .	5	6	VBP	contain	contains
the manual , which is a decent first step calls it that .	1	9	VBZ	calls	call
the cause of NNP 's death is unknown , but his JJ presents it as a JJ death .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ that accuracy goals delay the process of coming to a JJ conclusion , in that accuracy goals increase both the quantity and quality of JJ in leading to more complex JJ cognitive processing procedures .	18	19	VBP	increase	increases
the user preferences panel gives an option to VB bot edits from your watchlist , which is all well and good .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give
this old NNP avenue building still stands today , now used for county offices .	4	6	VBZ	stands	stand
the strip also uses JJ humor , usually NNS .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
the website also offers user reviews , exclusive deals , and does not add extra fees for delivery .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
NNS NNP and harold NNP 's analysis of team production is an extension and NN of earlier work by NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
two concepts that relate to VBG include social NN ( the tendency for people to present themselves in a favorable light thus , VBG in the employment interview is JJ , JJ , and aimed at improving NNS of performance .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
when the NNP realizes that NNP 's real name is NNP , the NNP , after VBG to shock , dies with a heart attack .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the objective of this project is not certain , but it is thought to have been intended to develop a gun capable of firing an object into orbit , from where it could then drop onto any place on the earth .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the little line below your edit window , where it says edit summary , is where those comments go .	17	18	VBP	go	goes
the system used in north america is NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
their additions claim that NNS are nazis and that JJ men are like NNP NNS .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the town has an old german NNP fortress from the year 1896 , which today houses a museum that VBZ on the local history .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
though the current total population of the NN is unknown and has not been estimated , there have been over 10 , 000 individuals documented over a territory measuring just over .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
sports facilities include a football stadium , a cricket ground , table tennis rooms , a gymnasium , tennis , basketball and volleyball courts .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
it VBZ the idea that people can sue doctors for the loss of a chance to get better , when doctors fail to do as good a job as they could have done .	20	21	VBP	fail	fails
i looked at this page this way - when people search wiki for this company , it not being available there is not appropriate for the following reasons 1 .	9	10	VBP	search	searches
the reaction is unusual in that a NN group is directly transferred from atp to NNP of NNP and that the product has the JJ configuration about NNP .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
naturally , her websites are the most credible sources ; as rebecca does , actors generally lack scholarly entries .	14	16	VBP	lack	lacks
NN replied here and states that the user has a conflict of interest and some other useful information .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the breast is JJ of scales RB to behind the JJ fin origin and up to the JJ fin base , although in rare cases this is interrupted by a lateral band of scales .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN 's job is to VB , by reading off a set of NNS to the driver , often over a radio NN , due to the high level of noise in the car .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP operating systems report these conditions to the user with error messages such as `` NN violation '' , or `` bus error '' , and may also produce a core NN .	4	5	VBP	report	reports
the limited sources that are available indicate that although homosexual NN might occur relatively RB , the NN of homosexual behaviour is higher .	2	6	VBP	indicate	indicates
NNP methods are domain NN NNS named so because they solve a NNP problem on each NN on both sides of the interface between the NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the team has either 3 minutes to give 9 correct answers , or 4 minutes to give 12 correct answers .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his mother ( NNP NNP ) agrees and wants him to return to delhi for an arranged marriage .	1	6	VBZ	agrees	agree
for all NNS county routes , the state is NNP NNP , and the type is blank .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the town of NNP is the JJ settlement of australia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
street made a serious attempt to respect the 13th century plan of the building , although its cross section is now close to the JJ reconstruction .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the major NN of the NNP rod is that it VBZ out the normal front to back NN of the segment of the NN that is VBN , which in many patients results in a flat back NN , also known as `` JJ syndrome '' .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP and her husband barry ( gary weeks ) are trying to VB but it becomes clear that their efforts have been JJ when barry VBZ NNP after her period starts .	29	30	VBZ	starts	start
between NNP and NNP , the bed of the river drops below sea level , and the lower river flows slowly .	18	19	VBZ	flows	flow
in japan , NNP NNP NNP is JJ and her husband begins the NN of the temple of NNP in NNP , NNP , and makes 100 persons enter religion as priests , VBG her VBG her health .	10	11	VBZ	begins	begin
some NN designs allow for NN capture , which would need to be treated .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
i also saw a figure that the ratio of vandalism to admin is in the thousands ( meaning that the tide of vandalism VBZ to VB admins making it vital that good editors be promoted to stop the NN .	20	23	VBZ	threatens	threaten
our goal is to create a JJ number of JJ stub types , not to create unnecessary ( and especially not JJ ) types for JJ or JJ reasons .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these finds are at least 250 , 000 years older than any other NN yet discovered in western europe .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP oil field is one of the largest and most prolific conventional oil fields in the province of alberta , canada .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
during this period , the mother VBZ separately in a separate bed and uses a separate NN for cooking .	5	6	VBZ	sleeps	sleep
the figures for NNS include the growing number of members of NNP 's witnesses ( 20 , CD in 2011 ) and evangelical protestant groups .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the african NN NN VBZ a maximum known length of ; females tend to be larger than males .	11	12	VBP	tend	tends
truly notable fake accreditation agencies get many more media references than this one has .	4	5	VBP	get	gets
japanese version and no progress translation ) meets up with the hero at NNP .	1	7	VBZ	meets	meet
water flow is important to bring food to NNS , since no coral fully relies on NN for food .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if a smaller wiki has a dispute between its only two NNS , the wiki could be VBN if the original owner of the wiki was blocked in this manner .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the two most popular formations are the single NN and double NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this total is the JJ amount of money won JJ on the show , ranking craig behind NNP , david NNP , and tom NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the organisation allows the industry to VB and improve its work in generating and developing the talent needed to VB the long-term future of the NNP and export learning internationally .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
a NN in the suspension towers allows access to the NN .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
a `` trick '' of the film is that while it may be expected that the NN will primarily be of percy , in fact other characters and relationships , and indeed the town itself , are RB VBN through the actions of percy .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
by the 1956 election , when the story takes place , president mccarthy was well on his way to establishing a JJ NN .	7	8	VBZ	takes	take
the island is famous for its NNP NN NN , which is integral to NNP cuisine .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP foundation education system aims to provide quality education to the children of ex armed forces personnel as well as civilians '' .	3	4	VBZ	aims	aim
the four big families begin with the chinese surname li , ho , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	begin	begins
in order to preserve individual NN and overall social welfare , society generally wishes to VB its members from intentionally attacking each other .	11	13	VBZ	wishes	wish
JJ mixing forces VBP river output , resulting in a well mixed water column and the NN of the vertical NN NN .	2	3	VBP	exceed	exceeds
indian JJ NN ( NNP NN ) is a species of NN found in india and southeast asia .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a NN to VB a NN bid in which the target company goes out and VBZ a heavily regulated business so that acquisition of such a company becomes JJ to the sharks .	11	12	VBZ	goes	go
china league two JJ team faces 2011 china league one JJ team for a JJ match .	4	5	VBZ	faces	face
the solution to the NNP equation , the NN , describes the quantum mechanical properties of a particle on NN scales .	1	10	VBZ	describes	describe
the school mascot is a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oppose there is a wealth of other tank images on most of the pages where this image appears .	16	17	VBZ	appears	appear
the current mayor is jim NNP , who is serving his fourth four-year term .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a native of wyoming , box lives outside of NNP with his wife NNP and daughters NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	lives	live
the parliament VBZ NNP president by CD votes to 0 .	1	2	VBZ	elects	elect
many synthetic organic compounds such as plastic NNS , and a few natural ones , contain NN atoms ; these are known as JJ compounds or organic NNS .	3	15	VBP	contain	contains
for JJ images , exposure times are on the order of 100 ms , but for the visible region they drop to as little as 10 ms .	5	6	VBP	are	is
if the next train is closer to the train before than the train after , the signal will hold the train at the station .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the first sentence of design and development is a bear .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP , who we see is always in defense of NNP , which a good friend is normally , then VBZ me of being yet another editor .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
in spanish , the combination appears in compound words such as NN , mainly combinations of JJ NN and a word beginning with h ; in these cases it is not a NN , as the letter s is pronounced normally , i .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the scientists choose places which are interesting and the engineers choose flat low areas .	9	10	VBP	choose	chooses
the light organ has an electrical response when VBN by light , which suggests that the organ functions as a NN that enables the host NN to respond to v .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
western cultures rarely acknowledge the contributions of this extremely important group of early humans .	1	3	VBP	acknowledge	acknowledges
mill points out the inherent value of NN since NN is ex vi NNS ( i .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
a review of their talk page shows that they were warned some time ago about it .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show
the `` 2001 british study of 26 JJ children '' is rather a small sample size for discussing the occurrence of different levels of mental NNS .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
famous NNP scholars include janet NNP , the governor of arizona , and george NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the word for 1000 is JJ , all the others are RB ; this is important in the number naming .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the temple allows the use of pocket cameras , however professional and JJ equipment are forbidden , the reason being that visitors should not visit the temple to take photographs .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the NNS represent a constructed space stripped of functional value , WRB minute human figures play out various NNS .	14	15	VBP	play	plays
i 'm not sure the section title is always helpful to know what somebody 's doing to an article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
here we have the NNS of such a system and yet people are still not happy and want to get rid of even the most basic collective articles on the subject .	11	12	VBP	are	is
national organizations qualify to become NNP member NNS based on certain admission criteria .	1	2	VBP	qualify	qualifies
i believe the major problem here is likely the absence of references in this articles or a NN of relevant links that could help establish a more JJ and reliable article .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the condition is so named for the fine NN appearance initially present ( NN ) and the NN of the NNS that develop ( while `` NN '' is latin for white , the NNS in this condition are not totally VBN ) .	34	38	VBP	are	is
the NN or ep includes the bands NNS of bloc party and plan b and a new remix of a bolt action five song , as well as some older songs that have been JJ .	1	4	VBZ	includes	include
in addition , the NNP story displays the advantage of reporting trouble .	5	6	VBZ	displays	display
the number is clearly an NN , but whatever the real size of NNP 's army , it was a huge force and certainly the largest ever sent against the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP parish has a church , chapel , high school , elementary school , adjoining convent ( currently occupied by the large and growing community of the sisters of life ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a wide variety of treatment NNS are currently recommended including NNP agents , JJ NNS ( NNP ) , and JJ agents although the effectiveness of these treatments are not well established and no specific treatment is available .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
a heavy feature on NNP is a JJ guitar tone that many NN for a NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
some people here have a lot of time on their hands .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the fundamental JJ NNP beam has an NN maximum at the origin , while a JJ NNP beam ( NNP ) has an JJ phase NN along the beam axis ; the NN is zero there .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
keep i truly believe this organisation is notable .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the surrounding lawn is VBN by NN trees , and a restaurant and tennis courts are adjacent .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the species in the genus NNP occur in north africa .	1	6	VBP	occur	occurs
as of january 2013 , thailand has 1 , CD , 000 NNP VBD vehicles , and consumed CD , 000 NNS in 2012 of NNP , while CD stations serve up some CD , 000 NNP vehicles .	29	30	VBP	serve	serves
your comments are as informative as usual .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the high urban population of the district is due to the 45 towns in the district which is the highest in kerala .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS are an excellent example where they VBP by using the host cell as an expression system for the JJ proteins and NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the route extends for just over from east JJ manhattan in new york city to the cross sound ferry terminal at NNP point on the end of long island 's north fork .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
the front pair raises its arms in the NN of NN .	2	3	VBZ	raises	raise
there is no existing record of when this temple was founded , however the architecture of its assembly hall indicates the late NNP period , while the NNS inside the JJ hall demonstrate the NN during the NNS of kings rama iii and rama iv .	14	19	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the NN particle remains buried in the growth tip of the fiber at a final concentration of about a few parts per million .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
the bottom is generally flat and NNS about in depth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am almost sure that the anon is not NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
he stated that the wikimedia foundation finds it `` a little JJ that they 're using the name POS ' when their ideals are very different from NNS .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the JJ fossil remains date back to the early to middle JJ stage , and is widely regarded as the oldest known NN .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
thus the NNP equation is not applicable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the west front is very RB with much carved NN , and the window frames are highlighted with gold leaf , which catches the setting sun .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
list of songs by african , asian , caribbean and latin american artists which reached number one on the hot 100 ( us ) wikipedia is not a vehicle by which to address or promote NNS of racism , ethnic pride , NNS , or NN .	0	25	VBZ	is	are
NNP , VBN in NN coat , dark NNS and hat plays the role of a NNP spy .	10	11	VBZ	plays	play
the content of this article is almost entirely about the suicide already .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
rational strategies include accepting the reality of NN , trying to prevent NN or provide NN , and accepting one 's own limitations .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when the person is a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this corridor route plan is from police control room - railway station - NNP NNP road - NNP - NNP old railway track road - NNP down - NNP ring - NNP university of health sciences - NNP circle - m .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the town continues to grow and expand , and more housing estates and shops are being built .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
since o negative blood is not common , other blood types may be used if the situation is desperate .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the board makes up the nose of the NN when in jet form .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
RB a tale about a man in the wrong place at the wrong time , and his struggle to free himself from the JJ circumstances in which he is VBN , this story also serves to explain how slavery develops in a new colony .	32	34	VBZ	serves	serve
NNP rate is the rate at which NNP VBZ to commercial banks generally against government securities .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP 's writing merely reflects the broader nature of his NN with NN .	4	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
this unsourced article about a NNP football fails to establish its subjects notability .	2	7	VBZ	fails	fail
the NNP club is the fourth fort NNP team to share the legacy of the NNP name , which first originated in the old north american soccer league .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP , director of the conservation of NNP NNP and its habitat project , stated , `` the focus is just on specific protected areas ; and it is not possible to conduct JJ during fall and winter when NN is physically most active .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
my NN is that a short paragraph explaining what it is would be JJ then fix the JJ entry based on what reliable sources tell us this actually is .	23	24	VBP	tell	tells
the capital of the county is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the school is part of the medicine hat school district no .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the faculty VBZ to VB to NNP NNP in 2013 .	1	2	VBZ	expects	expect
it simply does not matter what or how you translate anything from the russian translation since the original english language book takes NN regardless .	20	21	VBZ	takes	take
this article appears to be about a location , but i ca n't understand exactly what it 's talking about .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
but i fail to understand how all those NNS can be VBN to up to 100 different musicians simultaneously by VBG a little stick about at them , unless a large part of it is already committed to memory during NN !	31	34	VBZ	is	are
some political NNS note that the president 's authority and NN is in serious decline due to this scandal and combined impact of the french voters NN of the european union constitution in may 2005 which NNP had publicly VBN .	2	3	VBP	note	notes
actually , i have no idea what this authority is , what the chair does , how she got the job , or anything about it .	13	14	VBZ	does	do
suddenly , a NN of NN NNS appears , and one of them VBZ both NNP and the submarine .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear
the JJ main gear are replaced by steel legs like those used on the later NNP models , and the rear side windows are JJ versions , again matching the NNP .	22	23	VBP	are	is
one major source of argument occurs when a proper noun NNS with a common noun e .	2	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
its NN name is NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
whilst the filling of the NNP is often a sweet NN of NN paste , ( RB combined with fruit such as cherry or NN ) , JJ NNS with a meat or cheese filling can also be termed as a NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
additionally the book provides a JJ introduction to NNS for architects , covering for example , approved document e and is available on the NNP NN website as well as the main uk NNS .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
green day 's version , however , is slightly different from the original , with the woman holding armstrong 's sky blue NNP NN NNP rather than an acoustic guitar .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
other habitats include NN and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the ancient harbor constructed in NNP , india , around CD bce is the oldest NN harbour known .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
in mathematics , and more specifically in graph theory , a graph is a representation of a set of objects where some pairs of objects are connected by links .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
a VBG tax ( JJ sur les NNS et NNS , similar to the english NN ) was imposed in CD .	2	6	VBZ	les	le
some students can earn all the money in their home countries or somewhere else and just arrive when the program starts .	19	20	VBZ	starts	start
his signature weapon is a NN , while he 's shown using a bow in the opening movie of the game .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the following schools compete in NNP district CD .	2	3	VBP	compete	competes
a flat screen allows you to look at the picture from a wide range of angles .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
origins and missions section as is .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
at this point , us 25 joins NNP 21 for a NN and the two routes pass through residential areas as a NN JJ road .	6	16	VBP	pass	passes
the problem with your suggestion , NNP , is that any uninvolved appears to become an involved admin at NNP 's NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the oldest municipal college in the united states is the college of charleston located in historic charleston , south carolina .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
between the stream valleys and north of NNP the road rises and falls as it crosses the many JJ NNS .	9	10	VBZ	rises	rise
briefly , the effects doctrine says that if the effects of JJ behavior or crimes RB affect commerce or harm citizens within the united states , then jurisdiction in a u .	4	5	VBZ	says	say
this collection of short stories by poet and artist , NNP NNP is everything such a book should be .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the old bell pub in NNP old town has parts built in CD but is on the site of even older NN .	3	8	VBZ	has	have
spanish for `` dark head , '' the refuge 's name comes from the NNP NNP mountains in the refuge 's northwest part .	10	11	VBZ	comes	come
in my opinion this festival has the potential to grow but only JJ promotion .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
in NNS , the tie NNS are part of the steering mechanism .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in addition , justice is further delayed by JJ investigations by the police , the courts ' NN of cases on the basis of JJ technical grounds and the NN of witnesses .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the fact that the software licenses explicitly permit NN , however , provides a basis for larger scale projects that collect the software produced by JJ projects and make it available all at once in the form of a linux distribution .	1	12	VBZ	provides	provide
the largest office development in this area is the NNP tower , which is primarily occupied by british firm NNPS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
with the exception of the NNP , the local landed NN , the whole village agrees .	14	15	VBZ	agrees	agree
note that some NNS are apparently also named with the term NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
however , the article requires some work on its references and lack of them .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
each state is a branch of the national league and has a similar JJ structure that brings together the interests of the state members .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the carriage house is approximately CD NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP railway station is a railway station in the municipality of NNP in brussels , belgium .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
program effect refers to that portion of an outcome change that can be attributed RB to a program as opposed to the influence of some other factor .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
recently '' and that last sentence is redundant .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
support - this proposal is a reasonable way in which to gain consensus and to improve articles .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
his name is not RB either .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the state highway runs from a dead end at the NNP river in riverside east to md CD in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
keep - the article nomination is in good faith , and the arguments for deletion are valid .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
all vandal destroyers are a okay in my book .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this sort of compilation is the way to handle the barely notable .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
i really just do not see what other people see in this .	8	9	VBP	see	sees
this NN is native to north america , ireland and the british isles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one spring feeding NNP house run is between the cherry springs NNP and the parking lot ( photo ) , while another is between pa route 44 and west branch road , just east of their junction ( photo ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the worship of the eight NNP is a part of NNP tradition , and the chief among them is NNP NNP .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
for this reason NNP NNS continue to be used as a NN standard for electronic NNS .	4	5	VBP	continue	continues
the schools overall record is JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
while this strategy VBZ sue gardner , i have observed that the strategy has become more JJ during her tenure .	2	3	VBZ	predates	predate
an object in this sense is both a subject and an object in the sense used in the access control literature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS also discover that NNP 's scheme involves VBG the town 's population .	1	3	VBP	discover	discovers
across JJ interviews classic acts include the NNP blues , NNP , king NNP , yes , genesis , and orchestral NNS in the dark ( NNP ) , plus later groups such as NNP and the flower kings .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
one important characteristic feature of the NNP NNP is the large JJ population , consisting mainly of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP are the different aboriginal tribes .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
its primary function is in the realm of VBG holes and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that last `` NNP ireland '' NN is JJ JJ vandalism .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
likewise , this player is most likely going to be a starter for a notable college football program the next year , and all reports lead to that at this time .	24	25	VBP	lead	leads
tibet ; what NNP writers call JJ meditation is JJ reasoning within meditation .	4	5	VBP	call	calls
the title sets a very bad precedent for wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	sets	set
also , the user name and talk page for NNP still exists .	4	11	VBZ	exists	exist
by comparison , NNS live in smaller groups of up to 50 individuals .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
the village 's main meeting points are the pub and the village hall which has recently been VBN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
core and JJ policies like npov apply to content , not NNS and NNS , and folks with no presence at or understanding of the persian project simply ca n't be JJ to make decisions governing community interaction there .	3	6	VBP	apply	applies
the location of the NN is variable , but never at an extreme NN or dorsal position ( NNP 1964 , NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the maximum JJ range is small , less than .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the next step is to edit the redirect at hugh NNP to become a disambiguation page .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBN by NNP NNP , this ongoing group show has on display works of several experienced artists like .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
commodore 64 , just like the article says .	6	7	VBZ	says	say
it is not currently a problem , since the NN in practice is never longer than a week , but potentially it is a problem .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
this parade is a NN of the cadets , and NNS on important matters of the unit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
animals that live in NNP state park include deer , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , black bears , NNS , snakes , NNS , fish , and birds .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
a feud between the NNP family and the NNP family begins when a NNP gets `` VBN '' ( VBN ) .	1	10	VBZ	begins	begin
the paul NNP bike trail also runs through NNP .	4	6	VBZ	runs	run
the history of poland 's JJ collaboration with the `` JJ peoples '' falls into five periods .	1	13	VBZ	falls	fall
the key to a natural appearing hair NN is to have the hair emerge from perfectly normal skin , so VBG trauma to the NN is an important aspect of JJ unit NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are those of a JJ girl , nicknamed la NN ( `` the maiden '' ) , a JJ boy , and a JJ girl , nicknamed la FW del NN ( `` the lightning girl '' ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his name is a pseudonym meaning JJ prince ' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the attacks are at a political and JJ level , and i feel the article reflects the NN on the ground .	14	15	VBZ	reflects	reflect
both systems serve the district and its suburbs .	1	2	VBP	serve	serves
the change to smart power meters is useful to stop energy theft .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
most landscape pictures represent subjects that are extraordinary , so the picture should VB what makes the scene so extraordinary , which means technical accuracy is a secondary criterion .	2	3	VBP	represent	represents
legend has it that years ago a lion and a sheep lived together here and now when a person in need offers VBD prayers here they will have their wishes VBN .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
brown began as an adviser to a publicly traded company , NNP which claims its technology is the answer to the u .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
third party criticisms have no place in an encyclopedia and this is a very biased point of view .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the sources are NN for `` significant '' imo .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the page of political JJ NNS is up from 45 in january to 150 in february .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
that is not to say that arguments for keeping this article are JJ , but what i do think is somewhat JJ is using VBN google counts VBN by massive reproduction of a few wire stories to show encyclopedic value .	6	11	VBP	are	is
in the novel , the family VBZ a number of structures , including a much less elaborate NN , but ultimately VBZ in a cave .	5	6	VBZ	builds	build
the current username implies that this account belongs to an organization or company , however it does not , it belongs to an individual .	6	7	VBZ	belongs	belong
the first example of NN is to take the point a to represent the earth , and the point b to represent the sun , then an arrow drawn from a to b represents the act of moving or NN from a to b .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the game end when one of the player has no seeds left .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
keep that an article is a stub , or contains factual NN is not a criteria for deletion .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
central europe campaign starts 22 march 1945 .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
deletion is way NN here and would not improve wikipedia one bit .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
all city buses feature bike NNS so that NNS can take advantage of bus services as well .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
wagner station consists of natural gas VBD unit 1 , RB rated at CD NNP , JJ unit 2 rated at CD NNP , JJ unit 3 rated at CD NNP , and JJ unit 4 rated at CD NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the article is perfectly accurate with many statements referencing newspaper articles and a number of existing links to wikipedia clearly visible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the commercially most important system is the NNP x NNP x NN ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the following list , which is not JJ , gives an overview of brown 's recorded output as a backing vocalist .	2	9	VBZ	gives	give
the decline in his offensive statistics is partially JJ to moving from RB NNP park to JJ NNP stadium ; but as he did n't even lead his own team in any category , the respect suggested by the mvp vote is remarkable .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a small , southern region of the country near NNP enjoys a reputation for a mediterranean climate , but in reality it is only slightly JJR than the rest of the country and still receives snow during the winter .	4	10	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
the story contains themes of conflict between NN and christianity .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
while bullets are not as strong as the NNP 's plasma based NN , they are still highly effective if used in the proper way .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article may be redundant with material already in NNP , but the correct solution to that is a merge rather than an afd .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
the goals of treatment are to VB symptoms such as pain and NN , to prevent bone NN ( for example , bone NNS visible in NNS ) , and to maintain JJ functioning .	1	4	VBP	are	is
as this NN process occurs in nature , pressure and temperature decrease , which changes the composition of the NN along various stages of the process .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
this table VBZ the various applications of the NN templates .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the current mayor is pat NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the hotel is still open for business .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think that such questions are perfectly in order .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the company sells software products that help it networks communicate RB .	8	9	VBP	communicate	communicates
they have an object type and an object identity and can have attributes whose values are either of a data type ( e .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the second phase is to add an 8 , 000 seat upper deck to the stadium 's west end zone bringing total seating capacity to over 60 , 000 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the proper solution in such case is suggestion to merge the articles , since the topic is obviously valid .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's NN of the NNP dollar coin is JJ and does not merit inclusion in the article .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP had a desire that his paintings look as mechanical as possible despite being painted by hand .	6	7	VBP	look	looks
this state of affairs makes clear the need for a major NN of focus in the research NNS VBP , as well as for the establishment of an ethical code that would ask NNS to understand and communicate the limitations and potential NNS of their models .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make
JJ JJ weight placed on criticisms of living people in articles about subjects written about by those living persons is JJ advocacy .	2	19	VBZ	is	are
the village of NNP NN , built up for NNP NNP NNP , is home to a smaller version of the shrine .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
its plan consists of a JJ nave with a NN , north and south NNS , a NN with a JJ NN , a south NN , and a north chapel acting as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
as another example , NN is RB used in the exterior facing of buildings , but one modern example is the NNP building , brisbane , california ; therefore , the NN panels of this building have been left VBN by any paint or NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS for such uses are often NN and driven by electric motors .	1	5	VBP	are	is
recreational dive sites include specific places that recreational NN NNS go to enjoy the underwater environment .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
if anything , the only consensus is that no proposal is ready to be put forward at this point .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the episode opens with ted VBG himself into the plot of NNP , telling NNP that he is going to leave the NN for her .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
the result of the debate was that as very few people want these articles to exist separately ( and the consensus cited on the talk page for the split is rather JJ , consisting of `` why do n't we .	10	11	VBP	want	wants
the hunter , then , armed with a short gun , carries the cloth before him at arms length ; under cover of which , he may approach his game as near as he VBZ .	1	11	VBZ	carries	carry
the highest roller takes the first turn and play passes to the left .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the first part is the grey `` arm '' which supports the entire ride whether it is in operation or not .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
order of battle data is generally correct , but unit NNS contain only designation and type , not size .	10	11	VBP	contain	contains
gate NNS and walls , NNP hall the garden walls are in brick with a stone NN , and VBD three sides of a rectangular garden .	1	10	VBP	are	is
it is possible to design a JJ drum brake where both shoes are JJ ( having separate NNS and VBN at opposite ends ) , but these are very uncommon in practice .	11	12	VBP	are	is
i believe this complaint is as an admin has has acted to fix the problem .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he suggested this NN would increase audience interest ; as the story begins `` two men hate each other and we do n't know why .	15	16	VBP	hate	hates
when NNP VBZ its broadcast day , the NNP stations VBP NNP until NNP 's next broadcast day begins .	17	18	VBZ	begins	begin
warren has seen graduating classes grow from about 25 students in the beginning to more than 900 today .	4	5	VBP	grow	grows
in addition , the settlement requires NNP to enhance its charity care policies and limit their collections practices that will protect NNS who fall behind in their payments .	4	5	VBZ	requires	require
the concept needs to be better defined in order to have any hope of consensus .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the closing credits are a reference to all in the family , an american sitcom that originally aired on cbs in the 1970s .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , the fictional village on the border of pakistan and india in which the story takes place , is predominantly muslim and NNP .	16	17	VBZ	takes	take
NNP morris is certainly a controversial historian and i doubt many people , including morris himself , would suggest his work is not controversial .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the only tables in this page are one in the NN at the top , and the automatic table of contents .	2	6	VBP	are	is
our technology provides a real solution to the NNS experienced by large and small corporations trying to sell complex products and services via the online channel .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
nowhere have i stated that this content is verifiable in a standard textbook .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
also the target NN method is not VBN to the demand for the product , and if the entire volume is not sold , a company might VB an overall JJ loss on the product .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the language department offers courses in spanish and latin .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the songs cover a variety of subjects .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
the author of the research , NNP bass suggests that the most influential reason indian students studied in australia was not because of academic reputation , but the opportunity to gain permanent NN .	1	8	VBZ	suggests	suggest
my browser is internet explorer 7 NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP NN fire in buenos aires kills CD , VBZ CD on december 30 .	3	7	VBZ	kills	kill
article is almost an NN , and there is a potential coi with the author .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP said in an interview that his main goal is `` just trying to give canadian hip-hop an identity .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the newspaper covers NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP st mary , NNP NNP , east NNP , NNP , NNP NNP and newton NNP .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
thing is , it was n't JJ , clearly , which means the NN is n't solid .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
your first diff is from before i added the source , your second was reverting a sock .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB , the NN of articles on other drivers such as NNP does not establish that such drivers are notable .	17	18	VBP	are	is
this particular issue is with wikipedia itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the lake covers an area of , and lies above sea level .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
to this day , the unit 's special designation is `` first regiment of NNP '' .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a strategic objective is usually `` RB focused and can be considered anything that benefits the firm outside of traditional investment returns '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the two territorial army battalions , CD ( bangalore ) and CD ( NNP ) form the airborne element of the NNP ( as the territorial army is popularly known ) and are presently involved in coin operations .	4	15	VBP	form	forms
in wheel , teams choose one of the work stations and fully VB a bicycle with just the equipment and parts provided .	3	4	VBP	choose	chooses
the notes accompanying the images are by dr NNP himself .	1	5	VBP	are	is
after the final verse , the song ends with an extended solo by NNP , which consists mainly of fast picking , string NNS , and NNS .	6	7	VBZ	ends	end
teachers have operated NNS and JJ gasoline cards to ensure that students continue to attend NNP while they experience times of financial difficulty .	11	12	VBP	continue	continues
linear feedback shift NNS ' output bit seems always to be said to be the binary NN that is shifted out of the register , e .	6	7	VBZ	seems	seem
list of arcade game NNP sounds a bit too RB for wikipedia .	0	5	VBZ	sounds	sound
while the suburb has a large area , as at the 2001 census , the suburb 's entire population lived within a region near the coast on either side of the marina .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the film is basically a look at the JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the voyage '' is an instrumental song by the progressive rock band the NNP blues .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a module is JJ if and only if its NN ring does not contain any JJ NN elements .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the aim is to VB rival states to engage in a JJ war of NN against each other `` so that they VBP each other white '' , while the NN who encouraged the conflict remains on the NNS , maintaining its military strength .	34	35	VBZ	remains	remain
the irrigation controller is either a mechanical ( now the `` NN '' type ) or electrical device that signals a zone to turn on at a specific time and keeps it on for a specified amount of time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a newton hearing or inquiry is a RB modern legal procedure used where the two sides offer such VBG evidence that a judge sitting alone ( that is , without a jury ) tries to VB which party is telling the truth .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
their land is currently part of the university of NNP and VBD from there west to the old soldiers ' home ( presently the NNP NNP medical center ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this phone has 0 , 5 NN weight .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
former top executives at NNP include steven NNP , roger NNP , d .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
every classroom has high speed internet access and there are CD computers available for student use .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this action is a direct NN to that episode .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
no single year is missing , and the list from 1881 to 2011 indeed counts CD editions .	8	14	VBZ	counts	count
the issue is the interior NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the president tells keith that money is no factor ; `` whatever you need , you 've got it '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
VBN species provide a food source for native fauna , habitat for NNS , and also possess NN capabilities .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the outstanding behaviour of the candidate at this rfa demonstrates integrity and a NN to learn and engage with others .	2	9	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the bus runs on NNP only , runs three round trips , and offers free NNS .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
this bay is in a lunar shape .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
steering new users towards editing articles first is something that the community believes will RB improve NN , because it reduces friction and acts as a JJ `` on NN '' to the high speed NN that is wikipedia .	11	12	VBZ	believes	believe
the chief objectives of this division are to VB healthy sports entertainment through the coverage of exciting moments and happening in the field of sports and to keep the viewers VBP with the national and international sports event .	2	6	VBP	are	is
in a mouse which is JJ for NNP but normal for NNP , JJ NN is JJ , but the animals are smaller , consistent with a role for NNP in growth .	20	21	VBP	are	is
NNP is distributed under modified NNP licenses , and the header file generator is under the NNP NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the river NNP flows through town .	1	3	VBZ	flows	flow
resources are materials needed to engage in NNP which are available to actors .	0	1	VBP	are	is
its name , NNP , means little NNP in serbian , and it also gives its name to the surrounding region and the modern NNP district of serbia .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean
the types of NNS include three front or rear engines , three types of NNS , three types of NNS , and two types of NNS .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
another check shows that , based on both ip evidence and area of interest , is very likely to be another NNP NNP maharashtra sockpuppet .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
traditional korean musical instruments comprise a wide range of string , wind , and percussion instruments .	3	4	VBP	comprise	comprises
track sports include 100 m , 200 m , 400 m , 800 m , CD m relay and 100 m NNS and the field events are JJ throw , NN throw , and shot put .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
while members of the royal family are clearly notable , the line of succession may be quite long .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the story involves one woman on stage speaking on the telephone with her ( invisible and JJ ) VBG lover , who is leaving her to marry another woman .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
hunting opportunities in sand hill NNP include deer , NN , rabbit , NN , and turkey .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the white NN building is notable for its JJ revival NNP arch windows and for a JJ tower that `` references the NN of an islamic NN '' with a NN NNP arch window .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
examples of simple JJ fruits are NNS , NNS , and NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the twitter post that you and they are reading , is not the post in question that i am referring to .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
i provided above , or such larger amount of content as is JJ .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
delete symbolic analysis is notable as a circuit engineering term , and has extensions to other fields .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP is one of the most JJ urban districts not to be a london borough , metropolitan borough , JJ authority or city ; on this basis , the council claims that it is the largest town in england .	29	30	VBZ	claims	claim
the members of bowling for soup are good friends with the band NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
when sorry decides that he should do it , the natives believe that he is insane , yet he is accompanied by NNP NNP , a local teacher , and his maternal grandfather , NNP .	10	11	VBP	believe	believes
not all modifications are available to all weapons ; for example , a rocket NN can not be VBN , and NN can not be reduced on a NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
fighting the NN of wikipedia is something every user should thank tony for , as so many others do n't have the NN to keep up with the JJ drive of those whose preferences seem to be NNS and NN of the community rules over building the encyclopedia .	33	34	VBP	seem	seems
the picture is a prominent illustration of the subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the NN layer is located high in the atmosphere , people are not directly exposed to it .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the novel explains how a scientist is so VBN by what he RB regards as the NN of modern civilization that he VBZ a ray which causes everyone to forget all acquired knowledge , including how to talk , eat , or drink .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the JJ people had technology and skills extremely well adapted to ocean NN and JJ language speaking people are present along much of the coastal areas and islands of new guinea .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the only primitive NNS in ordered geometry are points a , b , c , .	3	7	VBP	are	is
probably his most JJ work is the critical edition of william of NNP 's opera NN NN et NN , which he produced with professor ernest NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
under this system , the NN of consideration is the first and roughly JJ to a JJ ring .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the students VBP a lot from the experience whilst VBG themselves too .	1	2	VBP	learnt	learnt
his mother teaches at NNP intermediate school in NNP NNP , california .	1	2	VBZ	teaches	teach
first , NNS occur in large numbers ( four caves in texas are each occupied by several million NNS ) .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
the library is a contributing property to the river forest historic district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song `` NNS '' includes acoustic rhythm guitar by NNP .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include
the freshwater NN is an area where the water is only slightly JJ and becomes quite fresh during the NN season , when the freshwater NNS from the NNP and the NNP rivers push the NN salt water out and bring a deposit of NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the closest railway station to victoria park is keith railway station in the town of keith , around to the south of NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the connection of the colonies to what they are of is not clear in the current name .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
because the chair has a casting vote in the event of a committee vote being tied , the government effectively controls the legislation committees , while the JJ parties control the references committees .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
situated during the early NNP period in japan , the story tells about a fictional NN named NNP NNP , who becomes a NN to protect the people of japan .	10	11	VBZ	tells	tell
board members participate in a series of six NNP training workshops in which they build their coalition and learn the skills needed to install the NNP system .	1	2	VBP	participate	participates
the first time we hear the music to the song is when truly ( played by sally ann NNP in the film ) motors up to the NNP ' NN with the children .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
thus , JJ monetary policy aims for a steady rate of inflation .	4	5	VBZ	aims	aim
the airfield is in part still JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
future clinical implications for NNP are also possible .	2	5	VBP	are	is
when people buy the product through this link , the one who created the products then pays you a certain percentage of the cost of the product as commission .	10	16	VBZ	pays	pay
today , most communication between computers is based on the internet protocol ; therefore most network NNS are internet NNS .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the blocking policy allows for blocks in certain cases based on `` disruption '' .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the demand for labour is not identical with increase of capital , nor supply of labour with increase of the working class .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the feature is 250 m wide , extending 500 m in JJ direction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
today , the village contains an agricultural cooperative , two NNS , and a NNP station .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
however , this material is not notable popular culture .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS tend to be close to paths .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
generally JJ and JJ waters of less than ( though some species VBP to ) , VBZ stick to particular home ranges .	11	12	VBP	descend	descends
the museum address is NNP NNS angels , 1 , barcelona .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its flagship product is NNP , an online backup service available to windows , mac , NN ( NN and NN ) and NNP users .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the arizona transition zone mountain ranges lie north and northeast , just north of NNP , arizona .	4	5	VBZ	ranges	range
JJ point is at the northern tip of NNP peninsula , adjacent to the port river shipping channel and the container terminal and associated infrastructure at outer harbor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
up to the present-day , descendants of white NNS of the country still obtain a positive treatment , while in the entertainment industry , the actors and NNS are RB of JJ descent .	25	28	VBP	are	is
between these two NNS is a `` point of NN '' where the `` time NN '' , in NNP 's terminology , corresponds exactly to physical time .	15	23	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
the primary source for the NNS below is the official programme for the tournament .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the different NNS appear to represent congressional attitudes at the time of NN of each individual site , although `` park '' appears to be reserved for the larger sites .	20	22	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP is notable , this person is non .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the community borders the village at NNP lake to the south .	1	2	VBZ	borders	border
all rose elements contain a characteristic VBD g ' opposite the JJ sequence binding site , without this IN the rna NN loses its NN .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
the cities of NNP and NNP are among the largest settlements .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the track only features as a bonus song on the album and is not part of the official NN .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
keep , deletion is not a cure for controversy , revert wars , NN , etc .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the district offers adult programs in the evening at NNP tech .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
also , user requirements change over time and are often not clear to participants due to their JJ nature and the fact that requirements are always in NN .	23	24	VBP	are	is
one example of NNS is specification of NNS for each media NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in the united states , the 12th grade is usually the fourth and final year of a student 's high school period and is referred to as senior year .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this launch , and the circumstances surrounding it , have been kept secret from the public , and an american launch from nevada occurs at the same time .	20	23	VBZ	occurs	occur
the NN is light grey , without a JJ spot and the NN of the NN is dark grey and the NN of the NN is grey , with an JJ JJ spot .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nearby NNS include tell NNP and NNP to the north , NNP to the northwest , NNP to the southwest , the NNP NN and sheikh NNP neighborhoods of NNP to the south and NNP NNP to the southeast .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
as these tubes are large in diameter they remain mostly filled with water , rather than filling with steam , large diameter gives a low ratio of heating surface to water volume , thus a low NN rate .	2	3	VBP	are	is
meaning of holy land is not clear ; the article holy land states that term is another name for NNP , NNP , land of israel , and promised land .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
at any rate your version is indeed better .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the film contains many JJ and subtle references to homosexuality .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
tunnel 1 as might have VBN NN problem in the first tunnel is the result of the western portal being 100 metres lower than the eastern end , assuming that the tunnel joins the NN route at the first available opportunity .	31	32	VBZ	joins	join
in one turn , player is able to do three actions .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it is now recognized that these patients feel pain , NN , NN , and NN along with JJ symptoms .	6	7	VBP	feel	feels
captain is always the government deputy chief NNP in the house of lords .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this course is well known in the disc golf community and is the site of many tournaments including the republic of NNP NNP ( the NNP ) and the NNP island NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
foot in mouth disease is the fourth studio album by NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the whole thing comes off as an ad as do the others , imo .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the refs at the end of the NN about his test debut need some attention .	1	12	VBP	need	needs
the station no longer contains the tiny building that was donated to loch station .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the virus has a low threat assessment .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the editor who made these changes argues that they were made in accordance with the peer review .	1	6	VBZ	argues	argue
this book explains magical theory , NN and NN , puts further detail into NNS and NNS , VBZ practical NNS and VBZ upon and VBZ spells , in addition to having an JJ covering war NNS in greater detail .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the other option is to claim fair use for the purposes of this fa .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some revolutionary buddhist teachers teach that mention of divine beings in the NNS does not refer to actual existing gods , but was a language employed by buddha to bring about a meaning , which was subsequently VBN .	3	4	VBP	teach	teaches
its highest point is the NNP NNP ( high castle ) , above sea level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category is for former pupils of bradford grammar school , known as old NNPS ; see also list of old NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are served in specially commissioned NNP NN NNS which visitors are free to take home as a NN of the evening .	10	11	VBP	are	is
however , most NNS concentrate only on one of the phases .	3	4	VBP	concentrate	concentrates
a change of template name and NN of the first one seems possible , but the category is still unnecessary .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the absence of NNP is typical for NNP NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the walk trail winds around smaller peaks and rocky NNS .	2	3	VBZ	winds	wind
natural gas is great choice to meet our energy needs NNP , august 24 , 2008 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i heard that every shape you draw constantly naturally gets NN and NN .	4	9	VBZ	gets	get
however these films are RB hard to find .	2	3	VBP	are	is
stay '' is the debut single from bernard butler released in january 1998 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition to theatre training , the program includes business training for local theatre groups to improve NN .	7	8	VBZ	includes	include
the finds show that romans did trade with the NNPS , though there is no evidence of settlements .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
NNP 's main local rivals are NNP , the two sides having been historic northern premier league rivals throughout the 1990s .	4	5	VBP	are	is
in long tables the easy alternative is to repeat the header at regular intervals .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
pretty much the only right retained by the copyright holder under those licenses is the right of NN .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
because different cellular mechanisms require distinct levels of NNP NN , the inactive complex of this NN gives opportunity for a proper mediation of NNP NN .	3	4	VBP	require	requires
the category is for operas composed by robert ward .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the desert in the state varies slightly with a small variant in climate .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary
and the article is not badly written at all .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one economy offers multiple JJ media properties that connect JJ people to online information and resources that address a range of topics including health , jobs , money , education , and housing .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
activities range from a CD run , to a NNP davidson parade , to live street bands .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
some reviewers have taken this scene to mean that the film is not a direct remake , but a sequel to the original , with the man on the street being an older version of NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
though there is no consensus on the community 's size , most estimates indicate that the number of displaced NNP in syria remains well over 1 , 000 , 000 in 2010 .	16	22	VBZ	remains	remain
the JJ study VBG JJ NN is the invisible NN test , conducted by daniel NNP of the university of illinois at NNP and christopher NNP of harvard university .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the division also supports the performing , visual and creative arts and promotes maryland as a location for film and television production .	1	3	VBZ	supports	support
the NN is a NNP NNP ( an NNP with a NN ) which contains NNP level 3 ( plus NNP 6 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ area of the dorsal surface of the NN is somewhat JJ .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
a colony has several NNS , with most of the populations centered in one large NN and several fringe NNS which other bat species may share .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other types of NN NNS , such as an JJ NN , and a NN NN are also possible .	1	16	VBP	are	is
a chapter from an NNP romance is a prose NN written by NNP may NNP , about her family 's involvement with the NNP community NNP and after .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the commercial includes the NNS saying `` do n't get NNP 'd by the other insurance company , call me .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the percentage increases in social welfare over time are smaller than the corresponding increases in the NNP , and are VBG .	2	8	VBP	are	is
its creator is the JJ sculptor NNP NNP de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in VBG streams , channel migration typically takes place by erosion of the cut bank and NN on the point bar .	5	7	VBZ	takes	take
NNP his note ] is appropriate but it is again accompanied by a block warning .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
at the NNP ( upper secondary school ) , the educational system is more flexible and offers various NNS depending on the NN , skills and interests of the students .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's state mission under title 32 NNP is to respond to the call of the governor of south carolina in the event of natural NNS or domestic NNS within the state of south carolina .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
one VBG young man sees the opportunity to build dr .	3	4	VBZ	sees	see
the post provides a firm surface for an effective NN by the bird 's NNS and sometimes NNS for helping with the mechanical separation of the prey .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the line generally runs parallel to the hudson river and upper new york bay , while its northern end and its western branch travel through the lower hudson NNP .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
roots band from NNP , new zealand .	0	1	VBP	band	bands
great artists RB resemble famous people , such as elvis NNP and william shakespeare , even when they are not given those names .	1	3	VBP	resemble	resembles
this partially artificial summit contains layers upon layers of prehistoric NNS .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the municipality forms part of the coastal district known as the NNP montana della NNP NNP , and part of its territory is included in the NNP NNP national park .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
this means that 1 euro is equal to 1 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
if a patient is presenting with any of these conditions , it should be RB obvious that the patient is JJ .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
threats and punishment are common tools of NN .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the sheet music stated that it was the first JJ two step ever written and was first played by NNP 's orchestra in chicago although the structure is in the form of a patrol march .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the JJ common NN is a member of common JJ genus , NNP within the JJ family , NNP in the NNS order .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the airport offers a range of scheduled flights to british and irish regional airports and charter flights , including a seasonal service to toronto , canada .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
one guy with a NN is not a movement .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
examples include -- NNP , -- NNP , and -- NNP , all of which are variable NNS of -- NNP , and -- NNP and -- NNP , all of which are variable NNS of -- NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
implementation is often the most difficult aspect of any program .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the intended interpretation VBZ the various domains and the meaning of the symbols of the language in these domains .	2	3	VBZ	specifies	specify
the town is the main market place for the farmer communities in the surrounding regions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the majority of the membership is uk based , but with a significant JJ membership .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i apologize for questioning your NNS , and i do agree that many NNP fighter pages are of non-notable fighters .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the areas along market street and main street are some of the JJS and largest commercial districts in NNP and have a diverse ethnic NN with a large dominican , puerto rican , and mexican population .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the resistance shoots down several military aircraft in NNP province ; the reported death toll is 200 .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the NN also features a NNP section with tone , speed , and width controls , which VBZ the vintage `` JJ '' sound of NN .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
skull '' is a song by NNP from their 1994 album NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the trunk shot is a camera angle which appears to be looking out from the trunk of a car .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in JJ english for the JJ , a corner solution is when the NN is either JJ or unable to make a NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the community is not well served by admins who are more interested in reducing the `` drama '' than solving the problem .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not every line has to be sourced .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
finally , given how central NNP 's book is to this article , it probably needs a wikipedia article of its own before this article goes fa , including critical reception which is a big part of the JJ perspective that is missing from the article .	24	25	VBZ	goes	go
the angle of NN towards the bar is usually somewhere between fifteen and thirty degrees .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
and since it 's a vital criterion for `` vandalism '' , i VBP that his edits summaries show clear cut bad faith .	17	18	VBP	show	shows
the JJ spaces are a little more than twice as wide as the NN , crossed by three equal and equally JJ NNS , which are about JJ as strong as the NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his JJ maintenance engineer , douglas stewart robinson , is the brother of anthony gilbert robinson , who died in 2001 while VBG NN out of NNP to NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
national register of historic places , CD house is now a historic house museum owned by the NNP nation and has been restored to a 1900 appearance .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
further , the article is not anonymous , but a pen name under which the author NNP h .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the first one is a clear sock .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
located in an area once inhabited by the NNP culture , the town has obscure origins .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the overall design is extremely sophisticated , as for example the NNS which open within the NNS and follow their NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the church is most known for it close connection with anna NNP and with the NNP at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a NN is JJ JJ , and if someone does n't fix that soon .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
rule CD specifically applies to the use of form CD .	0	3	VBZ	applies	apply
the style is different from his poetry which VBZ his conversion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
reforms to NNP NNP programs ( merge with above ) the bill makes numerous reforms to VB NN programs , including the NNP , l , student NN , visitor NN , and NNP programs .	11	12	VBZ	makes	make
the exact content of the fleet article and its maintenance is a matter of content editing not deletion .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the fault is part of the JJ split of the san NNP fault system and is one of the largest , though JJS NNS in southern california .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the people who help the least are those who sit and `` vote '' , based upon no more than what they see directly in front of them , with no more effort than that VBD .	1	6	VBP	are	is
this principle is common for NNS to measure flow .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was typical for subsequent setting of JJ NN to incorporate significant NNS , and this setting retains the NN of the role of NNP that is found in the composer 's first setting of this text .	16	17	VBZ	retains	retain
the newspaper articles are not press releases .	2	3	VBP	are	is
second , to provide the title of a truly wonderful play ; ) these questions are what makes shakespeare still so popular after so long .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the pc version also has two additional modes which the pub version does not ( for obvious reasons ) include ; these are the brain game and the single game .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
until now , editors who have been VBG basically never tried to put in their own sources though ( there are just a few mentions of NNP and NNP , which i think i had to put in myself ) .	3	20	VBP	are	is
for cite news , the titles are correct .	5	6	VBP	are	is
having said that , the manner in which it is being cited probably VBZ the external link guideline , as their website requires registration .	5	13	VBZ	violates	violate
these business partners assist in delivering any kind of quality and quantity of NN a client may require and NNP takes on to further add value to their distribution requirements .	2	3	VBP	assist	assists
its mission is to increase awareness about multiple NN and to raise money for multiple NN organizations and projects .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
police officers can use the NN during NN duty or NNP department operations , criminal investigation department , traffic police and all branches that are carrying out duties where JJ life or public property is in NN .	30	34	VBZ	is	are
the following list also contains officers from when the alabama highway patrol was renamed the alabama department of public safety .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
many NNS are also present on the shores of the northern half of the bay on both sides .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the user NNP is in constant breach of this rule by reverting important changes to the article without any basis .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
it is the story of five girls whose parents start a business in making NNS .	8	9	VBP	start	starts
NNP editors on their talk pages when their review is about to be closed .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the current list of NNP members is available from the NNP website .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this introduction of water is the initial step in most acid rock drainage situations .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
graduates report increases in their knowledge and practice of NNS that promote health , including JJ health , NN , and stress management .	0	1	VBP	report	reports
the NNS or shop units are typically from around 10 square metres , and are rented out to small traders , who sell telecommunications and banking services , to food , and magazines .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this category is for american football coaches at the university of arkansas at pine NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
anyway , there is practically no update , the article is under referenced and not even past 1500 of prose .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
however , this branch is more difficult to locate but is believed to have moved through normandy and somerset and on to ireland .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's mother ends up VBG sara for not spending much time with NNP .	2	3	VBZ	ends	end
chinese characters have a history of several thousand years , and chinese language has an infinite NN , ( i ) believe that there will be chinese works winning nobel prizes again in the future .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
without justice , defense , or the items necessary for the NNS of survival , you enter the world that henry berry and his family grew up and existed in .	7	16	VBP	enter	enters
the singer of NNP is NNP NNP , also known as NNP , joined by henry NNP on drums and NNP NNP on guitar and vocals .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
some years after the events described in mission to mars , and the NNP of mars , maurice gray and his friend bruce NNP are now permanent members of the research colony established on mars .	4	24	VBP	are	is
the highway proceeds RB from the border , traveling parallel to a small creek .	1	2	VBZ	proceeds	proceed
NNP distribution of dimension k is equivalent to a uniform distribution over a JJ NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
of course , i am not VBG that the criteria given above are JJ - i am certain that they can be improved - but rather that a set of objective criteria for notability can be defined , and should be reached by community consensus .	9	12	VBP	are	is
image deletion is n't JJ ( unlike article deletion ) , so the deleted images will have to be JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP people speak a JJ language .	2	3	VBP	speak	speaks
the NN took place in an online forum and it is obvious that the article author is JJ and JJ .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the first NN of the year is from september to late january or mid february .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the project developer , wayne NNP , is at the research services branch of the national institute of mental health .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
it was built to help VB the NN of the NNP from the southern to the north-eastern , runs between the NNP and the NNP where the two ring NNS are more separated .	29	30	VBP	are	is
delete the sad fact is that this sort of thing happens fairly regularly as soon as the summer season starts up here .	18	19	VBZ	starts	start
although i am no longer editing race and intelligence ( my last edit was 3 weeks ago on may 25 ) , i think your edit restriction on the article is good .	26	30	VBZ	is	are
i am JJ to hearing NNP 's side of the story , but have to agree at first NN that the NNP report seems JJ , and the `` ernst '' comment VBD for at best .	22	23	VBZ	seems	seem
the novels are often of the police JJ NN , focusing on the JJ , JJ work of police , though not always involving the JJ investigation of several crimes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if DT term is a notable one then there should be some coverage in reliable secondary sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i believe that the loss of quality thus VBN is JJ .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
yes , the film is a musical and i am working on this section as you read this .	3	4	VBZ	IS	ARE
angels serve as NNS from god to the human race , delivering instructions and VBG the future .	0	1	VBP	serve	serves
NNP where the main rivers meet the sea and the NN of NNP ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBP	meet	meets
the website remains free , including call NNS .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
located on NNP street ( route NNP ) in the neighborhood of east boston , the station 's primary NNS are residents of the day square area .	19	20	VBP	are	is
however , the NN techniques differ among studies , which could be the cause of slight NNS in the reported statistics .	4	5	VBP	differ	differs
i should point out that the deletion that has been made to this article since i edited it is 3 different users deleting the section i wrote .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
the area of the NNP highland is a combination of hill ranges , steep river valleys and an elevated plain , the NNP plateau .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the third common method of JJ NN is to determine which side is up by the feel of the coin .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the letters are larger than in NNS NNP and NNP , but smaller than in NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the song displays the narrator promising her lover to not forget her love to him while he 's `` off to war '' .	1	2	VBZ	displays	display
the JJ platform station building is located on the ground floor of the JJ hotel attached to the station , and the NN platform has a large single NN sandstone building .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
when people get angry and continue to argue , they do things they are sorry for later .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
the NNP in the NNP NNP name does not mean rocky george , in reality it means NNP guitar , although these instruments differ significantly from the original NNP ii series , introduced in the early 1980s .	22	23	VBP	differ	differs
the license provided by this template is not suitable for wikipedia as it does not specifically allow derivative works ( only reproduction ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
while the team VBZ several NNS to fit the bus driver 's condition , house VBZ on his NNP and starts to VB .	2	3	VBZ	investigates	investigate
there lynch assumed the positions of assistant head coach , offensive coordinator , and tight ends coach .	15	16	VBP	coach	coaches
the major im providers usually cite the need for formal agreements , and security concerns as reasons for making these changes .	3	5	VBP	cite	cites
her one major NN is rock salt which is known for its ability to VB ice .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the article itself contains at least three RB JJ geographical descriptions of the neighborhood , leading me to believe that the term , even when it might be used , is RB defined .	4	6	VBZ	contains	contain
maximum recorded depth is CD m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the toyota site also covers the area formerly occupied by derby ( NNP ) airport , a small JJ airfield that was opened in 1938 as derby 's municipal airport .	2	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the problem is that when you abuse a policy and then you wish to apply it appropriately , it is no longer a policy with the same clear and beneficial purpose that it once had .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all songs are in order from english to spanish songs .	1	2	VBP	Are	Is
this VBZ the way in which political NNS position their candidates and how much of the message is getting across and which audiences are most JJ to them .	22	23	VBP	are	is
this category contains articles related to townships in NNP county , ohio .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
far more editors create , edit , and come here to read these articles than the extreme minority that VBP around afds and even then , they still could not VB the policy based reasons for keeping .	2	3	VBP	create	creates
another way is to get a third opinion , where you can directly request an opinion from another editor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in my view , the NNP also ' link is JJ , reasonable , and appropriate .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS to the NNP program go through a screening process ; a written exam , an interview and health examination , and a background check .	0	5	VBP	go	goes
there are sources in about 70 locations around the hills , where residents regularly fill NNS free of charge , including the st ann 's well , which is housed in a building dating from 1815 , in the town of great NNP .	12	14	VBP	fill	fills
the area , which was once considered an overlap of the NNP circle and shaw neighborhoods , is today a historic district .	1	17	VBZ	is	are
delete the only reason to keep this article is a 2008 's best small firms to work for award .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
many NNS are not that much interested in computing and much computer development does not require mathematics .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the city is also the manufacturing centre of NNP , manufacturing various goods such as food and related products , VBD metal products , steel , machinery , NNS , and NN and paper .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whether that bias actually exists has not been determined in this instance .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
the drum comes in with JJ bass NNS in time to some of the guitar notes VBG them .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
a NN trailer , for example , is JJ so the front NN can pull the load around a corner whilst the rear NN can push the rear end ( at an angle ) around the same corner .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the closest language to NNP is the JJ language .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
whether this information is , and to what extent , part of the history of tibet is disputed by a wide range of governments and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this is working on the assumption the device is common enough , and currently being sold , as it appears to be from the NN ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
r scientists and NNS work in partnership with federal , state , and local agencies , the public and industry to assess risk and injuries to NNP trust resources , provide technical advice , and recommend protective cleanup actions .	1	4	VBP	work	works
comment this afd seems to still be open .	0	3	VBZ	seems	seem
in an interview with NNP he states the first single , `` bull in the wild '' is without a doubt the `` biggest song of their career .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
NNP article is nothing but an NN , its meaning and a link .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in those parts of the world where civilization is worn NN , i found the unique man far easier to see .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
chuck hands NNP a ring box containing a JJ , a reference to the NN VBG ritual in which a male NN finds a stone and brings it to the female NN he wants to be with .	21	22	VBZ	finds	find
this list is JJ for wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name NN was derived from the latin NN , meaning `` NN '' , which is the botanical term describing a leaf base where the two sides of the leaf blade are of JJ length and do not meet the NN at the same place .	27	32	VBP	are	is
the poet finishes the poem by describing the death of NNP and NNP and their burial in the city of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	finishes	finish
a call for NNS has been made but many countries are reluctant to VB without a clear mission and are JJ of what happened in prior NN missions .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i ( NNP ) believe the use of this JJ scan in that purpose VBZ as fair use in the united states copyright law .	6	14	VBZ	qualifies	qualify
data integrity concerns are not new , and protection mechanisms VBP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
furthermore , the guideline only addresses attacks by me , to which you are supposed to defend yourself against ; i have made no other claims beside your NN , to which you made the obviously false claim that i have an JJ agenda .	3	5	VBZ	addresses	address
the NNP district is , along with NNP , NNP one of south africa 's premier trout fly fishing destinations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN citation reads `` ( .	3	4	VBZ	reads	read
the question is then where to draw a line , if one has to be drawn .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the miss south carolina competition is the pageant that VBZ the representative for the state of south carolina in the miss america pageant .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it 's not useful for navigation or any other purpose , and the defining term `` greater china '' is JJ , resulting in arguments .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
they are listed on the stock index of the ghana stock exchange , the NNP NNP index , its symbol is ( NNP ) .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
by definition , electronic records are not inherently JJ - file formats VBP information into a form which can only be processed and rendered JJ by very specific technological environments .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the rest represents unsourced original research which is quite interesting to NNS but not appropriate for an encyclopedia whose purpose is to record and VB information , not discover it .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
our article on philosophical novels has some examples , NN .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
roger NNP gave the film four stars in his original review , believing the film `` VBZ RB on a cosmic scale .	14	16	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
if a defending player does this , and he is not immediately following his direct opponent , a JJ penalty will be awarded .	3	4	VBZ	does	do
traditionally , the final day of the festival is at stewart park on the NNP lake NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
i say major NNS because NNP guy lives in the us , and made an international phone call to help keep wikipedia clean .	6	7	VBZ	lives	live
the famous walls erected by NNP NNP ii have yet to be recovered .	2	8	VBP	have	has
while a previous version was a NN , the current version is encyclopedic if accurate .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
JJ rifles are still popular in the region , despite the presence and ready availability of more modern weapons such as the NNP , the NNP , the chinese type 56 assault rifle , and the NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it might be if the clothing was the subject of the photograph , but if the person wearing the clothes is the thing being photographed it does n't work like that .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
the NNP continent is the main land and focus of the game .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category contains contestants , judges and guest judges who have appeared on the canadian reality television show canada 's next top model .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
note that according to JJ glass its index of NN is 1 .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
a JJ young girl - NNP ( NNP NNP ) - arrives from school with a cooking degree , and joins a group of other women who work in jobs supporting the NNS .	3	11	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the VBN pair makes a JJ connection .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
both JJ lines run at 30 minutes interval .	2	3	VBP	run	runs
gene therapy procedures include VBG the NN NN NN NN protein , VBG both ends of the NN , which in turn removes it from the sequence .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the church lot takes up most of the JJ block at the NNS where NNP was first established , between main street on the northwest , church street on the southwest , and south highland avenue ( u .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
even with the advent of aviation , the water routes continue to be the main highways for travel and commerce , with the NNS of the philippines safely VBG the vessels that VBP its routes .	9	10	VBP	continue	continues
these NNS show various JJ activities in the NN , have different molecular NNS and some of them are bound to other proteins , primarily to VB .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
residences include the NNP housing projects .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
championship events hosted by NNP include the 2002 u .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
while another shooting occurs in `` the JJ mr .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
JJ efficiency is the main tool of welfare analysis to measure the impact of markets and public policy upon society and NNS being made better or worse off .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ acid is one of several JJ JJ acids obtained from JJ acid .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
lectures are probably the oldest form of science outreach , dating back to the CD when michael NNP organized the first of the royal institution 's christmas lectures .	0	1	VBP	are	is
its not an attack since she RB admits this , and has VBN accuracy of entry .	3	7	VBZ	admits	admit
the traditional way of VBG a secondary school in the uk uses a horizontal or year system .	2	11	VBZ	uses	use
the cold chain is a major consideration in NN , particularly in JJ countries .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the place is partially famous for its NNP temple , where NNP NNP is held annually .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the NNP find it very difficult to use this new politically correct language , since very complicated and JJ forms of expression are now needed and are subject to different interpretations , meaning that the resolution of the linguistic issue is still a long way off .	37	42	VBZ	is	are
the highway follows the north shore of clear lake and ends at NNP CD in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the NNS to wikipedia of VBG with this request is that the article remains deleted for about a week .	12	13	VBZ	remains	remain
i was going to say merge into NNP education but that article is too large for a merge .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
intervention strategies have to be effective in VBG the gap between attitudes and NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
for him , the point is not to be taken in by appearances .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the reader gets even further down before it becomes apparent that the NN run back and forth between the wickets .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the sale also includes spare and repair parts , support equipment and technical documentation .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
but i am not the only one NN , nor is it obvious that my behaviour or conduct is a direct response to how i have been treated .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
in the same way that our NNS are somehow limited to remember NNS ( dogs have a much bigger area for that ) .	14	15	VBP	have	has
JJ musicians include NNP NNP , NNP NNP and annie NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the role of the NNP is as a terminal operator serving as receiver of export cargo ( container and NN ) from inland carriers and a receiver and NN of import cargo ( container and NN ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the fraction of lost NNS increases as the traffic intensity increases .	1	5	VBZ	increases	increase
in many cases the threat of suspension prevents the run , which means the threat need not be carried out .	4	7	VBZ	prevents	prevent
NNS ' additional public service includes experience as NNP executive to the office of the administrator , u .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
NNP states violate the JJR reduction criterion .	1	2	VBP	violate	violates
the size of the article is the biggest thing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
fair use in the NNP with NNP NNP is JJ whether this image is subject to copyright , but its use is covered by the u .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the most recent successes in the state tournaments include a first place finish in 2001 and second place finishes in 2000 , CD and VBN by the baseball team in the CD state tournament .	3	8	VBP	include	includes
famous former residents include the legendary lead singer of the rock group queen , the late NNP mercury .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the individual CD offices at local levels show minor variations in organizational structure .	3	7	VBP	show	shows
the username of the person who created this article is a conflict of interest .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the sound you hear is that of a stick hitting VBG NN , i think .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
records of the NNP , an JJ african pastoral group , demonstrate strong NN behavior .	0	11	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
myspace account , a contest was held in which the first 10 , 000 myspace users who added NNP ii as a friend would have their name in the theatrical and dvd end credits ; the list follows the view NNP and NNP company VBZ .	36	37	VBZ	follows	follow
however , if the player loses all of its medals , it gets VBN to a lower rank .	4	5	VBZ	loses	lose
the only incorporated municipality here is a portion of the city of salisbury , the county seat of NNP county .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
clark college residence halls are JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the small ring is about 8 km long .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if one bridge has a longer span than another it does not mean that the bridge is the longer from shore to shore or from NN to VB .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the JJ scene , however , exists only in her NN .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist
almost sure '' versus `` sure '' the difference between an event being almost sure and sure is the same as the subtle difference between something happening with probability 1 and happening always .	8	17	VBZ	is	are
evident delete no absence is good absence .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
several models exist to describe JJ NN at NN NNS during JJ additions .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the event offers a rare opportunity for more than 10 , 000 children , in grades one through eight , from across NNP county to see the NNS at work .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
who says that the nation wants such judges , such evil [ ones ] .	4	5	VBZ	wants	want
summer service is dependent on available funding .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS by a person are perfectly valid sources about that person .	1	5	VBP	are	is
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are NNP NN and NN , whereas its two products are JJ and NN .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the numbering system starts with a zero and NNS by one until the last note of the NN is reached .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
species of concern are those species about which the national NNP and atmospheric administration and national marine fisheries service have some concerns regarding status and threats , but for which insufficient information is available to indicate a need to list the species under the endangered species act .	0	3	VBP	are	is
hugo VBD the creation of `` a supreme , sovereign senate , which will be to europe what parliament is to england '' and said `` a day will come when all nations on our continent will form a european brotherhood .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
in preparation for synthesis , the NNP description is subject to an array of automated NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the municipality is the home of the world famous `` NNP NNP '' NN , which lies close to the river NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for example , the hero of hamlet had an uncle ( 1927 , NNP ) is the historical prince NNP , whose name suggests manuel 's NN , NNP .	22	23	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the railway station at NNP is between the station at NNP , near NNP , and the station at albert , the administrative center of the canton .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in some cases , NNS of NNS are on websites .	4	7	VBP	are	is
as this NN is indefinite , not infinite , it may be appealed and removed if he has shown a JJ change in attitude and behavior towards fellow editors .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there may well be a convention amongst some editors that secondary schools are to be considered notable .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the term `` school of law '' as it applies to legal opinions of india was first used by NNP .	1	9	VBZ	applies	apply
these NNS also hold much more broadly in the sense of JJ NNS if one of f or g is a RB supported distribution or a NNP function and the other is a JJ distribution .	1	3	VBP	hold	holds
one machine doing one specific task soon turns into a fleet of JJ machines VBG the entire process of production .	1	7	VBZ	turns	turn
the NNP website contains its own wiki which contains a large number of articles on terminology specific to railways which is not listed in wikipedia articles ; ( b ) direct references to VB .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
delete the above google search VBZ CD unique hits , many not about this person .	4	5	VBZ	yields	yield
the bug shoe is a length of NN on the bottom of a ship that goes on the bottom of the NN to protect it from NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the state has network of roads linking all parts of the country .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the cast is a JJ list of alternative musicians and directors offering their opinions on what may have been the largest music revolution ever .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his english name is king NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the format of this list is different from the previous fl 's i 've done , so i 'd like to have some feedback on this before i do that .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this star has an magnitude of about 11 , making it invisible to the JJ eye even though it is one of the stars nearest to the sun .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the electronic direct NN ( NNP ) system offers no such guarantee and thus VBZ the NN to a default risk .	7	8	VBZ	offers	offer
forms are available for the electronic submission of additional data for new NNS or for providing more information on already known ones .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the students of the school are the members of argentine JJS families , as well as gifted students with NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the display shows NNP with a chain around his neck which she VBZ JJR with each NN shot .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
this will help to quickly access all projects based on this template when modifications to the main project occur , or should this ever happen ( !	13	18	VBP	occur	occurs
this version is a global transit network , designed by the NNP and JJ NNP technology to enable them to get to any place on earth almost RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the aim of NNP is to produce accurate and faithful translations that reveal the bible 's message to modern readers .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the letters are between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
which ever player at the end of the round has the most points , that player wins that particular match .	2	9	VBZ	has	have
this case shows the result of attempting to place vertical black and white lines at four NNS per cycle on the NNP architecture .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
perhaps only john NNP and the anonymous NN know where it actually was found , or maybe only the anon knows .	19	20	VBZ	knows	know
the movie begins in world war i when a young man named jimmy RB becomes a hero by killing all the germans in a machine gun nest .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the ryan administration is RB against the new policies , and president ryan himself decides to take action by supporting taiwan , along with india , vietnam , indonesia and the philippines , which would also be affected by an expansion of china 's territory .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP was the site of the NNP concentration camp , and a memorial now occupies the site .	12	14	VBZ	occupies	occupy
JJ threats include continued VBG ( hunting ) ( VBG ) and egg NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
so , overall , things look pretty good for where you are now .	4	5	VBP	look	looks
we get so VBN up in the doctrine of laws that we lose what the true meaning is , and that is to love your neighbor as yourself .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the year average temperature is 63 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ environment of the structure is mainly JJ marine ( i .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
archives show these inmates reviewing , NN and VBG NN records .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
this section is responsible for national monitoring of the surface water resources of south africa .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ panel is similar to a jury in a civilian trial , but due to special rules provided in the uniform code of military justice ( NNP ) , panels consist of service members equal or superior in rank to the defendant .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the twist mechanism also explains why NN is faster for larger NNS than for small NNS .	2	4	VBZ	explains	explain
the only ratio that is relatively stable is foreign reserves over NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
main festival of NNP village is NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
any issues with referencing and or for unreleased songs can be handled via normal editing , the subject seems like a perfectly reasonable list .	17	18	VBZ	seems	seem
the outcome of a breast NN with JJ NNS depends upon proper patient selection , preparation , and correct technique for recipient site expansion , and the NN , NN , and NN of the JJ NN fat .	1	9	VBZ	depends	depend
henry 's accident in the flying NNP is worth including , because it resulted in his rebuild .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the steps up to the NN ( NN where the altar is located ) are JJ to the NN and NN of the temple ( the floor of a temple ) .	1	14	VBP	are	is
NNP lane and NNP NNP pp NNP the site covers NNP lane , a neighbouring woodland and fields on either side .	8	9	VBZ	covers	cover
the article is reasonable since the parent article would be VBN with criticisms without it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the entire point of the project is to be the encyclopedia that anyone can edit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
many other sources also mention this theory .	2	4	VBP	mention	mentions
edit summaries appear to be this user 's only form of communication with other editors .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
this line runs across the edge of the NNP range which is a mountainous plateau with peaks which have heights in excess of 7 , 000 meters .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
american NNP monasteries and NNS often combine the NNP with NN prayers or NNS and VBN together in the church .	2	6	VBP	combine	combines
one difference between NNP NNP and NNP is that NNP style uses not only VB and NNS but also VBZ , NNS and NNS .	10	11	VBZ	uses	use
afd voters do a JJ google search for the subject and come up with few hits .	1	2	VBP	do	does
symptoms are generally similar among infected NNS , however timing and pattern of disease can differ among hosts and between NNS and NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP 's maximum depth is at NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in the the simpsons episode `` homer goes to college '' , homer visits some NNS who VBP `` NNP alert '' and `` stop the NN '' .	4	13	VBZ	visits	visit
movies under production by major studios often qualify .	0	7	VBP	qualify	qualifies
it also appears that some of the original 1978 `` les paul NNP '' have VBN serial numbers some NNP love rock models have no serial number and simply have `` made in korea '' VBN on the back of the NN .	22	23	VBP	have	has
possible NNS include former deputy prime minister kim NNP , shadow foreign minister kevin NNP and shadow health minister julia NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the society produces maps and NNS , the popular NN discover NNP island , island NNS and quarterly NNS .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
the upper middle class consists of highly educated JJ professionals whose work is largely JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
strong keep or merge yes hundreds do die , but this is a notable massacre and the names are short and should be included , they are the people who made up this tragedy .	17	18	VBP	are	is
such applications include NNS , VBG boxes for NN , heat lights for JJ tanks , VBD heating for industrial heating and NN processes , lava NNS , and the NNP NNP toy .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the individual named as VBG the paintings by our ip is an actual collector [ 11 ] .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN tower installation requires the added use of a NN pump in which to remove the water from the tower .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
in particular , a JJ NN of a NN at NNP discovered in 1999 is internationally famous .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
spider NNS are a commercial alternative that uses a single NNP system with ten points of attachment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his JJ output mainly consists of sacred music .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
all other trains except for some seasonal services are `` local '' services , stopping at all stations .	2	8	VBP	are	is
pretty notable as NN games go , but best described in the main article .	4	5	VBP	go	goes
NNP burn is an NN of the skin caused by using a NN blade or not using proper technique .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the ( apparently growing ) perception that only internet sources are relevant is not an accurate one and is not supported by wikipedia policy or guidelines .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
this type of problem happens even in large , clearly notable subject areas .	1	4	VBZ	happens	happen
NNP NN , NNP NN have different size , but look similar , so you have to decide how big the spider is .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
in NNP the quantum size effect is much more pronounced in the NN band due to the smaller effective mass than in the NN band , and this is the case with most NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
buses run from NNP to the surrounding villages .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
the NN VBZ on an JJ NN , or stem , bearing a head of small flowers which are white to pink with a darker NN .	1	2	VBZ	arises	arise
the article content , while potentially useful to some , is pretty much inherently JJ .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
one article says that NNP disease is found commonly in individuals with a JJ descent .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
its jurisdiction is nationwide , but based on subject matter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the same phenomenon appears in NNP and one area in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
note that this does not mean asking whether the links would be useful to someone looking into the topic on wikipedia , but instead how it helps the information as an NN article .	0	26	VBZ	helps	help
but with most modern computer systems many NNS in present rely on statistics even though such data are very much limited !	7	17	VBP	are	is
mumbai `` sweet '' NN incident NNP creek becomes sweet for one tide cycle .	7	8	VBZ	becomes	become
the JJ application is a JJ , third person , action shooter game .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i guess i thought society as a whole is VBN by advertisements and to me that 's why the kids are sick again .	19	20	VBP	are	is
this subfamily is more primitive then the living members of the family .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ zones occur in animals , at the body NNS .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
NNS provide NNS for NN to be carried inland , as does the NN of existing channels for navigation purposes .	0	1	VBP	provide	provides
the NNP blend mode VBZ the NN and NN of the bottom layer , while VBG the NN of the top layer .	3	4	VBZ	preserves	preserve
the harbor campus holds the business and continuing education division , while additional classes are held at the third location , the NNP road plaza .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the author writes under a nom de FW due to the sensitive nature of her source material .	1	2	VBZ	writes	write
the article consists of lots of lists and maps , no pictures .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
on november 3 , 2007 the girls cross country team ( led by coach rob NNP ) took the JJ state title , the first team state title in the short history of NNP ridge .	6	7	VBP	cross	crosses
these leaves turn brown as the eggs are laid , and may serve as NN .	1	2	VBP	turn	turns
other island groups in the vicinity include the NNP islands , NNP islands , miles islands , NNP islands , and sisters islands .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
JJ circuits are JJ NNS that connect JJ NN regions with the NN VBZ that NN motor , cognitive , and JJ programs within the brain ( alexander et al .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article is a part of a `` series '' that also has similar NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
any other NNS that can help me save the article are RB welcome .	2	10	VBP	are	is
its function is to record the slow , JJ slip between NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the list is clearly JJ and needs references , but it clearly meets verifiability as the articles linked to have references .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
game runs at 9 pm et in the NNP .	0	1	VBZ	runs	run
please check what the topic is before voting .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
sustained thought ( NN ) is the act of keeping the mind VBD , in the sense that it is subtle with the individual essence of continued pressure , like the NN of the bell .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP , CD ) , suggesting a JJ occurrence in the JJ populations , since the JJ form represents the JJ form ( NNP et al .	17	18	VBZ	represents	represent
source is the article from which the text was cut .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
her other teachers include trevor NNP , mary kay NNP , robert cole , and susan morris NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
afd outcome , as silver NNP so RB notes above .	1	8	VBZ	notes	note
our aim though is to give thorough , comprehensive , balanced treatment of topics .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
awards will be given by the NN after this drive ends .	9	10	VBZ	ends	end
for examples , NNP notes NNP `` an JJ term indicating mixed race or NN '' is the NNP name for NNP people and the NNP name for NNP people ; both the NNP and NNP use the chinese word NN NNP ( lit .	9	16	VBZ	is	are
once across the river , the route VBZ down in downtown pittsburgh at the famous golden triangle in point state park .	6	7	VBZ	touches	touch
the most common and JJ types of control NNS are JJ globe and angle NNS .	5	9	VBP	are	is
however , your restricted list of sources also limits the article .	4	8	VBZ	limits	limit
though legend places its first recruiting post at NNP NNP , historian edwin NNP VBZ that it was more likely the , a JJ owned by the nicholas family .	1	2	VBZ	places	place
the lyrics on `` hunting for happiness '' are in english .	1	8	VBP	are	is
NNP yet again won the league in JJ and this time reaches the playoff finals , yet again against NNP , and again was defeated .	10	11	VBZ	reaches	reach
the musical structure of the song is different to the conventional style which is normally used , as the song 's melody does not gain momentum until the end of the song instead of by the first chorus .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ hydraulic jump is most frequently seen on rivers and on VBN features such as NNS of NNS and irrigation works .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a related issue is whether it is better to reform NN to create a JJ society ( e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
capital note '' has a number of meanings , as it can be either an equity security , a debt security or a form of security used in structured finance .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the NNP profile shows 0 appearances in any league , let alone a JJ one .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the desired outcome is the difference frequency , which carries the information ( NN , phase , and frequency NN ) of the original higher frequency signal , but is VBG at a lower more easily processed carrier frequency .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
both winners of the vote are in bold .	1	5	VBP	are	is
but as it stands the article is an JJ mess .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP is an JJ NN curve , which means that the NN will take higher risk if the return of the portfolio is also higher .	19	23	VBZ	is	are
with the national carrier , NNP , and the egyptian authorities planning to develop the airport as a hub for the middle east and africa , the airport facilities are in constant development .	28	29	VBP	are	is
it would mean about five additional candidates per election , but since candidates typically receive hundreds of votes , spreading out the vote distribution would not be a problem -- the sample size would still be more than adequate .	12	14	VBP	receive	receives
been discussed on user 's talk page and in the edit log - which from the comments i think this user is aware of .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NNP may have been a good chess player and a controversial figure at times , but this article needs to be greatly VBN - take no mercy !	17	18	VBZ	needs	need
some verses in NN written by roger to maurice of NNP , the prior of NNP priory , are extant and have been published as part of maurice 's works .	1	18	VBP	are	is
the NNS consist of short JJ NNS of 4 to 6 flowers each .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
grand NNP dam to power NNP of january 2011 , the project is in the NN study stage .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
other studies and statements by NNS and NNS support this conclusion .	1	8	VBP	support	supports
NN , the subject of this article appears never to have been described or cited in any JJ source except for sources written by the algorithm 's author , j .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear
but the station is VBN into NN because lady NNP does n't have a tv license .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when the ph is neutral , the NNS are purple , when RB , red , and when NN , blue .	7	8	VBP	are	is
licensed NNS require the approval of the national NN .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
the author has since said that he has moved on from the strip and has no intention of continuing the project beyond the written conclusion .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
growth NN NN is more common in people with an underlying NN than those with other causes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP - western canadian place - north the south tower is shorter , standing only 30 NNS for a height of CD meters ( CD feet ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i agree that NNS are notable , but as far as i can see , this is the only local NN in north america that has its own article separate from the main station article .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the outer JJ tips are deep purple , the inner much lighter to nearly white .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the common practice in NNP is to VB ' over the NNS at the NNP stage .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
for 70 years the NN and influential american architect philip johnson held that the profession has no functional responsibility whatsoever , and this is one of the many views today .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
on the title page of the CD bible , the JJ NN appears to have the face of NNP NNP .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
the meeting offers courses and NNS , a trade show , performances by selected schools , and the NN events , the NNP honor bands in orchestral , concert , and jazz music .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the telephone VBG code is CD , despite the rest of NNP having the CD code .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the glacier is northwest of norman clyde peak ( ) a small ridge VBZ the glacier from the adjacent but larger middle NNP glacier located less than to the southeast .	12	13	VBZ	separates	separate
a reader who is following links within wikipedia is unlikely to end up at tree ( set theory ) if one were looking for other types of trees , since tree does not redirect there .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
to the left of this gap , any NNS select entire lines , and any VBP up or down select many lines at once .	8	9	VBP	select	selects
all images need to be in their correct place .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
her full name is NNP NNP NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that article was particularly meaningful for me in the way i think about user experience as i think it identifies core issues that not just women face , but many new or potential editors .	25	26	VBP	face	faces
these aspects of creative expression allow NNP youth to maintain a strong tie to their JJ communities that , while informed by an american experience , also adds elements and NNS to american culture .	1	5	VBP	allow	allows
several drugs including NN and NN are similar to NN in that they VBP with NN NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the shelter rule also applies to the transfer of JJ instruments .	2	4	VBZ	applies	apply
the extent to which process control is complete and NN is high resolution so as to be comprehensive determines the extent to which NNS will be prevented .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
many chemical gases are not JJ from NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the latest version features new backgrounds ( sweet spot and JJ patriots ' hall , JJ independence day NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
plantation is the name of the following places in the u .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
if the number of authorized oak leaf clusters VBZ four , a second ribbon is authorized for wear and is worn after the first ribbon .	2	8	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
a watch is first issued if the arrival time for a potential NN is more than 2 hours from the time of the warning .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
some other researchers dispute the NN of reduction in vehicle weight and increased fuel economy .	2	3	VBP	dispute	disputes
adults tend to be JJ and found in deeper water in a range of habitats including NNS , offshore JJ NNS , broken bottom and deep reef , also VBG into JJR water on occasion .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
without a formal government structure , groups of editors tend to arise who with JJ approval of the community , enforce a regime allowing the editing of articles and policy pages to proceed .	6	9	VBP	tend	tends
this short film is available in dvd in north america since it is included in the claire 's knee criterion collection dvd .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the residents of NNP , who mostly settled in NNP NNP and NNP da NNP and along the NN , took a brave stand against king philip ii of spain upon his NN to the portuguese throne in CD .	1	13	VBP	da	da
NNP , the isaac NNP NNP page has the details .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
over 1 , 200 students successfully complete their course of studies each year .	4	6	VBP	complete	completes
the story begins september 1941 just before the attack on pearl harbor .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
no one has said every sentence needs JJ NN ; no one has said that every reference to every idea needs it ; and no one has said there should be full citations in the text .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
an 1895 source describes it as `` the only indian mound now remaining in the vicinity of cincinnati .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
since NNS are invisible , it is now necessary to rely on NN experts to make food choices .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS that they are already in a war , and even if the NN for it is false , they must still fight on it .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
the officers of the teams also typically wear all white and the line members wear school colors .	1	7	VBP	wear	wears
the human races , by their natural and JJ characters , are so different from each other that , the NN of them is further from the highest race than of the highest animal species .	2	11	VBP	are	is
additional improvements to network performance are also underway with the deployment of the network operations common operating picture ( NNP NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this category is for articles about naming and NNS listing types of names .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most significant NN with the demonstration is RB that the interface only allows users to edit a small number of JJ articles , thus avoiding the problem of understanding potentially difficult NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP article makes it sound like a character from NNP , but as far as i can tell it 's actually a player 's character , which makes this vanity and not notable in the least .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the mineral occurs in JJ JJ deposits .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
indeed the army has an officer training academy and a small trade training capacity , which is being VBN by australian personnel .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNS contain the native great basin NN .	0	1	VBP	contain	contains
church members from muslim backgrounds face JJ `` persecution '' , including from family members .	1	5	VBP	face	faces
the municipality covers an area of , and has a population of CD ( as at 2005 ) .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
if a reader wants a more technical view , then they can read technical work on the subject .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
i am afraid this place is beyond hope sandy .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and NNP are readily available through the share network .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the older models set , while the JJ systems have .	8	9	VBP	have	has
NNS is a rising concern in clinical NN , because the JJ window of most NN drugs is narrow and patients with JJ ability to VB drugs will undergo JJ NNS .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
this region includes the cities of santa barbara , NNP , and NNP , as well as the unincorporated areas of hope ranch , NNP , mission canyon , NNP and NNP vista .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
welcome thousands of other NNS exist ] , VBG to a vast range of special interests .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists
you will notice that the article has a heavy emphasis on spain .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the video ends with a NN closing .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the girls take their new treasure home .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
this is based on the belief that the traditional academic development that is characteristic of most education institutions is only one of the multiple NNS that need developing in a school .	10	18	VBZ	is	are
please feel free to VB the issue in the future if the NNP wiki becomes a stable and JJ resource with independent references to it .	13	14	VBZ	becomes	become
an image of an existing piece of infrastructure is not an illustration of planning ( i .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
well , i can do that , but the pictures remain in JJ format , and can not be viewed .	9	10	VBP	remain	remains
the NNP speak of the story VBZ it is described how NNP won the hand of NNP by VBG the divine cow in order to fulfill the NN of NNP that WP first goes round the whole earth will win the hand of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	wherein	wherein
NNP let is a novel by JJ author NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tour , scheduled to last from september to november 2010 , has , as of october , sold out every venue .	1	12	VBZ	has	have
the way it reads seems to indicate that the more someone pays the more effective the treatment will be .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
actually , the hit list is a poor NN , since that was just content on his userpage , whereas this is a NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the player survives the blast to the surprise of NNP , who decides to try and rescue the player if they manage to reach the surface before the satellite VBZ for a second blast .	1	2	VBZ	survives	survive
park swimming NNP complex comprises an olympic VBD swimming pool with a diving area .	3	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
this district is accessible by route 3 general NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN and NN NN striking difference between the vienna NNP and the others is that the munich and the NNP NNP contain the so-called NN NN , the letters to and from the various NNS with whom NNP dealt , which is lacking in the vienna NNP .	6	14	VBZ	is	are
regular NN service begins over the english channel ( discontinued in 2000 due to the channel tunnel ) .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the NN trail is a highly linear loop bounded by hancock brook on east .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the hosting company takes the position that as a matter of principle , it will not turn over identifying information about NNS without a court order .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the university of NNP is a college of the university of NNP , the second largest university in france with approximately 35 , 000 students , including nearly 5 , 000 on the university pole of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it 's the JJ line that runs down from the point midway between the middle of the NN and the lateral end of the NN ; the lateral end of the NN is the end closer to the arm .	28	32	VBZ	is	are
the main street has automobile and furniture show rooms .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
a variety intermediate to the NN proper and the lost ones also exists .	2	12	VBZ	exists	exist
the NN NNP NNP proposed another hypothesis , namely that NNP 's tomb is an JJ structure west of the pyramid of NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the host holds a black rose and introduces the six other personalities one by one .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
a JJ car is also a combined cycle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first known written example of finnish comes from this era and was found in a german travel journal dating back to c .	4	7	VBZ	comes	come
the NN NNP ending of the NNS becomes the new verb ending .	3	7	VBZ	becomes	become
clients include sony NNP , emi , paul smith , NNP records , NNP magazine , rough trade records , fierce NNP records and NNP records .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
its members are individuals , schools and institutions throughout europe with decades of experience in democratic education .	1	2	VBP	are	is
one author suggests that the 1927 blues song `` jim jackson 's kansas city blues '' is a `` remote cousin '' .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
a NNP community is an area or habitat in which the influences of the human race have prevented the NN from developing further .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
though he had the advantage on the NNP knights as they can not kill a normal human , deciding to go through with it despite the NNP armor still not VBN , NNP 's scheme to convert NNP with the final NNP horror plant fails .	34	44	VBZ	fails	fail
our own related NNP , although new , might counter that , but the bottom line is how users find it most easy to get to the content they want .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the river begins in the central NNP highland plateau , in the suburbs northwest of the capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
in fact , the virus works so quickly in killing its host after infection that seeing a red NN with NN is uncommon even though the disease may be highly prevalent in a red NN population .	4	5	VBZ	works	work
the issue is of notability , while china and india have notable speculation on its rise .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
suspension is a punishment in sport where players are banned from playing a certain number of future games .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
its mode of action is JJ NN , and NN of NN NN ( NNP ) NN NNS , part of the NN NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
at one point , a NN RB calls in and says that the large book of NNS he is holding NNS like the yellow pages ' .	5	7	VBZ	calls	call
the NN system will exhibit a RB darker brown color as the disease VBZ , in addition to possible NNS on the stem .	12	13	VBZ	progresses	progress
thus , whereas NNP NN is circular in the nucleus of RB infected cells , it is VBN into JJ NNS as a linear molecule .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
understanding the NN of NNP 's situation , the spa owner gives her the business card of NNP von NNP , a woman who specializes in beauty and youth NN .	10	11	VBZ	gives	give
the conclusion that our NN does not need JJ support is also important in discussions about the NN of JJ descriptions of meaning and NN , which james attempts to provide , in contrast to JJ approaches or some forms of NN that claim that meaning is an NN .	45	46	VBZ	is	are
however , evidence against this hypothesis is the fact that the first sharp turn was too wide and circular to cause any damage , and that the final turn , while considered sharp , was far too slow for any structural failure to occur .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the second possible model of JJ mediation involves a new variable which VBZ the relationship between the independent variable and the NN ( the a path ) .	3	7	VBZ	involves	involve
the narrow , deep channel VBG this island from NNP island is a NN from the station to the NNP bay area by water .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
but NN orientation is highly variable and may have been more determined by local NN than by desire for symbolic orientation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in network theory generally , the topic being discussed is at least very closely related to NN theory , and i would definitely expect social network NNS to be interested in it .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP recommendation is in bold within each .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ NN 's JJ field has two angles only .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the article about students meeting the manga artist is a NN by the school district and thus also JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
i admit that i have edit VBN with the user , but the behavior is just too JJ to take very seriously .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
article references are all trivial mentions of band .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in some cases the NN is in the ability to recognize spoken words and in other cases unable to recognize environmental sounds .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
roger NNP writes , `` the movie contains big NNS and moments of genuine feeling , but it seems to be put together out of JJ NNS that were never assembled into one NN story line .	6	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the south korean part of the line is long between NNP and NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the album includes the groups ' only major successful single , `` the rapper .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP response ( RB ) , but the only reason i was so brief is that i did not see how the statement requires further NN .	22	23	VBZ	requires	require
i have anything against them , i just think the argument about at least the NN having the most factual image available is a pretty sound one .	10	22	VBZ	is	are
they would almost certainly deny that the mind simply is the brain , or NN , finding the idea that there is just one JJ entity at play to be too JJ , or simply JJ .	7	9	VBZ	is	are
dense NN NNS and covers the hills round the year and thus gets the NN NNP ( in the native language of NNP ) and the temple of NNP ( lord krishna ) gives the full name of NNP NNP NNP .	6	7	VBP	round	rounds
when the puzzle is complete , all rope segments are white .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
like NN , miami bass , baltimore club and NNP music , NN is a highly regional form of urban dance music .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
well husband is NNP and wife is NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
back in the temple , the workers that had been afraid of NNP accidentally break an arm off of one of her statues as they were taking it down .	6	14	VBP	break	breaks
the rooms contain NNS of the two saints , and are decorated with paintings from the lives of the saints .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
if anything schools attract a wider audience to wikipedia when students find an article on their own school here .	10	11	VBP	find	finds
if you click on the image in question , it will take you to a page which gives some more information on where the image comes from ( this is usually the case with images on wikipedia ) .	24	25	VBZ	comes	come
the next day , while looking for a missing cat , anne finds her in one of the property 's NNS , which had been NNS due to them containing alexander 's manuscript papers .	2	12	VBZ	finds	find
some species also have JJ bones in the NN , but these are not attached to the bones of the shell .	1	3	VBP	have	has
i said this image is no more JJ than any other non-free image .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
bar a few JJ issues , i think this page is good enough to feature .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the drill test is a sequence of simple drill VBZ essential for forming NNS and a good foundation to build on for more advanced drill .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other churches of the anglican NNP each have their own authorized prayer books which in general follow the NNS described above though the details and languages used do vary .	23	27	VBP	do	does
the film presents a RB VBN account of the events surrounding the assassination of democratic greek politician NNP NNP in 1963 .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
this image does it in a way that is less offense than most any other image available .	1	2	VBZ	does	do
while breaks of gauge are generally located near borders , a line carrying iron ore from ukraine extends into JJ territory to a NNS near NNP see also rail gauge in slovakia .	11	17	VBZ	extends	extend
its cast includes NNP NNP , liu NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , sa NNP , zhang NNP NNP NNP , and anthony wong .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
a prisoner VBZ NNP NNP of the torture that NNP had VBN him to VB what makes social worker VBN to NNS who VBZ him of the NN and the plan of NNP to kill carlos alberto .	1	2	VBZ	warns	warn
portrait of a young NNP woman is a small NN length oil on NN panel painting by the german artist NNP NNP from CD .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the habitat consists of JJ woodland .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
sex is a 2000 film written and directed by NNP NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the statement on the NNS hosting the memorial cup seems VBN in the middle of that sentence .	1	9	VBZ	seems	seem
a professional since 1992 , NNP has had little success in ranking events , although he reached the NNS of the uk championship in 1998 , and his highest break is CD from 2002 .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
a study published by the national research council in 1993 determined that for NNS and children , the major source of exposure to NNS is through diet .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
and other NNS as well if you find it JJ .	2	7	VBP	find	finds
one result of debates over the meaning and validity of the concept of race is that the current literature across different disciplines regarding human variation lacks consensus , though within some fields , such as some branches of anthropology , there is strong consensus .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
sales of NNP books are large , with an estimated 600 , 000 annual sales in france alone , and growing popularity in india , a large market for NNP books .	0	4	VBP	are	is
she does not want to leave because she wants a relationship with NNS , but feels she has to leave because the job is such a great opportunity .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the NNP ali NNP is located on a hill where the bridge connecting NNP east to NNP west ends .	11	18	VBZ	ends	end
the females give birth to one or two young with twins being more common in the eastern part of the range .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
the area is now home to the NNP state recreation area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
lyrics for all songs are in the turkish language , with NNP being the only instrumental piece .	0	4	VBP	are	is
but the article badly needs more solid referencing .	2	4	VBZ	needs	need
the formation of mind from elements individually JJ of thought is the central theme of part iii , `` from hardware to software '' .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
part of the green belt , its population is static .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
canadian adult NNS take the same tests as juvenile NNS ( there are no adult tests ) .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
yes , but this article includes not only arab groups .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
delete - this list is far to broadly defined and as such can never hope to be complete .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it 's like asking george lucas why you can hear the JJ NNS in space if space is a vacuum .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the trail is approximately 8 kilometers long and features a wide range of terrain ranging from open meadows to thick jungle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sculpture park is open RB , from april to october .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the term has been supposed to VB in a resemblance to the dog DT NN , but the original idea of a NN NN is a sufficient explanation .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
the articles are not places to VB with exact details of the everyday lives of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as originally depicted , black NNP 's costume had the JJ equivalent of NNS , but due to mistakes in VBG and animation , in later episodes his legs are bare .	28	29	VBP	are	is
these are latin named or VBN organizations whose purposes vary from society to society .	8	9	VBP	vary	varies
route CD is from route 69 [ route CD ] near NNP to route 1 [ route 101 ] near NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 3 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
physical copies can also be bought at concerts where the band uses a `` pay what you want '' NN model .	10	11	VBZ	uses	use
some people barely sense what the spirits tell them in an entirely JJ way , and are not aware about their influence , while others have greater NN of their guidance .	6	7	VBP	tell	tells
time has a definite relationship to power .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the children leave him to his fate ; they do n't know if the snake got him or not , but he did not show up again .	1	2	VBP	leave	leaves
the only RB identified source is `` NNP , part two '' from the 23 october 1975 concert at NNP NNP halls .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
effectively serving as the NNP information centre , this former tourist information centre is open to the public free of charge seven days a week during the summer and at weekends during the winter .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the following figures show a graph ( left , with blue NNS ) and its line graph ( right , with green NNS ) .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
people contribute because they want a better encyclopedia .	0	1	VBP	contribute	contributes
the VBN mutual information or NNP VBZ the NN value of the mi , so that the NNP is zero when two different NNS are random , and one when two NNS are identical .	31	32	VBP	are	is
NNP would be a better place to answer questions like that , but looking at certain NNS i doubt that the two editors are the same person .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the NNS and NNS are bright yellow or white .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the show includes a confrontation between NNP and one NN , as well as NNS and interviews with law enforcement agents .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this category includes organizations of or for military veterans .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP mine is a large copper mine located in the south of russia in NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the group comprises 2010 fifa world cup winners spain , france , belarus , georgia and finland .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
in late 2009 , the building is vacant and available for sale or for rent .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the major advantage of NNP is no moving parts are used which may be subject to VBG .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
providing service for both the blue and yellow lines , this is the NN transfer station for the blue and yellow lines , as the two lines VBP just south of the station .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
students have the opportunity to VB in advanced placement ( ap ) courses at NNP high school .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the JJ explanation for the NN comes from the NNP religion , a NN that VBZ mother sun and father moon .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come
the meaning of this configuration is that a NN must not turn either left or right .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the planned name for the park is NNP field , as first announced by the NNP city council after meeting with NNP on november 8 , 2006 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the phrase `` blue corn moon '' has no actual meaning in native american folklore .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
used RB , the phrase means `` the NN and NN of this JJ life .	4	5	VBZ	means	mean
the second issue is that the court has expressed concern about some of the JJ reporting in this case .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i depend primarily on my own NN , google books , open access journals and ( free ) online material of universities , so JJ access would be a great help , since many important journal publications are not available for free online .	36	37	VBP	are	is
the last character is a NN girl ( played by amber NNP ) who comes RB to l .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the original school was situated in `` NNP hall '' and the first edition of the NNP survey map ( 1848 ) shows it was at the end of a short track off NNP lane , now liverpool road .	13	22	VBZ	shows	show
the music directors are NNP phillip , NNP and NNP with lyrics written by NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when an admin thinks the community would agree , just ask the community up front .	2	3	VBZ	thinks	think
the other celebrities are actual celebrities .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the line provides the only rail access to NNP and the NNP , albeit one that requires any journey to or from the rest of austria to pass through german territory .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
a JJ service tower exists to the north of the building .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
this term holds significance for ulster NNS , given the ulster NNP , and is unusual enough that it would be memorable to who received the call .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
in its most basic form the combat system is an opposed roll of two NNS , with additions and NNS for character skills and environmental factors .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
delete this article has hardly any information about the website .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
that is where the album `` NNP '' VBZ from .	4	8	VBZ	originates	originate
this problem per se is not greatly important , yet it shows the JJ genius of NNP as it was a problem which was independently VBN by johann and NNP NNP more than a century later with less success .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's NNS are in classical ottoman and persian tradition of the JJ century NNP school and are exceptional in their JJ attention to detail .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NNS part is what makes the article objective by providing some context to the data .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
route 95 is a highway in southern missouri .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
during the summer , the city offers `` friday after 5 '' , a free JJ series of outdoor concerts on the downtown NN .	5	6	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP 's two claims about his NNS ( that is , either deny that NNP cases are justified true beliefs , or else accept that NNP cases are knowledge after all ) .	15	16	VBP	are	is
here , the NNS considered of successive terms , instead of a rational function of n , are a rational function of NN .	3	17	VBP	are	is
from my experience , people who come to wikipedia with a marketing background are unable to tell the difference between a neutral and factual article and a promotional one .	4	13	VBP	are	is
the files are there , but not where the links point .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS mountains to the south and west , the NNP NNP , which includes NNP lake , and the NNP and ruby range to the east and north , which are part of the NNP plateau .	1	30	VBP	are	is
thus , the exterior of a protein is typically JJ , whereas the interior is typically JJ .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
because each program runs in its own virtual machine , the concept may be VBN to a process in other operating systems , while the CD series process is more like a thread .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
my understanding is that all of the documents in that suit are public , in that any member of the public can access them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the vehicle is unusual in that it was used by the philippine national police the civilian national police force of the republic of the philippines , but only used on one island .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yeah , the problem is that the will is impossible ( even ignoring the NN of NNS ) to fulfill as stated .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if some of you are worried too many genres are being added in , lets have some sort of official discussion to decide what is what , and that will be the law .	14	15	VBP	have	has
the current portfolio of NNP includes ten peer-reviewed electronic journals , a platform called NNP for academics to create online professional pages , and the online law review paid submission program NNP .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
smaller creatures have a higher perception and NNP base scores , while larger creatures have a higher NNP and strength base scores .	13	14	VBP	have	has
there has been much attention given to the lack of support the government has these days , and this is the main demonstration of that , if you like .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the capacity of the NNP is 700 NNP , thus i figure i should be able to fit 500 photos on a disk .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this NN exists to coordinate an effort to merge these existing JJ articles .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the example for NN is a 2008 case in which a man reported himself for making NN after he became ill in his NN and required medical assistance .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
only sources of notability are primary sources .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the attitude of the subject is personal , often wearing a slight NN , but somehow always feels a little staged .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
founded in 1920 , the practice has offices in london , brighton , oxford and munich .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the falls lie on a burn that flows from loch NNP on the ross of NNP over high cliffs above NNP bay .	1	2	VBP	lie	lie
the message is not the problem ; the messenger is .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the house is in two NNS , and has a rear wing , giving it a JJ plan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
brazilian wedding ceremonies normally follow christian traditions closely .	2	4	VBP	follow	follows
educational institutions in bay ridge include ; p .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
similarly , only mammals possess a true NN , although a NN of JJ NN is found in a similar position in many other groups .	3	4	VBP	possess	possesses
lead , the lead is a summary of the article .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the nearest railway station is in south NNP , although the parish lies near to the NNP , providing easy access to NNP , and the NNP to NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a second park level includes large open spaces of grass and native NN , crossed by paths running in a southwest direction , VBG the river .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
this release also lacks the episode title cards , though the episodes are listed on the dvd case and NN .	1	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
admission to the JJ program is extremely competitive .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
a modern design aesthetic is visible in both the building design and NNS .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
impossible dreams are to be pursued for the JJ wonder of the possibility of their completion .	1	2	VBP	are	is
national costumes , or folk NNS , vary from region to region in style , design , color , material , shape and form .	1	7	VBP	vary	varies
thus the initial vision of two men becomes reality .	3	7	VBZ	becomes	become
the white horse is similar to the one used in the coat of arms for the county of kent in england which is likely to have originated from the NNP area .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the castle also contains a large set of doors which act as a portal between the digital world and multiple other dimensions , including earth 's .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
material in these categories needs to be restricted for legal or ethical reasons ; other material is JJ and should be accessible to the community .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
other prominent sites include the town of NNP , a NN site called the NNP of NNP , and the magical tower of stone known as NNP 's NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
to improve collaboration between participants , the industry needs tools that work well , appropriate processes to implement them , and the right approach from the people involved .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
by a complex formula ( made so by the 0 reference point not falling on the border of an NNP ) , these codes VBP to 59 bc for the birth , 17 ad for the death .	23	24	VBP	correspond	corresponds
williams students often take the winter study term to study abroad or work on intensive research projects .	1	3	VBP	take	takes
the series was held early in september because of the world war i `` work or fight '' order that forced the JJ end of the regular season on september 1 , and remains the only world series to be played entirely in september .	18	33	VBZ	remains	remain
edward i issued a NN that no NNP may VB or VB in any of the towns which the queen has for her NN , so the jews of worcester were moved to NNP .	19	20	VBZ	has	have
performances take place in the concert rooms at st george 's hall , liverpool between 25 august - 11 september .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
the NNP slogan is `` american 's favorite food company !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main purpose of these units is to help farmers who are VBG losses in agriculture by making them switch over to dairy farming and VB profits .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the fact that there is no article covering english NNS means that someone should create one , not that all other articles of the type should be deleted .	1	10	VBZ	means	mean
ad sees him as an enemy but NNP sees him also as a friend .	0	1	VBZ	sees	see
that image is unlikely to be appropriate under the non-free content criteria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
keep , ministers of education are notable .	2	5	VBP	are	is
notable NNS include a japanese bridge , the NNP tower , NNP , and the JJ victorian church .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
although NNS in all three genes have been documented , but clinical NN is available only for NNP ( 12 ) .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP white eggs fall easily from the female to the ground or from the animal she VBZ on .	2	3	VBP	fall	falls
moreover , teachers in the NNS and other theological institutions also make JJ contributions to nation building .	2	11	VBP	make	makes
some brands contain NN and some contain JJ alcohol .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the single figure in the bottom corner suggests a JJ existence , a difficult spiritual path that is VBN in the steep NNS .	2	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest
roman catholic students attend st NNP ' college ( boys ) or saint mary 's college ( girls ) .	2	3	VBP	attend	attends
a standard NN practice is to grow trees in a soil mixture that VBZ rapidly , so that roots are not allowed to be wet for long .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the saxon meaning of NNP is a JJ hollow .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ runner takes one or two steps before looking back to get the exchange .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the noun on which the NN is VBN , in this case , is never explicitly mentioned but the NN knows what is being referred to .	19	20	VBZ	knows	know
however , he explains that VBP VBG down through NNP is not convincing to JJ arab viewers ; DT 's why pictures of these things are so vital .	21	25	VBP	are	is
the video begins with a shot of the super NNP animals ' POS ' logo which appears on the cover of the ice hockey hair ep .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
another new feature is that they are the first series of cars that will be originally manufactured with the VBG brake NNS on the far ends of each car .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
could well be - or more to the point a flag is a good NN image for anyone on a specific mission to introduce a new `` product '' such as a constructed language .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
its typical habitat is NNS , NNS , NNS , and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
really , a good 3rr report is n't that hard .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the pursuit of the public good by VBG civil society and social justice is the ultimate goal of the field .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the NN is still of unknown structure but it VBZ the formation of NNP NNS in the blood NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ colors include black , NN , and chocolate .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in labor relations is commonly used among people who hold positions of importance in companies in personnel management , workers refer to as `` blacks '' .	19	20	VBP	refer	refers
and since then the name of the field becomes NNP NNP math .	4	8	VBZ	becomes	become
the town is famous for its JJ market , which is alive with visitors all week long and especially on NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the more convincing reason is that tv is less JJ in the uk , indeed all JJ channels have some public service conditions to their license ( see public service broadcasting in the united kingdom ) .	17	18	VBP	have	has
the name of the alumni association is the university of auckland society .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
only source is the book itself .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the centres offer a broad range of courses that enable students to prepare for university degrees , learn english , or study at JJ level .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
i believe that too many problems come from people thinking only of their best contributions and ignoring the point of the place .	5	6	VBP	come	comes
the source is the book , so it is presented as a book cite , and the link is merely there as a JJ addition for readers to quickly access the text - if it is possible in their territory .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town is a destination for residents of smaller areas located around NNP , VBG several stores such as NNP , NNP , NNP express , and one of ireland 's largest NNP stores .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most of the time , loose leaf paper comes in two types , which are either wide ruled or college ruled .	7	8	VBZ	comes	come
part of the story takes place in NNP '' ) .	0	4	VBZ	takes	take
the JJ NNS of the NNS bear JJ NNS of skin .	2	6	VBP	bear	bears
the hero attempts to rescue him and VBZ but in the process , NNS and falls to the world below .	1	2	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the chapter organization seems JJ , and the prose is n't too good .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the scheduled travel time to park street from heath street is about 22 minutes .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
such NNS are the result of NNS in the genes VBG these NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
another aspect i am wondering about is privacy concerns .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the newly registered editors are also said to have been not VBN ) ; ( b ) full protection of a page is when all but administrators are prevented from editing that page .	3	4	VBP	are	is
i suspect your issue is with NNS and not this person at all .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
under NN assumptions about error NNS , the counterpart of the sum of squares due to error has a NNP distribution .	8	17	VBZ	has	have
with a population of CD , CD ( city ) and CD , CD ( municipality ) as of the 2010 census , NNP is the JJ city in the state .	8	24	VBZ	is	are
drawing on john cage 's ideas of the whole world as composition , NN researchers investigate people 's attitudes to VB as a whole rather than individual aspects - and look at how the entire environment can be changed to be more VBG to the ear .	14	15	VBP	investigate	investigates
the final form of the NN is fully JJ , with a range of an JJ and half starting from f above middle c ; the NN provides NNS for c , d and g .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
historic places in east NNP include the numerous red and brown sandstone NNS that gave the town its industrial NNS and from which the original NNP institution building in washington was VBN , and the NNP NNP house , the NNP NNP house and the first NNP church .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the city is surrounded by NN green forest and the region is popular for a large number of NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the sequence ( 2 , 0 ) VBZ the sequence ( 1 , 1 ) , thus the NN holds by VBG .	18	19	VBZ	holds	hold
a school employee includes a teacher , school administrator , student teacher , safety or resource officer , coach , and other school employee .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
cite templates are NN with small errors and in VBG the iso dating , it was not possible to change the date style to meet the standard already in the article , so it was rewritten not reverted .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the irish design shows an irish NN ( the NNP , see NNP ) used as a national symbol ( for example , on the seal of the president of ireland ) .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
in reversed phase we have just the opposite ; the JJ phase is JJ and the mobile phase is polar .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
when the group sing the song in the tv movie , back to the NNS , it differs slightly from the music video .	2	17	VBZ	differs	differ
according to the united states census bureau , the community has a total area of 2 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
pace suburban buses stop on north 5th avenue and one block to the north on lake street .	2	3	VBP	stop	stops
thus , although the NNP group is traditionally considered an east low german group , it is in fact a link between eastern and western dialects .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in the evening , passenger trains also run from NNP depot to NNP , then back to NNP .	5	7	VBP	run	runs
if the artist he produced or VBN wins a grammy , he gets a citation not the trophy .	2	7	VBZ	wins	win
a man has JJ or JJ sex with one partner , while himself being RB VBN by another ( possibly with a JJ NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the building is a NN between the greek revival and NNP styles and feature simple NN that VBZ with a neighboring building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
points of interest include NNP hill garden .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNP languages are a NN of NNP languages VBD zone b .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the world of the book takes its NN from NNP 's brilliant but JJ NN 's NN .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take
use of the term `` JJ '' refers to the cycle in which the salt moves from sea to land and is then VBN by NN back to the sea .	14	15	VBZ	moves	move
the village is notable for its NN , the national dance of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an electronic drum is an electronic NN that VBZ an acoustic drum kit .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the highway after the toll road , now designated solely as NNP , continues JJ towards michigan city and detroit .	1	13	VBZ	continues	continue
his most famous work is like the NNP and other poems , which won the commonwealth literary award for poetry in 1940 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the main focus of the business is to add value to naturally coloured raw NN which it VBZ from farmers , NNS and rare sheep NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
however , a NNP filter does this in a much more formal and JJ manner .	4	5	VBZ	does	do
NNP position is a body position intermediate between NN and pike , and is used in multiple NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , this one sentence is not worth keeping .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this notion of VBG NNS is quite simply VB .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
and yes , policy says `` primary sources may be used to make JJ claims .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
NNP NNP 's sculpture the political prisoner is in its entrance hall .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
in the next dramatic scene , french civilians watch in NN as a convoy of german troops march into france and take control .	7	8	VBP	watch	watches
the lab also serves as a key resource for research in materials science and JJ matter physics .	1	3	VBZ	serves	serve
a checkuser is irrelevant when the VBG style is so similar and the ability to get two different ips on two different computers is so easy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a user whose first edit is an NNP case is quite suspicious .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the municipality comprises the villages of NNP , NNP proper , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
this album is now the property of NNP ' joe records , who owns the JJ luke records catalog .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the location of NNP is south of the municipality of NNP , but north of NNP and NNP , and west of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
following the NNP style from NNP a male dancer uses these same NNP movements to VB princes and generals .	8	9	VBZ	uses	use
both NNP and NNP NNS are heavily VBN , a characteristic that scientists believe may mask the NNP NNS of the NNP NN giving the virus resistance to the virus VBG NNS .	12	13	VBP	believe	believes
given the high mass , this planet is likely to be a gas giant , or possibly a small brown dwarf depending on the orbital NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
sections and RB used to be a `` NNP '' section where the hosts VBP about certain features of various mac os x applications they wish would be improved .	13	14	VBP	complain	complains
this category is for games manufactured by NNP toys , sometimes known as the w .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
please note that of the 29 , over 14 references are NNS related to the article .	9	10	VBP	are	is
apple NN is a NN generally made from NNS and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the result of molecular binding is the formation of a molecular complex .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
its biography explains it to be JJ creature .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
all times below are correct .	1	3	VBP	are	is
irc channels , i gather that this request came as a surprise to at least some NNS .	1	4	VBP	gather	gathers
another NNP NNP subsidiary is NNP co .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ contract is a financial or investment contract .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there is no consensus here to `` VB '' , but folks are welcome to be bold and try that if they like .	11	12	VBP	are	is
other shops accept , or even expect , customers to VB and may not have any posted prices for items .	1	2	VBP	accept	accepts
as NNP gill 's cousin and NNP gill 's nephew , NNP is bent on restoring the NNP empire to its former glory , VBG the aid of the NNP in search of phantom ranger keys and gain the greatest power in the universe .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
this page provides the list of protected areas and pictures associated with the facilities and activities available in each area .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
a fifth wheel trailer VBZ more RB than a traditional travel trailer because the NN weight sits directly over the NN truck 's rear NNS .	15	16	VBZ	sits	sit
the use of a baby image for the NN however makes it fall under JJ and JJ .	1	10	VBZ	makes	make
this list only contains drivers who registered for the championship .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
clouds are the cause of VBG wind .	0	1	VBP	are	is
bear in mind that when parties bring forth a request for arbitration , that all parties involved should expect to have their editing history , block logs and other related evidence reviewed .	5	6	VBP	bring	brings
other physicians would join NNP arguing that the symptoms exhibited by NNP , match a tropical disease and since these are rare in morocco , doctors RB diagnosed it first as a NN NN then as food NN .	8	13	VBP	match	matches
they praised the atmosphere , but found the frequency of deaths interrupted the gameplay and VBD the NN ; `` consistency is what this game is lacking ; sometimes the game is unfair .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
it is owned by NNP since 1992 and the chief executive is NNP NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
SYM - i have no idea if it 's important or not , but the ink that was colored on is mostly white , with some of the shirt and a small portion of black ink being covered by black marker .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
his website makes no statements about his notability beyond the average college prof , so he fails the professor test .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
when playing as the survivors , the goal remains the same as the normal campaign mode .	7	8	VBZ	remains	remain
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are NNP and JJ JJ , whereas its two products are JJ and NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the manufacturing plant in franklin , indiana specializes in lighter gauge VBG up to 400 tons , plus NNP and resistance NN , tube NN , NN , and forming .	2	7	VBZ	specializes	specialize
the protein portions are able to leave through the very JJ NN NN and enter the NN space in order to flow in the JJ fluid ( NNP ) , eventually ending up in the JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the character appears on the cover , drawn by shannon NNP , and there is a title track ( originally intended to be music for an animated series based on the character ) as well as a cover of the richard miles composition `` the coffee song '' .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
filming was completed in one day , on 22 july 1905 ( another source has 21 july ) .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
overall my impression is that the user wants to help improve the encyclopedia , but very much has his own ways of doing things - which sometimes conflict with standards or the opinions of others and bring him into disputes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town has a sports club NNP , established in 1947 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the cardinals are members of the NNP conference , although they will not play a full conference schedule until 2011 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP diving classes are also available .	2	3	VBP	are	is
barbara NNP assists students with learning disabilities and related disorders complete their college education .	9	10	VBP	complete	completes
NNP village is a past winner of the best kept village in hampshire competition and a recent winner of best small village in hampshire .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , in a fictional universe where artistic style never VBZ past the 1950s .	8	10	VBZ	progresses	progress
generally speaking , the best way to do so is to approach the author first .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
he VBZ the NN as a means to ward off NNS ( the practical women consider it silly ) , VBZ the first NN and in a brilliant revelation , VBZ that the moon woman was the first woman .	14	15	VBP	consider	considers
theater '' is an ongoing project since 2004 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the wings are short , with 10 NNS and about 11 NNS ; the tail long and rounded .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the collection features the first appearance of companion NNP miller in print .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
flag states adopt these regulations for their ships by VBG individual treaties .	1	2	VBP	adopt	adopts
the female students wear a traditional pakistani NN NN with a NN which is white , with a thin red pattern along its borders .	2	3	VBP	wear	wears
crime opportunity theory is a theory that suggests that NNS make rational choices and thus choose targets that offer a high reward with little effort and risk .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another method is to fill your NN halfway with ground NN NN , add a NN or NN of sugar in the raw .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples include no fixed address and coloured stone .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
any further attempt to VB more out of them has consequences .	2	9	VBZ	has	have
an JJ classical guitar is a classical guitar with more than 6 strings , usually up to 13 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
and we are saying that `` a university is by definition an academic institution '' when we search NNS under an american university , it is more like we are VBG on a sport franchise .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the documentary follows NNP 's comeback as well as the formation of NNP 's new band , his work on CC horror nights ' , and the work on his new album .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
NN lakes are lakes that exist on NN valleys .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my rule of NN is to provide a source for every claim that is unusual , every set of statistics , every direct NN , and at least one source for every paragraph .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the rock wall overlooking the lake has a panel of images as described below .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
another term strongly associated with the NNP faction is RB , a term VBG from their strong ties to NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
today a few buildings stand as a NN of an era gone past in wyoming history .	3	4	VBP	stand	stands
i am JJ you saw the light but need to point out that the difference presented is not mere addition of a source but replacement of an NNP link with its english translation .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
the difference in design with the JJ NN is that where the point of the NN would be on the bottom of a plain JJ there is a flat area ranging from six to ten inches wide .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the largest crops ( more than 20 NN NNS in 2003 ) include NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	2	12	VBP	include	includes
an example of NNS JJ ' is the arms of the dutch municipality of NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ area is particularly sensitive to such NNS , as are the NNS which will develop JJ hair .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he grew up in big NNP , on cape NNP island , where his mother margaret still resides .	14	17	VBZ	resides	reside
an artificial example is habitat NN due to human land use .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the difference is that the song is about a boy called john .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
camp beds generally consist of a JJ lightweight wood or metal frame , covered with canvas , NN or NN .	1	3	VBP	consist	consists
the property is a JJ NN 's house dating from the 15th century , together with a small garden , NN and meadows .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the player receives the NNP ending , she leaves NNP as his position as the NNP means he will destroy the kingdom and VB her and so must prepare for their JJ battle despite NNP 's refusal in becoming an NNP .	2	3	VBZ	receives	receive
small populations exist throughout the swan coastal plain , and further south and east .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
his strategy pays off as the blue team fails to produce their last 4 NNS on time , leaving four judging contestants to only receive a NN from the red team .	1	2	VBZ	pays	pay
considered to be the NN of NN rugby in australia , the team plays in NNS against other national representative NN teams from around the world .	12	13	VBZ	plays	play
due to living in JJ NNS the NN shark 's liver oil contains no NN because it would VB into a dense , JJ mass .	11	12	VBZ	contains	contain
the track `` NNP 's NNP '' is a guitar solo extract from a live version of the song `` NNP roads '' .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the age of NN is currently unknown , but it is older than 28 , 500 years as it has a NN of volcanic ash VBD at that time from three kings volcano .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
there are over 130 NNS within the city , and hidden events can be triggered by some , including over NN shops which can be purchased when the player controls each shops ' associated territory .	28	29	VBZ	controls	control
the number CD is significant in judaism as the traditional number of NN in the torah .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP era , alternatively described as the NNP era , is a term used by some political journalists and NNS to describe the period in united states federal and presidential political history from 1980 to 2013 .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
tradition says that the barrel NN is a source of water for people lost without water in the desert .	0	1	VBZ	says	say
many NNS argue that the only NN which is and can be acceptable to NNP is the byzantine NNP , whether in its greek or slavic NNS .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
evolution of the NNP , VBD `` a history of the VBN animals through time '' is a basic NN textbook by edwin h .	8	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP species ' fruits are NN , in length , and have an additional NN with linear NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this train belongs to the south eastern railway zone .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
post ' also relates to a marker or RBS ' , pointing to a new direction , and even a way to VB ' his account of the world .	0	3	VBZ	relates	relate
NNP 's position on christianity is not RB held .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the plot summary still needs some NN .	2	4	VBZ	needs	need
ironically , permission to post an image on wikipedia is not sufficient for use on wikipedia .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
then again , the defining line is JJ and sometimes university specific .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the house is also perhaps of significance RB as a good example of NNP architecture .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
presently , with the NNS of releasing NNP 's first album , and its success - NNP has quite a few exciting new NNS on the horizon .	14	17	VBZ	has	have
the JJ ' NN of both aston and nearby villages simply means they are near the river trent .	3	11	VBZ	means	mean
NNP zone is also the small village area near hawaii in usa .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN is supposedly a model for a missile design .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new station connects the NNP to madrid 's commuter rail system and , by extension , to spain 's railroads via direct connections to NNP and NNP railway stations [ 2 ] .	2	3	VBZ	connects	connect
the highest point in the park is mount dawson , at .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the direct bus service is also available from lahore .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i suggest JJ teams from NNP , where the JJ editors are well-known .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the JJ sum of 87 is 33 within the NN sequence ( 87 , 33 , 15 , 9 , 4 , 3 , 1 , 0 ) 86 being the eighteenth composite number in the JJ tree .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
VBG a bit more is not a problem in the lead as long as more specific facts appear in the body of the article .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the game now features full 3d graphics and character models , allowing more dynamic camera angles during gameplay , such as quickly VBG around the NN in the moments before a dramatic reveal .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
most NNS or streets which are called after de NNP use this term ( e .	1	10	VBP	use	uses
people love to argue about all sorts of things - NNP versus apple , mac versus pc , dogs versus cats , classic NNP versus NNP ( versus NNP ( versus star wars ) ) , ferrari versus NNP .	0	1	VBP	love	loves
the film opens with an extract from NNP holland 's translation of william camden 's NNP .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
these NNS have a pump to build up initial pressure in the fuel tank , but are generally JJ when running ( occasional NN may be necessary if the NN is run at full output ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a NN ( CD ) radio programme goes out at midnight , using radio 4 to carry the two front channels and radio 3 to carry the two rear channels .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
in addition , RB educational failures from real NNS come at the expense of the safety of the public .	5	9	VBP	come	comes
the slow decrease in the working class goes against the trend for a JJR national decline , VBG the perception of NNP as a working class town .	2	7	VBZ	goes	go
movement members say the current JJ system is RB corrupt and needs to be replaced with a system based on efficient and careful resource use through the technological potential of sustainable development .	1	2	VBP	say	says
the part one includes the event up to the incarnation of NNP and the second section continues till the end of NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
this user has created CD articles - this request comes from a bot generated list ( please see top of page ) .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
the station has yellow lines and is situated on the dublin - belfast railway line .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the system is JJ VBN with electricity being sold directly to georgia power .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of my proposal is not only to be accurate or complete , but also to be applied easily .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this department offers a very rich and attractive natural environment , specially represented by the NNP and NNP rivers .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
it breaks your heart that the way they display their anger is to VB on a member and use that kind of language , '' NNP said .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
as the game opens , the master of NNP , a common NN of the learning company 's super NNP series , VBZ the kingdom 's crown and VBZ all of the castle 's NNS .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
home media the NNP saints has been released numerous times on dvd , including an import on march 13 , 2001 and an JJ japanese release published by NNP entertainment , whose special features include JJ NN , audio commentary , NNS , and interviews with the japanese media .	33	34	VBP	include	includes
another important area of the site is the forum .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
another concept is a large ring design whereby a space vehicle would circle the ring numerous times , gradually gaining speed , before being released into a launch corridor leading NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the shell is white , with a pattern of JJ squares , sometimes JJ , with three or four JJ bands composed of irregular JJ dark chocolate or nearly black NNS ; these NNS also VBP the slightly VBN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of NNP is adolf h .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
these algorithms try to recognize the vowel and then VB its features .	1	2	VBP	try	tries
thus , the coordination number of iron is either five or six , with a NN or water NN to a NN iron .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the number of NNP community members is not easy to estimate .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the incident is notable , not the book .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these range from NNP , which creates a lightning bolt from the finger , to the mysterious NNP , the effects of which are unknown .	20	23	VBP	are	is
the utility of unlimited supplies of labour to growth objectives depends upon the amount of capital available at the same time .	1	10	VBZ	depends	depend
but as the article currently is , is basically JJ .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
article seems to be in good shape now .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
the detroit salt company mine has over of roads within .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
work is now in progress to actually update the listed compounds , all to a minimum of level .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
both are major contributors to the overall structure , so much so that the JJ bond between the NN carbon and the NN nitrogen has significant double bond character .	15	24	VBZ	has	have
i guess my concern is that your taste for `` JJ action without consensus '' seems demonstrated for deleting images .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in NN , a polo NN ( ) is a NN enzyme i .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
today , most inhabitants are NNPS , and NNP is the only language of any significance .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the site covers 30 NNS and was occupied from the late 1st century ad through to its NN in the 4th century .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
this officer is also responsible for VBG , financial planning , NN , cash flow management , higher management .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this animal is notable for its NN crest , which forms a flat , JJ plate over the top of the skull .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the subject is notable ; the article well VBN , but badly VBD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so many festivals are there in NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
it states that its purpose is to VB students with both a firm understanding of the islamic sciences and a strong academic knowledge of national curriculum subjects , a combination that will provide students with a wide range of possibilities when in pursuit of further education .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
such product categories include NNS ( style NN ) , with a strict yearly schedule of new models ; the almost entirely JJ clothing industry ( riding the fashion cycle ) ; and the mobile phone industries with constant minor feature NNS and NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the reason for this permission is usually the service of catholics who have no priest of their own NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
crops include tobacco , rice and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
my pc case is full tower NNP NNP vi .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it takes practice to effectively stop facing both ways , most NNS are stronger stopping one direction over another ( ie .	11	12	VBP	are	is
there is even a NN with integral NNS whose NNP group is the monster group .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
recalled to england , his adopted home , NNP returns with the nuclear secrets the u .	6	9	VBZ	returns	return
of those 50 were keep , speedy keep or merge , the rest is a no consensus or delete .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the village has a small public library , a post office , and a food store .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are atp and NNP , whereas its two products are NNP and NN .	4	8	VBP	are	is
i gave them less weight , yes , because the stated reasons are JJ ( and , to VB my above comment , at least one of those NNS agrees ) .	11	12	VBP	are	is
deleted songs include `` NNP , i wish i was your lover '' , `` losing my religion '' , and `` in the mood '' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when the ball is carried by a single player in open play , any other player on the same team who is in front of the ball carrier is in an JJ position .	15	28	VBZ	is	are
the diamond NN NN bit is a hybrid drill bit , designed to work as a combination NN and drill bit .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
things are not what they seem in gravity falls , oregon , the town they live in , and with the help of a mysterious book NNP finds in the forest , they find their everyday lifestyle changed .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the term is RB american , and its meaning is unclear here in the uk .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
car parking facilities exist in the streets to the south , as well as a car park next to the life saving club .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
many authors and musicians perhaps better known in other genres have none the less contributed important works to the NN corpus .	1	10	VBP	have	has
in mathematics , JJ functions are the central objects of study in complex analysis .	4	5	VBP	are	is
there is already a wikipedia article on one of their products NNP NNP - while the article currently lacks content ( i only created it today ) the subject matter is more certainly notable .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
the event horizon is RB ; it will RB expand faster than light to VB VBG matter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the sculpture shows about fourteen strong , almost vertical , JJ JJ NN on the second , and sixteen quite JJ ones on the succeeding NNS .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the university is also a member the league of world universities ( which comprise 47 renowned research universities all over the world ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
always nice when editors save us from an JJ situation by being RB JJ .	3	4	VBP	save	saves
straight VBG VBN legs joined by a block at the seat rail and architectural NNS , VBP the style , in which each element is a JJ entity .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the indonesia men 's national volleyball team represents indonesia in international volleyball competitions and friendly matches .	6	7	VBZ	represents	represent
exactly what the article covers can be discussed on its talk page .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
the NNP people are very diverse and spread throughout the NNP founding towns and villages , the NNP names of these towns and villages still remain today .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the isolated prisoners are han solo and NNP who initially are JJ of the situation , however allow her to VB them , and make their way back to medical .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the corridor extends from san antonio , texas , to NNP through fort worth and oklahoma city .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
even if you put it somewhere else , the issue remains as i stated it .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain
these mental disorders include various JJ , JJ , cognitive and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
so the chapter loses gradually its rights to preserve only a moral and spiritual authority .	2	3	VBZ	loses	lose
his name occurs on two inscriptions found at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
once again , it is only the category guidance ( not the text guidance ) that calls for a reference by NNP himself , and even then only when the reference in the article is to him saying `` i , sam NNP , believe in the jewish religion .	30	34	VBZ	is	are
either way , it is always good to remember that there are multiple NNS ( and some people have their own skin ) for wikipedia .	17	18	VBP	have	has
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
they are not a NN , JJ people as you are , for they live in NN NNS .	7	10	VBP	are	is
the passenger cars are JJ and a serious fire NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
do help your case , as they do mention that she has opinions , arguably relevant ; they just do n't discuss those opinions or even really say what those opinions are .	30	31	VBP	are	is
some local authorities contain large areas of countryside surrounding the actual towns , e .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
major NNS of where NNP and NNP associated hereditary NNS occur are related to tissue NN of the cancer NN , the agent that causes chronic NN or the NN .	1	10	VBP	occur	occurs
the firm operates throughout the uk and in all major european and international NNS .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
these receptors have a variety of functions , with the NNP and NNP receptors are expressed RB and involved in the NN of blood pressure and NN function respectively , while the NNP and NNP receptors are expressed in the central nervous system .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in the introduction , there is immediate mention of the communist party of china , but without an explanation of their relationship to the NNP government ; it is assumed that the reader knows this is the ruling class of china .	32	33	VBZ	knows	know
however during the party , mary 's VBG father VBZ jim to marry his attractive daughter by telling him a story about his other , JJ daughter having a NN who tried to abandon her on their wedding day .	8	9	VBZ	threatens	threaten
NNP has many advantages over the NN alternatives ( which can be found by reading NN ) , for which reason many NNS still recommend it for some work .	22	24	VBP	recommend	recommends
the book by david NNP is a different book than the one under consideration here at afd which is a JJ ( NNP ) book by david michael NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
land transport authority ( NNP ) would make sure that NNS , mass rapid transit stations , construction sites are free of NN breeding .	15	19	VBP	are	is
april 23 , 2013 the play is a production of the lincoln center and premiered on broadway in 2013 ; it received five tony award nominations , and won three awards .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP me , but your statement gives the impression to be about an article concerned with the satellite NN NNP and not a wine estate of recent emergence and JJ rs .	5	6	VBZ	gives	give
to see if it 's RB accurate , make sure any controversial note is sourced ; if something sounds odd , and it 's unsourced , ask for source , and also make sure no original research is present by using the same method .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
i will wait and see if this user takes advice from others .	7	8	VBZ	takes	take
the administrative center is NNP ( about 19 , 500 residents ) , other two are NNP ( 5 , 300 residents ) and NNP ( 4 , 300 residents ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS , sexual NNS , or NNS cause RB significant NN or NN in social , JJ , or other important areas of functioning .	1	8	VBP	cause	causes
additional clubs exist on campus that do not compete against other colleges ' clubs .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
NNS working in the remaining portions of the highway are local firms instead .	0	9	VBP	are	is
its NN in the NNS market is NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a NN NN carries the shell by VBG the central NN of the shell using NNS on the tip of its NNS .	2	3	VBZ	carries	carry
the role is broadly JJ to the `` hole '' or second striker position in the modern game , although here there were two such players , known as inside right and inside left .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the eight initial maps are harvest day , over and out , end of the line , NNP , valley run , NNP , NNP , and final NNP , each with JJ environments , certain NNS , and vehicles .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the guidelines allow NNS of someone else 's comment if it VBZ another comment .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
the NNP hotel building is a historic JJ JJ spanish renaissance structure that occupies the entire JJ block of 7th avenue between 50th and NNP street and seventh avenue , just north of times square , in new york city .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if page is a url , the image acts as an external link ; otherwise it links to the named wikipedia page .	7	8	VBZ	acts	act
the first statement dates their origin back to the beginning of the first NNP NNP with NNP , younger brother of NNP , who had brought with him the ten tribes probably from the eastern NNP at mongolia and left to the west to expand the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	dates	date
unlike other NNP NNP , this deity has two NNP on one base .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP had previously VBN the show 's production staff and asked if he could produce or assist in an episode creation , as his son NNP is a fan of the show .	24	26	VBZ	is	are
since various NNS , NNS , and functions become RB related to each other via equations , a differential equation is the result , describing JJ phenomena , evolution and variation .	7	8	VBP	become	becomes
RB , some states VBP which firearms may be VBN by a particular permit holder .	3	4	VBP	regulate	regulates
a water block is better at VBG heat than an VBN NN due to water 's higher specific heat capacity and thermal NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it just seems to me that editors want to slam the protest article as much as they can with other science material that this protest was n't based on .	6	7	VBP	want	wants
the modern JJ construction of the drum arose in the west and is not traditional .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the ultimate fate of the NNP NN is unknown .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
his JJ wife NNP talks him into VBG from the war by using cheap , JJ iron to make NNS for the u .	2	4	VBZ	talks	talk
this policy is still traditionally held and signs are posted to keep visitors to the academy away from the trail .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
landmarks in NNP include the NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the grounds include an club house , complete with a dining room , bar , and VBD space VBG up to 250 guests .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when a message appears saying a user needs help VBG this command will provide a link to the userpage of the user requesting help .	6	7	VBZ	needs	need
since this work has been carried out , the route is now popular among NNS and NNS from all over yorkshire , and the united kingdom as a whole .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNP stage is JJ and appears RB ( VBN ) and closely associated with host cells .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town is part of the tourism highway program of the department of tourism .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think it may be time that both users need to be separated .	8	9	VBP	need	needs
keep per the information cited by NNP ; the article needs improvement but the notability is there .	9	10	VBZ	needs	need
the article should not be deleted , since the subject is notable , due to his status as a major candidate for lt .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these titles are necessarily brief , although they are intended to be as JJ as possible of subject matter included .	1	2	VBP	are	is
interim results from the aforementioned trial at u c davis confirm the tree 's high NN requirement .	1	10	VBP	confirm	confirms
the prefecture has a population of 3 , CD , 000 people and covers an area of about .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
to attract tourists from serbia and abroad , the tourist organization VBZ every year attractive concerts , fashion shows , NNS , miss election in the period of NNP festival .	10	11	VBZ	organizes	organize
following this discussion , NNP ( NNP NNP ) demands to go home to `` see how my baby is '' .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the NNP standard only VBZ some of the NNP NNS .	2	4	VBZ	specifies	specify
his research encompasses the development of mathematical models reflecting competing theories of the causes and JJ transmission of human human differences , the design of studies for the resolution , JJ methods for parameter NN and NN and application to JJ questions about specific ( human ) traits .	1	2	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
the nave windows are small , with three lights and NN heads .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the plants tend to VB in hot temperatures , but quickly recover in the evening as their flowers begin to open .	17	18	VBP	begin	begins
the temperature in winter is low due to NN to JJ range of mountains .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
another version of the story has him carrying a NN filled with sand .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
said user is VBG that an actress is not on the series .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the right NN nerve passes over the right NN .	3	4	VBZ	passes	pass
strong keep - free image is not of acceptable quality and is not encyclopedic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
selection is the consistent differential survival and reproduction among NNS .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
in my NN the NNP page acts to inform people about the event and in no way serves to VB it because in no way does it mention how to participate in the event or NN people to participate .	5	6	VBZ	acts	act
the novel also presents a detailed NN of the life and character of the inventor and painter during this period , and includes his encounters with other historical characters residing in florence including NNP and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	presents	present
as many officers initially serve a period of time as soldiers , this module is only undertaken by the minority that join the NNP directly as potential officers under the direct entry NNP potential officer ( NNP ) system .	2	4	VBP	serve	serves
the original work depicted is out of copyright .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
similarly , belief in buddhism and NNP implies belief in NN and therefore belief in NN .	2	7	VBZ	implies	imply
in exchange for the NN of a bottle of wine ( or beer , or spirits - even a miniature , the important thing is the NN ) a visitor can select and display any piece of work in the show .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the NN has no lateral NN muscles .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
failure to attribute and NN in violation of the terms of the wikipedia licenses is bad form , but VBG to wikipedia licenses are pretty easy to do ( since you do n't need formal written permission to copy ) .	0	14	VBZ	is	are
all these clubs host major poker tournaments , which attract the game 's top players and television coverage .	2	3	VBP	host	hosts
nevada 's 2nd congressional district includes the northern third of the state .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
organized by the warren chamber of commerce , the festival VBZ the south arkansas NNP NNP pink NNP , a special variety of NN which holds the distinction of being arkansas ' state fruit and state NN .	9	10	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
the flowers are pink or NN in color .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the washington monument syndrome , also known as the mount NNP syndrome , or the NNS first principle , although the strategy usually VBZ to highlight the government 's value to voters , it can also be aimed at NNS themselves .	21	23	VBZ	intends	intend
the first tribe to light the NN wins immunity .	2	7	VBZ	wins	win
in december 2009 , commission chairman NNP said , `` we know what the art of the possible is at this particular location .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
if the os NN and the cpu run on two independent clock NNS the situation is ideal and more or less the same as the previous example .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
typical materials include JJ molecules dissolved in suitable host NNS and the frequency selective NN is usually realized by a narrow band laser .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
as the loop begins to curve back towards the southeast , NNP 21 leaves the NN to the northeast .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP was this army , but in light of its constant failures , NNP decides to put the commander on trial and VBZ him by forcing his further exposure to the NNS , whose effect begins to VB him into a snake .	34	35	VBZ	begins	begin
and the only wikipedia editor that her blog VBZ is you .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
as the gas molecules enter through the inlet , the NN , which has a number of VBN blades , hits the molecules .	3	4	VBP	enter	enters
the temple contains five NN of shiva NNP , a pattern of shiva temples in NN during ninth and tenth centuries .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
while many people assume anderson is a dwarf , he actually has the genetic disorder NNP NN .	2	3	VBP	assume	assumes
trial period implies that once the trial period is over , whatever is being tested will be VBN , and may continue or not , depending on the review .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the term `` JJ '' VBZ two NNS and a single NN character .	1	5	VBZ	utilizes	utilize
comment the background section is a weird mix of details that cover the music scene before they existed and then their influence on other musicians .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this remains true even if men enter our sample with different NNS than women .	5	6	VBP	enter	enters
the buildings and resources at NNP constitute a JJ landscape typical of both a county government seat in NNP virginia in the JJ and of a farming community in the state .	1	6	VBP	constitute	constitutes
and while you would not be alone it saying it has its NNS , i think its NN of question asking is a strength and i think this question is relevant .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
in addition , NNP scientists take active roles in the global NNP and NNP european network of excellence ( NNP ) , the european academy of NNP and clinical NNP ( NNP ) and american academy of NNP , NNP , and NNP ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBP	take	takes
the size of this primary lens is the main factor in determining the light gathering ability and resolution of a VBG telescope .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the only way to effectively VB the impact of a NN is through an early warning system .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a story about a girl named NNP and her father , NNP NNP , whom people call NNP ( NNP the blind ) .	17	18	VBP	call	calls
north of NNP the road VBZ to four lanes until reaching NNP .	4	5	VBZ	expands	expand
JJ registration plates are the number plates used within malta to RB identify motor vehicles .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the airport currently has no commercial air services , however is VBN by the northern australian NNP club and the alice springs NNP club as a flight training base .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the certificate is in house management , not estate management .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sources exist ; see new york times , daily times , free NNP .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
the revenue authorities of the australian states treat `` NN credit '' in the same way .	2	7	VBP	treat	treats
a secondary source has recognized something ; that source is the federal government and that something is a JJ and legal piece of paper that gives for fuel freedom , inc .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the analysis of the historical evidence leads to a striking conclusion .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead
some states choose to license NNS , so that only people with appropriate qualifications are able to fulfill the role , but this is not the case in all NNS .	10	14	VBP	are	is
i think the article is too JJ as it stands .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
rivers such as the NNP river and NNP river VBP this NN and due to erosion occurring faster than NN , have continued to flow right up to the present day , directly across the axis of the range .	0	9	VBP	predate	predates
other potentially JJ complications are JJ NN ( confusion and NN ) and VBG from JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
perhaps NNP could be invited to indicate , on his JJ page , whether that NNP account is in fact his .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
a medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are done on biological specimens in order to get information about the health of a patient .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP polish ) , the phenomenon of JJ english ' in china is a massive , acknowledged problem , one which the school systems and students are attempting to address .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
the figure has long hair which winds down her back and is holding a NN shell .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
thus , every NN is also a NN , although many prefer to brief counsel rather than appear in courts or NNS themselves .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
content that is only JJ for JJ use , or by special permission and things like that is too JJ to be JJ with that license , and thus not allowed even if wikipedia itself is non-profit .	0	17	VBZ	is	are
the turn then passes to the other team .	1	3	VBZ	passes	pass
the northern area of the parish is also home to the island 's NNP territory , in and around which 3 , 000 pure , indigenous NNP live .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
what wikipedia is not concluded that secret pages violate policy , it would be JJ to keep pages that promote the belief that secret pages are acceptable .	24	25	VBP	are	is
most students arrive at NNP from the elementary school NNP , the second school in the NNP district .	1	2	VBP	arrive	arrives
the NNP notes these JJ NNS `` almost certainly contribute to hate crime violence directed at the lgbt community , which is more targeted for such attacks than any other minority group in america .	2	9	VBP	contribute	contributes
the title comes directly from the lyrics of `` the honey month '' .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the population of the island is about 180 inhabitants .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , legally , he is the prime minister , and only the government under him is legally an interim NN .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
deletion remains my first preference here , merging to the NNP article would be my second .	0	1	VBZ	remains	remain
cheese is far more effective at VBG NNP than NNP was with frog .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NN records are normally JJ and almost always unique , unlike books or magazines for which many identical copies exist .	18	19	VBP	exist	exists
additionally , low frequencies make it difficult to accurately rebuild an accurate clock signal from the master transmitter signal .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
the NNP catholic priests say mass daily , and where there are many priests there will be many masses in the same church in one day , which is contrary to the church of the east NNS .	3	4	VBP	say	says
some stories tell that NNP ' NN was in his father 's army fighting the tribe of NNP when his father was VBN , but this is not agreed by all the NNS .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells
once a year , an NNP delegation meets with senior officials in the u .	6	7	VBZ	meets	meet
the church also has a JJ underneath the nave .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the 29 european nations all have NNP in the range between 92 and 102 .	3	5	VBP	have	has
but making these stops delays the trip , which many passengers want to be as quick and efficient as possible .	10	11	VBP	want	wants
the oldest hotel building in the district dates to 1855 .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date
an important element of NN design is NN for persons with disabilities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one card is dealt JJ at random to the NNP ' , to represent the door the player picks initially .	17	18	VBZ	picks	pick
the building is a series of large glass NNS that are all very open on the inside ( typical of NNS ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because when they VBP or VBP too much of the NNS it VBZ their JJ NN system and as a result gives them a high NN .	20	21	VBZ	gives	give
NNP NNP railway finally connects with three other railways in NNP province .	2	4	VBZ	connects	connect
players train year round as a team at the olympic training center in san diego .	0	1	VBP	train	trains
NNP and crash 's recent success leads to an argument between NNP and NNP so they decide to send NNP 's NN , nina NNP , to fire mountain where she VBZ NNP and the professor .	5	6	VBZ	leads	lead
the viewers are just now able to know who the NN behind the robbery is ; NNP , the family friend .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS are compatible with canon 's NNP digital NNP , with the exception of the early canon NNP NNP , canon NNP NNP , and canon NNP CD , which VBD the introduction of the VBG system .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN model depends on the teacher VBG that the students ' achievements are RB below what is expected .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the small nature of the school allows for all students to be known by name .	2	6	VBZ	allows	allow
there are no guidelines for what NN rates should be used for VBG or for frame NN , and so the results of NNS created by each user are already highly JJ and JJ from one video to the next .	21	28	VBP	are	is
these areas are open to hunting , hiking and other forms of JJ recreation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN now appears on official NN , publications and papers , and is VBN on various items in use in the palace of westminster , such as NN , NN and china .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the main module of a goal agent VBZ a strategy for VBG actions by means of action rules .	2	7	VBZ	specifies	specify
this ip editor is very likely the same person or somebody related to him .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the movie ends with NNP , who at this stage is pregnant with NNP child , VBG to raise the kid in a good and healthy environment .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
however , no records remain of the result of the match .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
probable coi issues with the creator - whose name , NNP , is similar to NNP , the manufacturer - being a spa whose sole wikipedia activity is this article and the afd .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the NN is the NNP proof medal , and is not an official NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the punjab village stubs pass the minimum standards required for a stub creation .	4	5	VBP	pass	passes
the derby section further says he was arrested - but no source .	2	4	VBZ	says	say
your second NN talks about fixing , but the point of wikipedia is to inform not fix .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
the current version contains 42 molecular species along with their most significant NNS .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP sings lead vocals while beck adds backing vocals and also recorded the track .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
his employer , carl stone VBZ him poorly and forces NNP to sleep in the chicken shed .	1	5	VBZ	treats	treat
if required , these forces carry the power and capabilities necessary to establish and hold an initial NN to allow larger joint operations to follow on a large scale in the event a major conflict NNS .	4	5	VBP	carry	carries
the college also draws from all regions of the united states , with students from 42 states .	1	3	VBZ	draws	draw
most tracks start with some creative promise , only to VB into generic NNS .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
admins seem to be handling it .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
tv nation VBZ a consultant to trim the fat on the NN , just like major corporations do .	1	2	VBZ	hires	hire
although the primary source this article uses is the us census , their population figures are not totally reliable .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a decrease to the bank 's liability account is a NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
that NNP 's defense is that editors are n't banned for calling NNP a sexual NN VBG children VBZ NNP 's JJ siege NN .	15	18	VBZ	confirms	confirm
the song also appears in the 2007 video game NNP which the song appears on the soundtrack and the JJ video for colin NNP .	12	13	VBZ	appears	appear
the biography is as complete as the sources available , and i do n't see much room left for expansion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
next door is derby downs home of the annual all-american soap box derby .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
crown glass is one of many types of JJ glass .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whenever a player correctly answers a question or VBZ a puzzle in a NN , they gain `` NN points '' on the word they successfully answered .	2	4	VBZ	answers	answer
resources are JJ for the protection of the reserve by guards and park rangers , and the area is often considered a NN wilderness .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the wider dispute between american liberals and conservatives , especially during election season , is not something that NNP can resolve .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
JJ and animal NNS are similar compounds with different VBG points .	3	4	VBP	are	is
such definitions are JJ , since they only be applied where reliable secondary sources can be cited to support the expert opinion .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if the vacuum is JJ and we have a mixed state , the cluster NN property fails .	15	16	VBZ	fails	fail
the second row , left , is a set released in 2001 , but with artwork VBN from a 1957 edition of the game .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the mandate of a police board is to own and operate the independent municipal police department ensuring that police independence from political interference is maintained .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
pictures of giuseppe NNP are also in the church of st .	0	4	VBP	are	is
dozens of family NN NNS are under heavy NN and a series of crucial voting parameters and rounds of JJ decide the outright winner .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the events are open to athletes with physical disabilities and visual NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the beer is light in color , slightly NN , and has a large , JJ head .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
pilot mountain RB rises some above the surrounding countryside , and can be seen for miles .	0	3	VBZ	rises	rise
this heat is then gradually released during winter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this template returns the number ( s ) of full years between two specified dates .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
your concern is not at all clear to me .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sources given are extremely minor , of local interest only .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the next time these holidays overlap is in CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the video begins with JJ footage of a plain landing in the NNPS , with carey and cannon VBG the aircraft with her dog .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the central forms of NNP , NNP and the goddess NNP constitute the trinity of NNS sitting on the VBN platform or the NNP in the inner NN .	2	11	VBP	constitute	constitutes
the community is home to a mix of various cultures , including important NNP and NNP communities .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use rationale for use in the article the double 0 NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the adult is thus rarely seen in the wild because it is typically active only in the evening .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his daughters in law are NNP k .	1	4	VBP	are	is
external assessment consists of a test or examination in the subject , often in formal examination conditions .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
national governing bodies hold national NNP championships on an annual basis .	2	3	VBP	hold	holds
the medium of education in private schools is english .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the electoral business unit combines a complex project management NN with an electronic voting system that includes hardware ( NNP voting machines ) , election management software , and VBG software for a central location 's servers .	3	4	VBZ	combines	combine
holding JJ NNP record is just about the definition of NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
when a child service employee shows up , he brings NNP back to his family , but instantly takes him away after he finds out how JJ NNP 's home is .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
one great historic event is enough .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the flowers are white and VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the monument depicts NNP overlooking the NNP river near the exact location of his shipyard .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
it was founded in 1983 and its aims are to promote and to encourage the study and conservation of NNS and NNS and their natural habitats , especially in the united kingdom .	7	8	VBP	are	is
keep , the air force one article is long , and splitting off a section is normal editorial practice , as was splitting off boeing NNP because it was an obvious content VBG line .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in the 2000 tamil film , NNP directed by NNP , the NN is a NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNS typically have 4 or 5 NNS but may have as few as 2 or as many as 10 .	0	2	VBP	have	has
big NNS , NNS , and smoke screens are a common sight at st .	1	8	VBP	are	is
phd students do their research in a company ) .	1	2	VBP	do	does
a website of followers of NNP NNP baba is not a JJ source for wikipedia , except may be for the articles NNP NNP baba , NNP NNP baba movement or in this case NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
comment i think part of the problem is that this article is like a safety valve .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
an important outcome of the NNP process is a set of five JJ principles that tourism students should VB upon graduation to become responsible leaders and NNS for the destinations where they work or live .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a NN lodge , duke of kent CD , also meets in NNP , on the border with long pond .	2	10	VBZ	meets	meet
the cd image i VBD is incomplete ( i know i should have done an NN before VBG .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the problem remains ; reliable independent sources say no such thing , but editors on one side of NN 's ongoing NN wars are very keen to insert RB wording based from an obscure chapter of a legal document .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
these symptoms are not due to situations such as , person is VBN because of difficulty making friends .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the site borders NNP in which a majority of the staff of NNP lives , as NNP itself , in the soviet union , was not shown on public maps .	7	13	VBZ	lives	live
its origins lead back to african slaves in the dominican republic .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
an JJ train crosses the NNP in berlin .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
the hunt is on for NNP , NNP , and other legendary NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
really , unless a username is offensive ( and intended to be ) it VBZ us to ignore the tag and concentrate on the quality or otherwise of the edits .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the term is fluid , since most recreational boats are also used for fishing from time to time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each screen contains a number of moving monsters that , once the player moves into them , are destroyed but take off a life in return .	12	13	VBZ	moves	move
laboratory experiments show that the NN known as NNP is released only from the JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
his NN pitch is usually an inside circle NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mascot of lincoln middle school is the lion .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
powers include NN , a sphere force field , machine guns for arms , and super speed .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
a NN , every subset of a is JJ .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the squadron 's role is to provide media operations ( military speak for public relations ) support for raf and nato forces RB in times of peace and war .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the street has still a catholic church ( st .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in any event , the content of the interviews is pr NN , as i have also explained previously .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
all characters in the first group are , however , not directly available on many hebrew or JJ keyboards , and any that is lacking is commonly replaced by the corresponding character in the second group .	1	6	VBP	are	is
figure NNS are a type of ice NN used by figure NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
though the article itself is less than a stub , this and this would seem to indicate that there is enough out there to properly expand and source the article .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the sand pit usually begins CD from the take off board for male international competition , or CD from the board for international female and JJ male competition .	2	4	VBZ	begins	begin
overall , NNS tend to have slightly longer NNS , and shorter , broader wings ( with shorter outer NNS , and longer inner NNS and NNS ) than do adults of the same species .	2	3	VBP	tend	tends
neighboring towns include NNP to the east , JJ to the north and northeast , and holly springs to the south .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the town is VBG a NN in tourism and prosperity from the new NNS , said to be of great JJ value , and as such , the NNS are a source of great local pride .	28	29	VBP	are	is
the trail initially passes between industrial and retail properties leading out of NNP , then travels mainly through open NN , predominantly for cattle and horse NN , to the town of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	passes	pass
although it 's a little hard to take seriously anyone who thinks a vampire movie is a good place to learn anything factual about anything .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
according to him , it should be pronounced NNP ' also , i tried to listen carefully to his repeated pronunciation of what he says the wrong people say , and it sounds like he is saying PRP , ' where POS ' is a voiced dental NN .	27	28	VBP	say	says
according to daniel NNP and robert NNP , `` [ indoor ] NNP farming consists of six steps , and although the divisions are somewhat arbitrary , these steps identify what is needed to form a production system .	22	23	VBP	are	is
due to the size of color bodies , the NNS number represents the potential NN volume available for larger NN species .	10	11	VBZ	represents	represent
the family seat is NNP lodge , near NNP , sussex .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
having poor taste is not enough .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the nearest major NN is the NNP which runs from the eastern side of the village .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
spanish words are still often used within NNP NNP JJ rules , though some word order changes are occurring and it is argued that NNP NNP may be undergoing a shift from NNP to the spanish NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
thanks for the submission - unfortunately , gaming NNS are usually not notable enough for articles , and reliable or independent sources are required .	8	9	VBP	are	is
november - duke of NNP leaves la NNP , having lost half of his JJ force .	2	5	VBZ	leaves	leave
the next day while curtis is on a date with jeffrey , a NN from a NN that he VBD , the NNP attacks nearby and curtis runs off to fight him .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
other kinds of resource NNS allow names and descriptions to be associated with resources .	1	5	VBP	allow	allows
as he studies the progress of his experiments , however , he realizes what a truly weird girl NNP is , and that he VBZ her , leading the two to develop a relationship in and she was gone .	17	19	VBZ	is	are
the NNS can also be designed for easy removal to prevent damage when operating in JJ territory or to cut costs when only only a small amount of railroad requires NNP equipped locomotives .	26	29	VBZ	requires	require
the article remains a plot summary of the couple 's history with some trivia VBD on in the hopes that people will VB them with substance and give the article a pass '' .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the difference with NN is that you do not VB your NN or feet continually , and therefore do not VB .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia by sending a clear message that it exists more as a vehicle where special interests VBP on `` having their fair say '' than a NN of knowledge .	15	16	VBP	insist	insists
high dive '' NNP NNP is the right hand man of ahmed .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the church of NNP da cruz in NNP , built by NNP NNP in CD is an unusual experiment because of its JJ NN plan .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
due to the active JJ nature of the region , the nuclear power station has been built to a high level of safety , and its operator , NNP electric power , claims that it can VB strong NNS .	26	32	VBZ	claims	claim
they are common on the hands and fingers , and the english language wiki article is not very good .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the roller NNS are infamous for VBG the supposed NN of the soviet union under stalin , but also for VBG NNP russia and the slavic peoples .	2	3	VBP	are	is
google search turns up download sites and tons of NN .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
to VB screen life most manufacturers build their screens with multiple layers of NN over a very JJ backing cloth to further protect the cloth against NNS loading and wear .	5	6	VBP	build	builds
unfortunately , she 's not very good , and the winner of their JJ games always picks the movie they watch .	10	16	VBZ	picks	pick
today , the restored ground is the home of the NNP cricket club .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
voiced NNS such as the pure NNS are , by definition , distinguished by the VBG sound of this periodic NN of the vocal NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
other communities in the area that are typically considered to be a part of NNP are cooper ( pronounced `` NNS '' by many locals ) , enterprise ( not to be confused with the city of enterprise in south alabama ) , and midway .	1	15	VBP	are	is
so , in the game , the main objective is to VB all facilities back up for the guests and clients VBG .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
you did not choose a very broad example set , as all edits are the same .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the JJS part of NNP NNP is NNP NNP , a large plateau covered in dark lava , approximately in area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP king street NNP station is a future stop on the NNP and NNP line ( NNP ) of greater manchester 's NN NNP system .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
that being said , however , this policy has most definitely been ignored .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
la NNP 's success is also partially achieved because of her ability to stay with the times and constantly VB her sound with the help of new NN artists .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN was based only on the fact that the voters like the website and want the article preserved , and they make absolutely no NN of sources at all .	11	16	VBP	want	wants
the basic interval of the munich NNP is one train every 20 minutes .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
lunch ( NN ) is often an JJ main dish of NN ( NN ) or rice ( NN ) VBN with NN ( NN ) , NN ( NN ) , VBZ ( NN ) and sage .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
for example , if the user searches for `` new articles '' , and is redirected to a disambiguation page for `` articles '' , it would take much longer to get to the newly added articles on wikipedia .	5	6	VBZ	searches	search
maybe the list is redundant then .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mickey mouse universe is a fictional universe where some cartoon characters created by the the walt disney company live , the most famous of which is mickey mouse .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
what makes a good or a bad administrator is their NN to communicate , their NN and their judgment .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i think its main use is a NN and therefore a NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in rise of legends ( 2006 ) , the NNP faction uses JJ technology inspired by NNP .	10	11	VBZ	uses	use
no , what this man needs is the NNP .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the inspection panel also has standard power outlets for work NNS and powered tools .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
the film includes a dramatic car chase , realistic portrayal of police procedure as well as crime preparations and scenes shot entirely on location .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
these methods are not only JJ but they can also yield inaccurate results .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other than repeated brain trauma , the risk factors for NNP remain unknown .	8	11	VBP	remain	remains
the article needs NN , not NN .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the cemetery is also the site of the final confrontation of the NNP in season five of the television series supernatural .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in winter months , chains or snow NNS are often necessary to reach NNP from any direction .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the body of the NNP NNP is JJ and VBN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the steam generator is usually in the locomotive but may also be located in other cars .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there is no discussion on the page and the history seems to be just for the NN service bureau , which leave me wondering where to go for WDT did the NN to begin with .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
all the young women , upon seeing the mixed contents of the bag , decide that the task is impossible or that NNP NNP is insane , and all return the bag and its contents to him VB .	3	14	VBP	decide	decides
this route is particularly popular among german tourists .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the park features NNP NNS , NN station , primitive NNS , covered NN NNS , NNS with NNS , NN , VBD boat NN , water skiing , swimming beach , fishing , VBD fishing dock , NNS and a softball field .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a NN shoots 4 people then turns the gun on himself in san NNP , california .	1	2	VBZ	shoots	shoot
the girls realize too late what they had done .	1	2	VBP	realize	realizes
the cave is deep and contains NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mass screening means , the screening of a whole population or a NN .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the NN gain of the eu consists of the various gains in prosperity , which result from economic integration and now make the member states RB like being VBN together .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist
its source is at NNP stones on NNP , from where it flows south east into a western arm of the NNP reservoir .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP injection is one of the techniques used , with a NNP tank , NNS , NNS and controller , measuring the ph to VB the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other scenes show her singing solo in front of a band of dancers behind various JJ backgrounds .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the status bar no longer allows custom text to be entered ( e .	2	5	VBZ	allows	allow
i can see this question is JJ for some time .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the only point left to address is the lead .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ number for each type increases as a character levels up .	2	6	VBZ	increases	increase
as discussed above , this picture becomes even more complicated after the civil war , when many african americans became JJ performers .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the city hosts the headquarters of the provincial government as well as a delegation of the JJ government , in addition to some offices representing the spanish government .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
strong keep like it or not , the NN industry is a significant part of the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these two entries create substantial work for someone to think through whether each pass notability , whether csd applies , or prod or afd , or can one find relevant references , and write a proper article .	2	3	VBP	create	creates
i just think that this article is not a good social science article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
i think the question is about notability viewed as a publication in its own right .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in one of the NNP epic , the princess promises her beloved eternal love and NN under NNP 's JJ and VBG NN .	8	9	VBZ	promises	promise
the vice mayor is jack black .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
lot of information about the university is of this nature , explaining the lower reference and source count .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
social circles are groups of socially JJ people .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i think that the material i ( and others ) have deleted from the article belongs more properly at history of belarus .	4	15	VBZ	belongs	belong
this more recent type of NN NNS a JJ NN of electricity when the NN VBZ the circuit by VBG two NNS located either at the entrance or between the entrance and the NN .	9	15	VBZ	completes	complete
the committee needs to RB discuss the cases coming before them in private or in public , to ensure that the scope is well defined before the case opens , so that the community is VBN to build evidence that is appropriate without picking at old NNS .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
in fact , if a banned editor starts a new account and does not go back to doing that which lead to the ban , it is our tradition to ignore them .	6	7	VBZ	starts	start
the authors concentrate primarily on the european campaigns in which britain faced the threat of an invasion from the second NNP led by spain and france .	1	2	VBP	concentrate	concentrates
overall the NNS , or flower NNS , take around eight months to development from the first NN changes in late spring .	2	8	VBP	take	takes
more precisely , the centre of the sphere is in the centre of the pupil of the observer 's eye .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
local sources and being online sources are two completely separate matters .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the canton of NNP is a french administrative division in the county of NNP and region NNP NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the structure is JJ and the impressive style is VBN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
steve NNP of NNPS asserted that the album 's material `` VBZ to a large extent simply because it addresses a wide JJ '' .	9	11	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
NNP chemical testing ground ( ) keeps a large amount of military poison substances , mainly obsolete ones such as NN .	3	6	VBZ	keeps	keep
mark NNP 's research into NN becomes a personal NN .	3	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the album , produced by lloyd campbell , features various artists recorded over NNS of two classic NN NNS .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature
its not a strong keep , but coverage seems sufficient enough for inclusion .	4	8	VBZ	seems	seem
occasionally , the plural noun has the same form as the singular .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
variations in the game include a drop hit to start the point or a coach feeding the ball to start the point .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the color pattern is variable , but generally consists of JJ dark NN dorsal NNS or NNS that usually extend down the NNS as far as the first or second scale rows .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
check if the answer is of the correct type as determined in the question type analysis stage .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some organizations find it hard to VB personal NN because as a concept it is JJ and the benefits can not be VBN ; , personal NN can even be seen as a threat to the organisation .	1	2	VBP	find	finds
this table includes the seven steps of the national league system ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the language college is where french , german and spanish are taught to the students ; japanese .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the final variant is the NN NN which occurs when twins VBP at the NN with the axis of the twins forming an NN angle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these programs give IN the opportunity to acquire college credits while attending the high school .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
all action is therefore NN of action ; it is poetic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are likely to be found in NN NNS , JJ NN and NN of the brain .	0	1	VBP	are	is
she is registered as an artist with the dutch institute of art history as a NN artist and painter , but no works survive .	22	23	VBP	survive	survives
NNS to my fellow wiki , my name is NNP NNP NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
consequently , their work , and the maps of the universe they produce , tend to be much more difficult for the average person to VB - exactly like if you tried to read an aviation chart or a JJ chart for VBG a busy shipping channel .	7	14	VBP	tend	tends
the creator of science city zero ( a project involving NN on political NNS , which often resulted in NNS ) , VBG uses a secret military project to launch the four into space , and secretly NNS a NN with an alien race to gain JJ abilities .	1	23	VBZ	uses	use
however , they remain in use in elementary schools especially , where their ease of use and visible connections make them a popular way for science NNS to teach the creation of simple circuits , and most university physics departments still have them on apparatus .	39	41	VBP	have	has
as i see it , the only people who benefit from this stuff are the ones VBG it it .	7	13	VBP	are	is
NNP water is a JJ drinking water made by VBG NN seed ( NNP NN ) in water .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
similarities between individuals concerning their set of needs arise from the genetic basis of NN needs , as well as similarities in initial NN environments ( e .	0	8	VBP	arise	arises
its closest relatives are the NNP sacred NNP , the african sacred NNP , and the JJ NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the big red box contains alternative , less JJ , instructions for NNP or talking to editors about NNS .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
courses on drum making and native arts and crafts are also available .	0	9	VBP	are	is
this radar uses radio waves along with horizontal , dual ( horizontal and vertical ) , or circular NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
grammar NNP use of the term `` nazi '' in this NN , in association with the nazi NN icon and the reference to the ss , is disruptive and JJ .	2	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP particles can result in JJ attributes when one is exposed to a high concentration ; NNP JJ NNS such as NNP NNP and the NNS are able to communicate with each other or connect with NNP through NNP particles .	18	26	VBP	are	is
it is probably safe to assume that these actions , as well as the post above is nothing but a simple NN .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
the high point in oregon is an unnamed ridge summit approximately north of NNP view .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the standard of verifiability that we , at wikipedia , are supposed to have is that we use sources that actually have factual accuracy as their goal in the first place , rather than , say , entertainment for radio listeners .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the collection as a whole reflects ways in which scotland and her people have been portrayed in film since 1896 , both by indigenous and visiting NNS and more recently the broadcasting sector and VBG scottish film industry .	1	5	VBZ	reflects	reflect
a 2008 article in the telegraph indicates she had been VBG with the theme of NN for the five years since her marriage in 1932 .	2	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the JJ NN is moderate , and white or VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bus NNP local route CD serves the town on NNPS only providing a link to NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	5	VBZ	serves	serve
christmas played on , or how long he spent with each group ( though the NNP article suggests he was part of the band through their chart NN , rather than just a session man ) .	16	17	VBZ	suggests	suggest
upon arriving , the colony begins to establish itself .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the details of the earlier NNS are not certain , but a church dedicated to john the NNP is VBN in about CD .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the account also includes one of the earliest references to `` bear 's den '' , and although the location is not clear , a traditional belief is recorded that it was a roman burial site .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
however , nathan does n't always know that the people are dead unless they tell him or he actually sees them die .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the last two claims are subjective opinions by the authors of this computer system .	3	4	VBP	are	is
artists who have worked on the NN ' series include NNP NNP ( a .	0	9	VBP	include	includes
this block appears to have been imposed to prevent edit warring , not as `` punishment .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP has an expanded mission statement stating that the basic function of the school is to `` provide instruction and opportunities for achievement .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
styles , NNS , colours and patterns are also more varied than in most suits ; JJR and JJR NNS may be used , such as NN , NN , NN , leather , and NN .	0	7	VBP	are	is
indeed , in the normal case , a peer-reviewed published article is a secondary source .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
you see , these things somehow promote NNP and hopefully this has made your day better .	4	6	VBP	promote	promotes
when the consumer shortly afterwards goes to the NN 's store and uses their phone to make a purchase , the NN can be VBN .	2	5	VBZ	goes	go
all his NNS are turned to JJ '' , meaning all his expectations end in nothing ; all his NN ends in smoke , like a person who VBZ he sees a swan on a river but finds it to be only a NN .	12	13	VBP	end	ends
as the canal passes underneath NNP bridge it passes from NNP , england into NNP , wales .	2	3	VBZ	passes	pass
their most notable feature is that the diameter of the NN extends over the rim of the NN , thereby giving a slightly wider surface area for the rolled NN to seal onto .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he could think his research is wonderful , etc .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i know that this bass line contains one flat , NNP , so the key is f .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a NN characteristic is the usage of JJ NN sequences ( sweet NNP , pretty NNP ) , which also leads to more subtle key changes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ curve is a type of pitch in baseball .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the history is still present if you need to retrieve something to show a pattern of JJ comments or any other use .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
with the NN of NNP and rachel , he and quinn are partnered for , and win , a duet competition within the group , after which their victory dinner turns into a first date ; the victory later VBZ them a lead performance at NNS .	29	30	VBZ	turns	turn
these white papers provide a comprehensive technical overview of NNP services , based on the work of the metro NNP forum technical committee .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
a NN dancing competition , similar to dancing with the stars , is the final competition .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the campus is one of the fastest growing college campuses in the state .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his influences are dream theater , NNP NNP , NNP , symphony x , NNP , NNP , and many more .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP NNP charleston special edition has the same colour scheme and pattern .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
personally , i think an occupation of nearly two centuries ought to have more weight than a rather odd treaty , but international border disputes have a very long memory .	24	25	VBP	have	has
the college provides various services for people on the JJ spectrum .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
this sort of software has a fairly wide user base , and the references VBN above show that it meets current notability guidelines .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
apart from the numerous early JJ hotels and NNS in the town centre and along the NN NN , its main attractions are its JJ pier , the NN NNP hunting lodge and the enormous NNP complex just north of the town .	21	22	VBP	are	is
its facilities extend over four floors and takes students from year 7 to year 11 ( the NNP year ) .	1	2	VBP	extend	extends
the fact that several airlines had VBN at NNP is a notable part of its history , but it is not the kind of thing which VBZ a NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
other sources of income include fees VBN from charges for processing of applications .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP appears to have a NN effect on him , and their relationship is more JJ and JJ than in the original timeline .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the main color of the shell and its skin is olive green to dark brown .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
as can be seen from the map , the southeastern zone is RB compact and continuous , while the northwestern zone is broken , JJ and VBN with areas where other JJ dialects are spoken .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the program is 6 months long and NNS receive about two hours of treatment weekly .	7	8	VBP	receive	receives
most NNS are VBG animals ; the sizes and NNS of such NNS vary by species and region .	7	13	VBP	vary	varies
the warnings initially point to a terror attack ( `` do n't catch a train on sunday '' ) but in the end are revealed to come from genuine concern ( `` .	1	3	VBP	point	points
JJ JJ protein 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
another common use of NN priority mode is to suggest how the camera should determine a NN speed , without VBG a poor exposure .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
both sources agree that there is no requirement of meter in a NN double , though all lines must be consistent in length .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
NN from speedy , because hoax is still not a criteria .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in my view if an edit is good , who made it is RB JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the only way we can be sure that they are accurate it to expect solid sourcing , so the standard is pretty high for sources , and articles about people without good sourcing generally get deleted , thus VBG your time .	2	20	VBZ	is	are
delete although NN is certainly what some NNS do .	7	8	VBP	do	does
a christian international school in thailand is sufficiently unusual to be notable .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
front man NNP NNP claims that their band 's name comes from both NNP NNP 's band NNP and the anime character NNP NNP .	9	10	VBZ	comes	come
after several other missions , the player encounters a mysterious NN during a simple NN mission , that is traveling at higher speeds than any other submarine in NNP .	6	7	VBZ	encounters	encounter
NNS ' short verse includes `` hurt hawks , '' `` the NN '' and `` NNP , NNP republic .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
JJ editor ; it does appear that any case would VB around the sources , and a good interpretation of them appears JJ .	18	21	VBZ	appears	appear
suddenly NNP mentions that his local press articles are JJ .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the arguments presented here for deletion make sense .	1	6	VBP	make	makes
this expression is in no way widely known in russia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the key thing to keep in mind with the chinese medical application of the five elements is that it is only a model , and it is known to have exceptions .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
in switzerland , deadly drugs may be VBN to a swiss person or to a NN , where the recipient takes an active role in the drug administration .	19	20	VBZ	takes	take
NN of the JJ NN leads to the excess NN of tears called NN .	0	5	VBZ	leads	lead
lewis ' nephew is former major league player hal morris .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
neither this list - nor ( even worse ) a list of games in the article - are appropriate now that such things are NN .	22	23	VBP	are	is
a protocol amendment is to be submitted in the near future .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
spread over an area of 125 NN , the NNP complex looks more like a JJ resort than a place of religious significance .	10	11	VBZ	looks	look
one difference between JJ and metal NNS is that at a metal surface the electromagnetic waves are RB confined ; at high frequencies the electric and magnetic fields VBP a very short distance into the metal .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is RB comprehensive ( NNS NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the template is RB pov , and claims a JJ consensus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the concept of the JJ step is very important to the NN and understanding of many chemical processes such as NN and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this user , based on my recent interactions , is almost certainly rich NNP see my talk page .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
but the article now fits most of the wikipedia standards when writing an article about a game .	2	4	VBZ	fits	fit
comment of course , online references are easier for wp editors to check , but it would nevertheless be acceptable if sourced from paper references .	5	6	VBP	are	is
my opinion is the person is either just here for the NN , or is too JJ to understand how wikipedia works ( or both ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
traditional JJ dances and festivals known as NNP 's are as well an important means to celebrate their indigenous roots and VB their ethnic membership within JJ borders .	2	9	VBP	are	is
her parents both VBP from the NNP region , with her father being from a nearby village , NNP .	1	3	VBP	originate	originates
featured article candidates ; other pages are JJ .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the addition of new , clean , JJ water appears to be the primary NN for this species .	8	9	VBZ	appears	appear
these devices are illegal in some countries , such as singapore and malaysia .	1	2	VBP	are	is
founded in 1978 , the american company has a dedicated sales , NN , and JJ staff based in NNP park , california .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the school colors are hunter green and silver , and its mascot is a NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the phrase `` JJ england '' appears in english in the german text .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
stevens devoted ten years of his life to this cause , i think a little exposition is justified .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the current constitution defines the autonomous province of kosovo and NNP as an integral part of serbia , but with `` substantial autonomy '' .	2	3	VBZ	defines	define
the parish is entirely rural , and most of the listed buildings are domestic , or related to farming .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the second category is the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the parish is in the peak district national park and covers NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main article already contains the ( unsourced ) claim about being the JJS , and an indication of frequencies .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
as JJ adoption increases , these devices become more JJ to NNS who try to VB them with JJ software ( NN ) .	6	7	VBP	become	becomes
local native plant species include NNP oak ( NNP NN ) and various pine species .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
in the oldest version of the story , the burial of NNPS takes place during NNP ' reign in NNP , before NNP NNS NNP .	9	12	VBZ	takes	take
the swedish editions in particular have a long tradition of VBG english NNS , especially gospel songs for outreach .	2	5	VBP	have	has
my idea about JJ plane is the set of all lines of NNP through origin .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
it is estimated that CD , 000 women and men are without shelter each night in the united states .	7	10	VBP	are	is
the animal rights movement generally recognize that JJ animals have some similar characteristics as human persons .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the NNP province ( UH , oblast ) contains eight municipalities ( ) .	2	8	VBZ	contains	contain
these articles are all members of wikiproject mass NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the town of NNP is most known for its output of successful NNS to america .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
other interesting NNP NNS are certain `` NNS '' or `` NNS '' of those from example 3 which are neither JJ nor JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the functional area of an intersection or interchange is the area that is critical to its safe and efficient operation .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
each column was brought in by rail from the pacific northwest because trees in montana rarely grow so large .	12	16	VBP	grow	grows
more recent scholarship seeks to understand NN as an NN of psychological , medical , or social NN to work .	2	3	VBZ	seeks	seek
very few of the people born here stay through NN ; at the same time , the origins of the inhabitants fall within a wide range , as people from the most various places of romania can be found in the delta .	17	21	VBP	fall	falls
strong keep ; NN , this guy has half a million hits on the german google , over five hundred listings on the JJ amazon .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the lead section is too short , and also the inline citations could do with a cleanup .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
whether others warrant a block has nothing to do with your block , which was fully justified .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
enterprise information security architecture ( NNP ) is a part of enterprise architecture focusing on information security throughout the enterprise .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP basic 's speed advantage was partly because JJ NNS are more complex and thus inherently slower on the apple 's CD cpu than binary NNS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
anyone who thinks that the relative strength of the reasons is decisive is JJ about our processes .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the challenge is to avoid having 15 JJ images of JJ NNS !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the concept of NN has been more recently VBN , and the current policy ( 2008 ) is that it is not sufficiently established to include it as a position of the NNP but further investigation is VBN .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNS search for money from when the girl used to live there years ago .	1	2	VBP	search	searches
as for the map , i 'm JJ with a map indicating the whole island as the range if the article says otherwise .	20	21	VBZ	says	say
the hurricane later produces a snow storm in new england .	1	3	VBZ	produces	produce
for easier care and to avoid VBG all NNS are JJ .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the JJ development , as a NNP concept , is actually not in use in europe .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
opponents , such as david gross , suggest that the idea is inherently JJ , JJ or NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a common practice among professional NNS is environmental and JJ advocacy .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as i said , nothing wrong , but treat it in that context ( JJ experimental papers also tend to VB experiments to support the authors favorite theory and are indeed explicitly considered a primary source by wikipedia ) .	16	18	VBP	tend	tends
ad ) there is a question which was sent to the emperor involving a situation where a document witnesses a promise to pay back a loan but does not mention the requirement of interest , which was a part of the oral promise .	17	18	VBZ	witnesses	witness
mount NNP NNP football team is the JJS team in the state , and 5th NN in the country , with over 800 wins .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the album is also the only fall out boy album not featuring andy NNP on drums .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the major rivers that run through it include the NNP , the NNP and the south and middle NNS of the salmon river .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
is there a NN why new some born animals are JJ like NN .	8	9	VBP	are	is
scales play an important part in the natural history of NNP .	0	1	VBP	play	plays
the tropical atlantic realm is one of twelve marine NNS that cover the world 's coastal seas and continental NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the green is the site of local community events , including a traveling fun fair , church events and charity JJ sales .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the head is large , with yellow eyes and a white facial disc , and a `` surprised '' appearance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the 19th session is the current session of the national assembly of south korea .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each episode follows a similar structure , with some variation , in terms of the storyline and the musical form .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the origin of the word is arab word NN , which means clothes , NN but also indicating NN and other precious items , and persian NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the name derives from the old english NN , meaning hill .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
they are first VBN while the frog is still in the VBN position , then they are contracted before being VBD again to launch the frog into the air .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
our NN is available for free viewing and VBG at the internet archive .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the district is rich in wildlife with at least 25 types of mammals , about 60 species of birds including 14 species of JJ birds and many species of NNS , NNS and NNS listed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
evidence for this comes from the description of a NN held at NNP in CD in honour of emperor NNP .	0	3	VBZ	comes	come
these computer NNS are usually most effective in victim identification because they do not appear too artificial .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in any event , this page is not the place to discuss it .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP species , such as plants , form the first level and are the resource limited species that feed on no other living creature in the web .	1	7	VBP	form	forms
in the larger window , an open door VBZ a celtic cross with JJ rays of light .	7	8	VBZ	surrounds	surround
however , VBG `` smoke NN '' is not legal grounds for claiming the ham was `` JJ '' ; these are labeled `` smoke NN added '' .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
the infection page description for secondary NNS is terrible .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
and the individual films have their own articles , anyway .	3	4	VBP	have	has
in brazil , the main materials for VBG are aluminum , steel , glass , paper and NNS [ 6 ] .	5	8	VBP	are	is
the main mascot is the NNP rider who rides a live horse .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
per above discussions and JJ consensus an article on the railway station serving the city is not only acceptable , but essential .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
our criteria for inclusion are not based upon what NNS web sites take .	11	12	VBP	take	takes
lost city NNS release NN and hydrogen into the surrounding water ; they do not produce significant amounts of carbon dioxide , hydrogen NN or metals , which are the major NNS of volcanic black NN NNS .	2	3	VBP	release	releases
the only really important missing one is the NN to round NN dot change , and that one would be quite difficult to do for a few reasons .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are enough to make the article pass a7 but not JJ enough to be deleted under .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i would argue that the metro atlanta piece represents JJ coverage , and that the two articles by NNP and the awards help supplement notability of this organization that goes beyond local coverage .	16	22	VBP	help	helps
the man is identified as mr NNP , boss of his own construction company , while the woman remains JJ .	17	18	VBZ	remains	remain
another option is to VB an image in wikipedia so it VBZ automatically through a series of separate images .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additional match for JJ championship is the major professional competition .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
for example , if 21 articles are in rotation , you would make the number of the biography you are creating 22 .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this article on the movie 300 is ready for fa status .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
neighboring municipalities are NNP to the northeast , NNP and NNP to the southeast , NNP to the east , NNP to the south and NNP to the west .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the topic NNS are perfectly clear '' and `` [ a ] NN pages .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP store , while `` hang the moon '' is available on the cast album NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
a key notion in the whole process is that of NN , the income level which is necessary for VBG one 's life .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the site features a JJ concrete NN , a VBG pool and an art NN fountain .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the legend lives on in a NN to heaven '' , the age , 2005 .	1	2	VBZ	lives	live
its article count is just above CD , 000 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the work on NNP is still very early and needs to be expanded in the context of NN and immune regulation .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
one such poem is `` NNP '' , which was written about NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
its narrow valley is RB fertile , suitable for most types of fruit trees , particularly NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the number is the same for all players , it is listed here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another important consideration for software NN is performance .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the boxer or NN tends to be most successful against a NN , whose slow speed ( both hand and foot ) and poor technique makes him an easy target to hit for the faster NN .	24	25	VBZ	makes	make
the school VBZ most major catholic holidays particularly those associated with the founder of the NNP order , saint benedict .	1	2	VBZ	observes	observe
the surrounding area to the south towards NNP in the direction of the NN NNP basin is part of the NNP , an area known for its fine wines .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
the second regions of interest shown by an NN are JJ NNP domain ( NNP ) .	2	9	VBP	are	is
other friends include NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the forests of the southeast tip of NNP are home to a cave that is considered the residence of NNP and NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is
born peter NNP on november 3 , 1921 , to michael NNP ( a russian NNP ; the spelling is the russian version ) and NNP NNP beer , in NNP , germany .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
JJ areas are present around the NNS , NN tip , and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
path 15 , along with the pacific dc NNP running far to the east , forms an important transmission NN with the JJ plants to the north and the fossil fuel plants to the south .	0	15	VBZ	forms	form
the paragraph in early life is a little NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , the scale has been criticized because the scale is still not a true NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS include NNP NNP , giovanni NNP , NNP NNP frank , and NNP NNP with major contributions by christopher NNP , beverly silver , NNP NNP , janet abu NNP , thomas d .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
consequently , the language has the capability of performing complex operations in program control , text editing and NN , gaming , simulation , and mathematics .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the eyes are without NN and no mouth is developed upon this stage .	1	2	VBP	are	is
essays and NNS cover cultural topics in a broad sense .	0	3	VBP	cover	covers
the river VBZ south of NNP , a village in the south JJ region some northeast of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
NNP computer ) or JJ computer is an JJ computer based on a JJ chemical `` soup '' where data are represented by varying concentrations of chemicals .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ that these JJ NNS may be crucial for how the brain produces the NN JJ feelings common to JJ food , sex , drugs , and other NNS ( a role previously thought to be played mostly by brain NN systems ) .	12	13	VBZ	produces	produce
NNP town is the district headquarters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only mentions of this word on the web all refer to martin NNP and are usually in quotes - indicating that the word has not passed into the language but is a term used by one person .	2	10	VBP	refer	refers
family relationships are not always NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
replacing the source link is not a problem , but i believe i need to prove this was actually published before 1 january 1923 for this to be eligible for NNP status .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
currently , the article is in a position where it could easily be improved in the future when more sources pop up .	19	20	VBP	pop	pops
your impression is correct , and negative statements that are unsourced should be RB removed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a film titled NNP is in the works , which is based on the book .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
advent NN is usually done for a charity voted on by the pupils or the year council , where each year has a different charity .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
the audio clips include songs by NNP NNP and NNP NNP islam , while the video clips include sheikh NNP NNP 's speech on 7 march 1971 .	16	17	VBP	include	includes
the source appears to be primarily a NN company and does news as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
put more simply , a JJ insert is a scene that is outside the story world which is `` inserted '' into the story world .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the list is RB not specific to films which focus purely upon the topics but could also easily include films with characters of such orientation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP reaction is the treatment of NN compound with carbon NN and NN NN in NN solution to form 2 , NNS ( see figure 2 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
body parts and NN terms are RB possessed , and some NN terms require VBG .	12	13	VBP	require	requires
the journal accepts NNS in either english or french .	1	2	VBZ	accepts	accept
years after its finish , the show maintains a loyal fan base , and has recently experienced a NN of popularity thanks to its addition to the cartoon lineup on NNP .	6	7	VBZ	maintains	maintain
this category contains articles related to eighth avenue , a JJ avenue in manhattan , new york .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a large crowd is present to serve the lord on all NNS every month .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fourth story is about peter NNP visiting a VBN theatre with some of ken 's friends .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the el NNP mine is a large copper mine located in northern chile in NNP region .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
freedom is not free '' is VBN into one wall at the korean war veterans memorial , washington , d .	0	1	VBZ	Is	Are
ford 's final known JJ credit is for the 1928 the call of the heart , a JJ vehicle for `` NNP the devil dog '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
they claim that the term has a broader meaning that does not VB any such authority in muhammad 's family exclusively and that it is possible for any JJ person of faith to VB such spiritual NN or authority .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
wiki or any kind , like you are doing to me , and my intention is try to have it settled between disputed parties only .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
his most recent military lawyer is major thomas NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS raise three arguments to the contrary , but each argument fails .	10	11	VBZ	fails	fail
just as the group is to be executed , NNP VBZ a JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i ca n't believe i 'm actually talking about this rather JJ subject online , but every day brings a new surprise .	17	18	VBZ	brings	bring
as the game VBZ , the `` mad bomber '' VBZ the top of the screen much more RB , dropping bombs at increasingly higher speeds , making each of the seven higher levels more difficult .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
the storage of graph related NNP allows for data impact analysis to occur , giving the user a visual sense of how the data is changing in a graph , and the impacts those changes have on another graph .	34	35	VBP	have	has
as the seat of an agricultural county , the city 's economy relies on vital services for farmers .	11	12	VBZ	relies	rely
if the explanation is not JJ , then NNP can post an appeal to the noticeboard .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and open NNS have an abundance of NNS typical of this zone , notably NNP NN and NNP NN .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the default setting , `` comfort '' , is ideal under normal driving conditions , VBG as the car 's speed increases .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
original choices for the lead role include robert NNP , leslie howard and george NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
on the other hand , the NN allowed by god for our NN , when we are handed over to NNP because of our NN , god often permits to continue until our death , if this is needed to VB our NNS .	6	28	VBZ	permits	permit
blocks serve as the technical means .	0	1	VBP	serve	serves
this category is for individuals and organizations related to phi chi medical fraternity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
regardless , this is what the user pages are for .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the JJS month is january with an average temperature of 21 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to the band website , the artists that were most influential to mechanical angel 's music include primarily nine inch NNP , NNP NNP , NNP mode , NNP NNP and massive attack .	7	17	VBP	include	includes
so he decides that the best way to get out of these NNS of NN is to dive head first into a new investigation .	6	15	VBZ	is	are
ironically , this occurred on the very first year that mtv decided to have different sets of NNS for these categories ( as until 1994 the practice had been to have both categories have exactly the same set of NNS ) .	32	33	VBP	have	has
winters are fairly cold , with temperatures steady between , but it rarely drops below .	0	1	VBP	are	is
as soon as the new missionary is dead the NNS come for the narrator ; VBN by his NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
but links to websites that provide them would be more appropriate , if in context for the article ( s ) those links appear in .	22	23	VBP	appear	appears
every reference in the article serves to VB secondary trivial facts , like a festival existing , rather than him having anything to do with it .	1	5	VBZ	serves	serve
the fossil material is limited , with the best being a portion of the JJ bone of the NN , but one unusual feature is that the pair of NNS closest to the NN NN towards the NN , rather than away from it as in s .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
when the engine is warm and the NN stops , the engine dies - which would indicate some kind of fuel NN issue .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
subsequent records of the ship 's movements are JJ , but it appears she remained active through the 1920s , operating from various ports in the united states to destinations as diverse as NNP , st .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the current principal is joe NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
top NNS very nearly always do so , and the NNP NN is expected to decay into bottom NNS more than any other particle if it is sufficiently light .	1	5	VBP	do	does
the base of the NNP is at the first appearance of NN species NNP NN and the top of magnetic NN NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the title seems to have been inherited by one of his brothers , and then by a cousin woman family named NNP .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
thus , living plants and animals have the same ratio of CD to CD as the atmospheric NNP .	3	6	VBP	have	has
this level begins in the underground caves of a volcano , with rocky passages filled with pools of lava .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
my partner also VBZ the taste of alcohol , but he is NN of [ [ NN ] ] s .	1	3	VBZ	hates	hate
once there , the girls find a statue with an JJ resemblance to nancy , in a NN NN .	4	5	VBP	find	finds
NNP 's two sons are JJ sports fans and are part of the NNP bryant fan club .	3	4	VBP	are	is
several NNP seals show ancient indian traditional folk tale in a NN of scenes .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
its local dishes are JJ , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
voting as an editor , not as an admin , i believe that the JJ objections in both content and number indicate that this nomination should be brought up again at a future time .	15	21	VBP	indicate	indicates
thus , this protein plays a role in transcription , dna repair of JJ breaks NN , JJ regulation as well as other functions .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
the most common policy goal is that the frequency of military NNS ' visits to public schools , their locations in schools , and their types of activities be controlled rather than unlimited .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
meaning change NNP extension is almost a universal and natural process in any language NN by every word .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the space , along with the double origin NN is an example of a NNP space , although it is not completely NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and the NNS alike VBP that the philosophy of the NNP is the practice of JJ action .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the competition itself gets a few NNP hits , but not this particular team .	1	3	VBZ	gets	get
during the fall seasons , the JJ conference sends JJ teams to the regional NNS of region iv of the NNP .	7	8	VBZ	sends	send
effort justification is an idea and NN in social psychology VBG from NNP 's theory of cognitive NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after VBG the hill , the ride enters into a beyond vertical drop .	6	7	VBZ	enters	enter
the activities section there is a more appropriate place for fan sites and projects .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the new zealand fed cup team represents new zealand in fed cup tennis competition and are governed by the tennis new zealand .	5	6	VBZ	represents	represent
other players who have been relatively successful at wimbledon are boris NNP , john NNP , stefan NNP and chris NNP .	1	9	VBP	are	is
however the show includes cast members from various parts of north east england .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
comment just wan na VB you folks , this article as it stands , 2 days into this discussion , is a significant set of multiple NNS .	9	20	VBZ	is	are
when gathering the requirements from the business users , the local it department should also be VBN in order to determine to which degree it is possible to fulfill the business 's needs based on the available data .	23	25	VBZ	is	are
tokyo is one point and your position is another ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
typical values of ground NN particle velocity associated with vehicles passing over traffic VBG road NNS are in the range of 0 .	1	16	VBP	are	is
this fair is as attractive as the rest NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village is the main setting for the musical dear NNP by NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP language is JJ , filled with explosive NNS ( p ' , k ' and t ' ) and `` NN '' sounds ( represented by the letter `` x '' in the NNP language ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as JJ evolved into old norse , in the 8th century , the effects of the NNS seem to have been very much the same over the whole old norse area .	13	17	VBP	seem	seems
their home stadium is the NNP de la NNP , which seats 3 , 000 spectators .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
our mutual communal agreement is not that this is bad , or even that it is VBN or a conflict of interest .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these target molecules VBP to an enzyme 's active site and are transformed into products through a series of steps known as the JJ mechanism .	2	3	VBP	bind	binds
a common report from those with NN is some type of a religious NN - that is , they believe they are divine beings , god is talking to them , they are possessed by demons , etc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
may 10 , the persian ambassador requests that the NNPS move the NNP NN from NNP .	6	10	VBP	move	moves
its administrative center is the town of NNP ( which is not RB a part of the district ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
plastic NNS mean you can actually lift an JJ bottle of juice .	1	2	VBP	mean	means
unless you explain why the article is not notable , you can not put the tag in .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the american university system gives athletes the chance to continue their academic studies and train to become an international athlete at the same time .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give
various species of green NN , red NN , NNS , and fungi lack the JJ gene but instead possess a related gene called NNP ( NN NN ) .	1	13	VBP	lack	lacks
the method uses a strong JJ perspective as regards the `` creative '' individual who is said to act at all times with knowledge , purpose and affect .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
NNP 's third legal criterion for constitutional NN is the existence of an authority to VB upon the legal validity or NN of laws passed by the nation 's JJ body .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the first volume contains over 800 JJ pages and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
i think it 's carl that 's being VBN here , by those who continually follow alan NNP 's page ( some editors seem to do nothing but edit that talk page .	22	23	VBP	seem	seems
cards are JJ on any other NNP system in the same or other locations .	0	1	VBP	are	is
obviously , major acts of terror are unique and governments are extremely JJ of consequences .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the school currently has a total enrollment of 160 students NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
they VBP off jean grey ( such as when dark phoenix was destroyed ) and doctor doom every so often and then bring them back when the story demands it , for instance .	27	28	VBZ	demands	demand
their son NNP is an army NN and JJ warrior of his majesty , NNP is a transport officer of his majesty , horse NN and porter of the temple of NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the protagonist , NNP NNP , is a writer .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this feature is also present in front mission 3 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the latin names of the city are NNP and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the three high values are JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in NNP and NNP , the vertical NN pulse occurs within the vertical NN interval .	8	9	VBZ	occurs	occur
according to national NNP office of thailand in 2007 , the country has 3 , CD NNS , with the largest number ( CD ) in NNP province .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
now food street , NNP is still JJ , but food street is a list of 4 streets is australia , one in hong kong , one in india , one in the u .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
perhaps the agreement needs to be put out for comment both by editors in the area for npov etc and administrators for NN in a monitoring sense .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
our mission is to fulfill customer highest expectations with a reliable and always improving product .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
part of metro NNP extends into the far northwest from tennessee , while most of the rest of the region is associated more with JJ mass media .	0	4	VBZ	extends	extend
the spelling NNP comes from the NNP NNP , a JJ copy of NNP 's NNP believed to be from the JJ century .	1	3	VBZ	comes	come
the primary JJ NN is the NNP which VBZ the cardinal sign associated with NNP , JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a jungle is a dense forest in a tropical climate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these NNS form JJ NNS with the NN cells and the cells of the deep NN NN .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
details of this battle are not clear , but it is known today that major factor in the NNP victory was that the NNP army used the NN in a decisive manner .	0	4	VBP	are	is
different NNS do best in different weather .	1	2	VBP	do	does
the NNP domain appears to act as a JJ interaction module VBN in gene NN , as suggested for example by its interaction within NN NNP with the silent information NN NNP .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the album includes the singles `` tell me you get RB '' and `` a NNP girls '' , both of which charted within the top 40 of hot country songs .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
symptoms of this include a slight but persistent NN , as well as heavy NN , causing a JJ appearance of the NN .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
but the village retains some of its romantic NN .	2	3	VBZ	retains	retain
your biggest concern , in my mind , is the `` no inline citations .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
i manually installed the update and the message said it installed successfully , but somehow this problem VBZ .	16	17	VBZ	persists	persist
tom NNP , a professor at the NNP berkeley graduate school of journalism told the san francisco chronicle that the move , `` strikes me as JJ , '' adding that the move set the press `` apart , and there may be great benefit in being set apart .	20	23	VBZ	strikes	strike
the district is today served directly by lines CD and CD of NNP 's bus network , with many more operating from nearby NNP ; as well as the airport shuttle bus NNP run by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
will search for an image with more pieces of media present , but until then this image has the highest quantity of saw media present in a single image .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
soon NNP VBZ NNP to VB him and while his concern is for the JJ baby he also can not handle the fact that NNP does things that he tells her not to do .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP control is the amount of food required to maintain a healthy weight .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however a closer examination reveals that this is not the case .	3	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal
of the fifty NNS , ten would reply with another phrase ( `` the sea is green '' ) .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the adult leaves are JJ , in NNS of three , and VBD at the base ( see below right ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
if someone wants to make the case that a good germans article belongs on wikipedia , i suggest they write one that belongs , and that clearly goes beyond defining a NN .	12	17	VBP	suggest	suggests
NNP NNP is an indian writer who writes NNS for NNP as well as novels ; her debut novel , bombay duck is a fish , was published in 2011 .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
the usual NN of the NN NN is that civilization is inherently JJ in the face of truly JJ threats and that most individuals can not be relied upon to support the greater good if the personal cost becomes too high .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i believe the second statement means you must prove ( or VB ) the case where p and q are not distinct prime numbers ( meaning they are either the same prime number or one or both are not prime ) .	4	5	VBZ	means	mean
in addition , the reports indicate that patients are continuing to incorrectly use the NN patch .	4	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
adults have relatively narrow NNS with a NN of white , JJ and JJ scales .	0	1	VBP	have	has
in summer ( december to march ) temperatures are more diverse , with an average of in the south and in the north .	7	8	VBP	are	is
after presenting their gifts and VBG the altar and NNP scene , the kings take special seats of honour and assist at the high mass .	13	14	VBP	take	takes
again , this is my first article so i 'm not sure if the heading style is correct , but the article does seem to flow better now that it 's divided .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
if the community is JJ enough to ignore his actions , then the community deserves results of NN here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
interstate 99 and interstate CD have been extended in recent years , yet the only maps that have been updated are those that are on the respective pages themselves .	15	20	VBP	are	is
each cottage is in two NNS , with shaped NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
production fluid is the fluid mixture of oil , gas and water in formation fluid that flows to the surface of an oil well from a reservoir .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ relations are foreign relations between the netherlands and greece .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP passing mention in an article discussing a different issue entirely is insufficient to show notability .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
catherine NNP ( NNP university new orleans ) has stated that the word `` cult '' represents just as much prejudice and NN as racial NNS or JJ words for women and NNS .	14	16	VBZ	represents	represent
deadly NNP , the player takes the role of NNP , fighting successive waves of enemy NNS and NNS in a JJ quest to achieve the highest score .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
so whether the reason for double NN is due to NN or simply to make it easier for reviewers to make comments would seem unclear .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
necessarily , in such a model the NN hypothesis is false .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a completely torn NN requires surgery but a partially torn NN can be treated with leg NN followed by physical therapy .	3	4	VBZ	requires	require
innovations , design and atmosphere or NN are the main points .	0	7	VBP	are	is
only three teams that were featured in NNP 3 make a return appearance in NNP fusion ( except ag systems and NNP ) - NN , NNP , and NNP .	2	9	VBP	make	makes
east of NNP avenue near 2nd street , route 56 runs parallel to the NNP line on the line 's north side .	10	11	VBP	parallel	parallels
such elementary mistakes indicate that more experience is required for adminship .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
NNP proteins have several functional domains , including an JJ interaction domain , a central NNP domain , an NNP domain , and the JJ NN domain .	1	2	VBP	have	has
you will find that the statistics are being updated as the match VBZ .	11	12	VBZ	progresses	progress
NNP was a temporary home town for this negro league team in 1933 , some older sources refer to them by default as `` indianapolis american giants '' , but it was never an official name .	16	17	VBP	refer	refers
VBG mothers and nursing women also get reliable NNS and NNS as well as medical advice throughout the pregnancy and after the child is born .	1	6	VBP	get	gets
the story takes the form of a signed statement by a chinese professor of english named dr .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the information is strictly JJ and simply states facts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tracks ' names are the surname of a member of the group , including the sound engineer NNP NNP , with the first letter replaced by a g .	3	4	VBP	are	is
its official english translation is the german technical and scientific association for gas and water .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his experience of the circumstances surrounding sophie NNP 's visit is somewhat more JJ than NNP 's , beginning when he is sexually VBN by of a man at a theater .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
after two weeks , the trip is over .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the town is famous for its ottoman era old NN , which was renovated and restored in 1995 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
once in the NN , they VBP through to the brain , where they grow and the life cycle begins RB .	18	19	VBZ	begins	begin
but the films show it adequately by themselves .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
readers turn to their local newspaper as one of the best sources of information about issues affecting the northern beaches community .	0	1	VBP	turn	turns
the nearest station is lincoln central .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
every article in wikipedia deserves to be judged on its own merits .	1	4	VBZ	deserves	deserve
if an award is obviously trivial , than an admin NN RB VBZ it , but if there might be a doubt whether it is significant or not , then use prod or afd , not an a7 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the negative side to this kind of software is usually that it is much more limited in capabilities than server based systems .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
unlike NNP , however , he dies of his wounds before the NNS land on NNP .	12	13	VBP	land	lands
most JJ species seem almost certainly not to have used language nor to have controlled fire , although they are directly associated with the latter at NNPS .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
the reserve has a substantial NN of NNP deer .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the art of true light is the main activity of NNP NNP because , it is believed , this practice can help people to restore their original divine nature as children of god .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
whereas NNP allows for the accurate detection of a specific location , mobile computers allow interactive media to be linked to this place .	13	14	VBP	allow	allows
i have RB been doing small NNS in efforts to build my NN but i do know that the first thing people are going to do is google me and what NNP out is .	20	26	VBZ	is	are
the original NN and barrel constructed NN later known as the NNP street bridge at the foot of the old village area in mount pleasant is the point where the crew of h .	2	25	VBZ	is	are
the head coach is david NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the nature of christian schools varies RB from country to country , according to the religious , educational , and political cultures .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary
in spain and most latin american countries , everyone has a double surname by law , although they are written without a NN and most people use only their first surname in everyday use .	25	26	VBP	use	uses
key membership benefits of NNP include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests , and a NNP bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the record serves as her debut with NNP records under the will .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
many literary works of authors from montenegro provide examples of the local NNP NN .	2	7	VBP	provide	provides
size variation in the NNP NNP over its range follows NNP 's rule ; namely , birds tend to be larger where the climate is NN .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the pier is also open to fishing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the landing on the south side of the station house has an JJ NN to allow passengers on new lots NNP trains to exit the station without having to go through the station house .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
the vehicle suspension and NN components respond to these forces , chassis and suspension frequency NNS ( under 30 NNP ) , and NN , engine , transmission and drive NN NNS at higher frequencies .	5	6	VBP	respond	responds
notable associates include the bishop of central pennsylvania , the NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
from the western end of the tunnel , the route goes along carl street , pass NNP campus , towards irving street , until it turns onto 9th avenue for one block and reaches NNP street , which the n runs on for the rest of its route .	9	10	VBZ	goes	go
the NN JJ indicates that JJ ion is a JJ ion with one oxygen replaced by a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
charter does not VB discrimination by churches , associations and businesses , while section 2 of the charter VBZ freedom of religion and section 93 of the constitution recognizes the right to JJ schools in certain cases .	13	18	VBZ	protects	protect
the problem is that they 're VBN instead of next to one another .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think that we both have been closer to the same ideal , and a great group is always the sum total of the individuals that comprise the group .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the convention which maria NNP has adopted and worked to death is basic to the NN novel , but its roots like in the drama , VBG at least to the renaissance separation of high and low characters by their forms of speech .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
linux VBZ a NN governed by NNP , which is the NNP where NN development takes place .	14	15	VBZ	takes	take
the sources should speak for the claims made , and if the claim is weak , their opinions should be irrelevant to the matter .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
her best friend 's name is NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this network is also home to the many NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP which will help you to understand why this practice is an issue .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the title character of NNP NNP , NNP ( 1876 ) becomes a NN NN , and jeffrey NNP , the hero of the NNP ( 1878 ) , becomes a VBG NN .	2	11	VBZ	becomes	become
of the north side VBZ only bases remain .	6	7	VBP	remain	remains
it states that for any NN , either that NN is true , or its NN is true .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i then added another cite to NNP and one to a JJ source , showing only that both sources compare the biblical data to modern data , and that was to VB charges that such a comparison is an unsourced synthesis .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
an alternative name for the factor is plasma JJ component , given by an independent group in california .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
cold print '' takes place in lower NNP at a NN known only in the story as american books bought and sold .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take
another version , VBN by a hungarian NN , claims that in CD NNP i of hungary invaded the kingdom of poland , took control of NNP , and installed NNP as its ruler .	1	9	VBZ	claims	claim
firstly , units frequently move from one terrain to another , where the background colours and NNS may differ greatly .	2	4	VBP	move	moves
people of NNP call this town NN .	0	3	VBP	call	calls
neighbouring villages are NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
today , the project provides a variety of resources to editors seeking to VB vandalism on wikipedia .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
the talk pages are about 60 pages long and have proven to be totally JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the traditional method consists of placing a NN fan ( or NN NNS ) at a low level and another NN fan at a higher level , which allows the JJ circulation of fresh air .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the variants outside NNP are still in use albeit under a different year numbering system .	1	4	VBP	are	is
hudson soft VBD the later 4 levels of the original NN to the NN with the title NNP ii , but the hudson release is unrelated to the game described in this article .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
a town in the state of washington is a municipality that has a population of less than 1 , 500 at NN , however an existing town can VB as a code city .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the park is the only reserve in new south wales with NNP habitat .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
until an JJ article appears i think the current arrangement works just fine .	9	10	VBZ	works	work
populations increase and decline , NNS expand and contract , while states grow and collapse .	11	12	VBP	grow	grows
the story , taking place in the year before the events of the dark portal , is about a young NN named NNP , who is unlike the rest of her kind .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's daily newspaper is the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN methods also include methods with random NNS .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
the VBN tiger NN typically grows from 6 .	3	5	VBZ	grows	grow
NNP ( song ) this page links to nothing else , and it is a song that did not reach any charts .	5	6	VBZ	links	link
a person without the ability to pay court costs has the option to VB a NN 's oath in order to file a lawsuit without paying filing fees .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
collins ( private communication ) the photo is out of copyright .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
it also works to decrease the length of time a child is in care .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
to the land where their fathers lie .	5	6	VBP	lie	lie
all four NN control areas of the station are on platform level .	4	8	VBP	are	is
a lot of people will just assume it covers the whole NN and will give it a NN , even though it is probably not , and even if the ref only covers the last sentence , or does n't match up properly .	30	32	VBZ	covers	cover
people prepare special dishes for their guests .	0	1	VBP	prepare	prepares
the remnants of this buffalo NN are still in house rock and occasionally VB up on top of the NNP to the grand canyon .	1	6	VBP	are	is
many computer systems have a memory hierarchy consisting of cpu NNS , JJ NNP NNS , external NNS , NNP , VBG systems and virtual memory or NN space on a hard drive .	2	3	VBP	have	has
i would , of course , make sure pages are factual and fix those in need of editing .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this chamber is circular topped with a dome with the light from the NNP at the top representing the glory of god .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other prestigious venues they have played include the mercury NNP in NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
the route continues RB into the town of NNP and the village of NNP , where it passes by a mixture of homes and businesses as it slowly turns to the east .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
each house is under the authority of one of the NNP staff members .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when NNP is eight years old , and this is where the story starts , NNP comes home RB .	12	13	VBZ	starts	start
a JJ reading is a reading of a text which moves beyond the dominant cultural beliefs to challenge VBG views .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the housing program takes families living in NN conditions and VBZ them a home with the help of NNP mission teams .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
a plot of the data appears in panel ( a ) of the figure .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the language has a RB large vowel inventory .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
trilogy by robert NNP and robert anton wilson ( in which characters from NNP NNP appear ) .	11	15	VBP	appear	appears
they feed primarily on leaves , NNS , fruits , roots , although they also eat insects , small animals , and NN .	6	15	VBP	eat	eats
needed , but not in this form - every other city uses the JJ form rather than a JJ , .	10	11	VBZ	uses	use
the main hospital on NNP is the NNP NNP ii hospital , situated in NNP village .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP engine of NNP is a first version of crystal reality 's NN technology which was later deployed to NNP and NNP software as the NN of mobile multimedia services ( known as NNP technology ) crystal reality planned to release 2 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
many other comedy films include instances of humorous NN , but do not feature it as a central plot element .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the ( unused ) cleanup template message suggests the use of the word NN ' in an article title is JJ .	6	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest
its head is white with black NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the veterans tell producer james NNP of how they received their injuries , and the emotional effect that it has had on them .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells
other non-profit organizations are not typical advertising clients , and rely upon free channels , such as public service NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP history shows that NNP wanted to sell everything and move out west .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
for example , current models of the operation of the NN molecule that VBZ NNS inside the cell as well as the NN molecule that operates against NN to cause muscle NN ; these molecules control movement in response to chemical NN .	4	35	VBP	control	controls
he had one JJ NNP NNP a NNP lady known as NNP NNP and even today this lineage survives and is known by the name NNP ( NNP NNP NNP is a famous heritage structure in NNP ) .	17	18	VBZ	survives	survive
a merge into NNP NNP may yet be the best path , but i say keep things as they are for now until more details emerge .	24	25	VBP	emerge	emerges
the metropolitan area consists of riverside county and san NNP county .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the project plans call for a 2 , JJ building equipped with indoor NNS , an information center and a drivers NN .	1	2	VBZ	plans	plan
albums have significant and extensive international distribution through one of the largest music NNS on the planet - disney .	0	1	VBP	have	has
NNP 's climate is hot and wet year round , typical of a tropical NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ school system involves the family , as the system holds that family and background are as important as a student 's performance in school .	10	11	VBZ	holds	hold
the JJ strength of the NNP NNP at present is CD , consisting of CD duty posts and 40 leave reserves .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
consequently , NNS argue , switch costs arise from an JJ , executive control process that VBZ the cognitive system to implement the relevant task set for task NNS .	2	3	VBP	argue	argues
the only concern i have with the current table is the blank entry for the junction column .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
when his father VBZ a younger woman , NNP NNP , NNP tells NNP that he suspects she is having an affair and NNS NNP to find proof .	2	3	VBZ	marries	marry
this kind of article , for a subject that is unlikely ever to be fa , is what ga is supposed to honor and this one appears to be a model article .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
if the current month discussions are not already included in the discussion section below .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the other international airport in london is london city airport , however is used less frequently now than NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the friends are worried about radiation NN , but NNP VBZ their safety with a NNP counter .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in august , the city is the site of the illinois state fair .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this documentary VBZ a great JJ filmmaker , NNP NNP ( CD ) , one of the pioneers of cinema in africa .	1	2	VBZ	portrays	portray
after much NN , the article is close , but let 's see what other problems i can find .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the monument is a stone NN topped by a statue of a soldier , which faces south towards the mississippi river in the valley below .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
educational psychology is the study of how humans learn in educational settings , the effectiveness of educational NNS , the psychology of teaching , and the social psychology of schools as organizations .	7	8	VBP	learn	learns
the use of ordinary water makes it necessary to do a certain amount of NN of the uranium fuel before the necessary NN of the reactor can be maintained .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make
last time i checked , everybody was very specific on being JJ with the wording of the NN , meaning that video game characters are not subject to it .	23	24	VBP	are	is
her father tells her he knew , almost , that NNP was ready to go when he stopped eating ; it was his time .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the drama ends with a scene where NNP jo NNP , with his royal NN , visits the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
many countries in europe require diesel fuel to meet a specific class in winter times .	1	4	VBP	require	requires
the image is not necessary to understand the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the essence of VBG out mouth with soap is to place soap , or a similar NN agent , inside a person 's mouth so that the person will taste it , VBG what most people consider an JJ experience .	35	36	VBP	consider	considers
the streams and NNS , the latter mainly in upper NNP , along with vast fields of NN and JJ NNS , as well as numerous towns of biblical importance , make the region a popular tourist destination .	1	31	VBP	make	makes
the metropolitan municipality is similar to the consolidated NN in the usa , although a south african metropolitan municipality is created by notice of the provincial government , not by agreement between district and local municipalities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and , dear god , that NN is the JJS thing in the world .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this is something engineers often worry about because if the track order is not right , it may seem RB JJ .	3	5	VBP	worry	worries
its natural habitat is JJ forests and it is probable that many nest in trees .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the river JJ VBZ the counties of NNP and NNP at NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	separates	separate
the NN is a compound NN of several dense JJ clusters of flowers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tail is JJ with the NNS on the upper side longer than those below .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , most typically both sides continue to match each other NN for NN , thus VBG the red queen effect as no matter how many resources each side VBZ , neither is able to gain an advantage .	5	6	VBP	continue	continues
this road leads to NNP on the JJ border , where it becomes the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
another example is statistical computing ( e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
drug court programs place as much emphasis on program attendance as they do on NN .	2	3	VBP	place	places
a specialist in egyptian history and material culture , NNP is a graduate ( first class honours ) in ancient history from university college london ( 1979 ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the first season has 12 episodes , in locations including montana , colorado , new mexico , and iowa .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in many sports , all-ireland teams compete with athletes from both the republic of ireland and northern ireland , and often under unique flags for each sport .	5	6	VBP	compete	competes
the court 's three duties are to conduct financial NNS of accounts , conduct good governance NNS , and provide information and advice to the french parliament and administration .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP species are grey black on the dorsal surface and grey yellow on the JJ region ; the NN fin is grey black with an irregular , small , yellow patch in the middle , and the other NNS are grey yellow along the JJ edge .	38	39	VBP	are	is
other species present in the area include european NN , wild NN , fox , VBN NN , wild NN , and european NN .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
this category of NN has gained considerable NN since november 2006 , with the introduction of NNP , a forum and wiki NN which can often bypass many of the NNS administrators use to reduce the amount of spam posted .	31	32	VBP	use	uses
the song contains an JJ sample from three 6 mafia 's `` stay fly '' and features vocals by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
NNS also offer loans to non citizens .	0	2	VBP	offer	offers
it is a tragic NN story about a woman named NNP and her daughters NNP and NNP , VBN by thomas jefferson ; their relatively comfortable lives end after jefferson 's death .	26	27	VBP	end	ends
this theory relates to VBN and JJ or developing nations such as india and indonesia .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
most modern rope NN techniques VBP from the JJ japanese NN art form of NN , which was in turn developed from the JJ japanese military NN technique of NN .	4	5	VBP	derive	derives
orthodox fathers of the church are those who practice the specific old and new testament cure of this NN of religion .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the number of males to females is about equal .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the organization 's name is a NN of phi beta NNP , and instead of a key , the members wear a NN tied to a red ribbon around their NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a path from candidate x to candidate y of strength p is a sequence of candidates c ( 1 ) , .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN in a NNP structure , such as a steel bar , has to undergo the same strain or NN as the surrounding concrete in order to prevent NN , slip or separation of the two materials under load .	1	13	VBZ	has	have
since this is the only central location people pay attention to .	7	8	VBP	pay	pays
in addition to columbus , the district also serves the children of columbus air force base military personnel .	6	8	VBZ	serves	serve
after french , the changes in the portuguese NN are the next most thorough from NNP latin .	4	9	VBP	are	is
this system VBZ the democratic process of NN and the independence from state and outside organisations .	1	2	VBZ	guarantees	guarantee
the image is significant in VBG where asylum had to create a digital extension of a NN for one of the death scenes in friday the 13th .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my experience with other st NNS is that they are very precise and JJ , as a matter of corporate culture .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a honey NN is a NN that is used as a NN in communities that lack a JJ NN system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
functional buildings assist the player in some aspect of completing a level or achieving a monetary goal , for example increasing revenue by generating interest ( the bank ) , or VBG up construction or repairs ( the workshop ) .	1	2	VBP	assist	assists
unless there is cultural significance , articles about characters belong in NNP , specialized NNP and the like .	6	9	VBP	belong	belongs
the alignment means , on the other hand , comprises RB opposing NNS VBN on the barrel portion outer surface and an aligned slot in the bell portion for each such NN .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the old JJ colonies continue to exist in the NNP , mainly occupied today by NNP jews .	3	4	VBP	continue	continues
now , since an even number of equal NNS , equally VBN , have their centre of gravity between the two middle NNS , a is in fact applied at e , and b at d , as the NN requires .	39	40	VBZ	requires	require
these dances vary in length and difficulty and as such the harder dances are performed at higher levels .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
both in JJ style and tone , the book is reminiscent of maurice NNP , particularly books such as in the night kitchen and we are all in the NNP with jack and guy .	16	25	VBP	Are	Is
the rooms are of average size , however some rooms are very small and others are rather large .	9	10	VBP	are	is
if the phase noise is large enough , the phase NN can become unstable .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
sweden is home to the legendary folk rock band NNP whose music contains a fair share of medieval influences , not least in their choice of instruments ; their songs often contain JJ , NNS and NNS .	29	31	VBP	contain	contains
some accounts say the marriage was by force .	1	2	VBP	say	says
it was a very `` questionable '' block on the part of NNP , and VB me to inform you that many other editors think that too .	23	24	VBP	think	thinks
freshwater NNS surrounding san NNP creek exist in a strip just a few hundred feet wide and draw their water supply primarily from emerging NN .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists
generally these can be closed quickly with no action if the user agrees to NN .	11	12	VBZ	agrees	agree
home signals have one two or three lights arranged one above the other .	1	2	VBP	have	has
as of august 2006 a total of CD NNP and NNP aircraft ( all variants ) are in airline service , with 8 further firm orders .	14	16	VBP	are	is
you sound totally JJ , i mean WP wants to keep an article that says that real artists are not and people VBG as artists with NNS are really artists .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the word notable in the title also seems JJ , something must be notable to be included within wikipedia anyway .	1	7	VBZ	seems	seem
his research interests lie in the synthesis of JJ natural products ( spanning JJ materials to new JJ NNS ) and JJ NNS ( with applications to VB flexible displays and organic solar cells ) .	2	3	VBP	lie	lie
a NN NN is the result of an interaction between a planet , such as earth , and streams of debris from a NN or other source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in japanese animation , `` NN '' characters are those designed to VB a protective or JJ response from the audience .	7	8	VBP	are	is
i find that articles related to the southeast are often in this condition ; NNP and NNP subjects are generally better off than NNP ones , but only because there are less articles to take care of , and less JJ users to deal with .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the JJ bear then walks out and decides to take his NN on NNP .	2	4	VBZ	walks	walk
the first team currently plays in the premier league of the NNP senior league .	2	4	VBZ	plays	play
best case this appears to either be an attempt to change under the radar or an attempt to pick a fight at the worst .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
of note is that canada 's largest companies by value , and largest employers , tend to be VBN in a way that is more typical of a developing nation than a NNP member .	7	15	VBP	tend	tends
NNP was chosen , although the origin of this name is unclear for certain .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
in domain theory , taking the product of two domains ( so that the product is strict on its arguments ) .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the busy NNP road runs just in front of the temple .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
the chairman of the NNP today is NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
he was generally known as ludwig , and that name also appears as louis in some references .	9	11	VBZ	appears	appear
the context indicates that NNP believes he has evidence , not yet provided , that NNP does not agree with its JJ statement .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
another theme that is VBN all throughout the NNP earth is power .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( 1993 ) the supreme court held that the NN standard for VBG guilty or VBG the right to counsel is the same as the NN standard for standing trial established in NNP v .	11	21	VBZ	is	are
this shop , although not in south london , has some NNP kit available .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
the film tells us the story of NNP , a JJ european woman , who VBZ the great love for her deceased JJ japanese partner by engaging young male NNS into JJ sexual adventures .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the festival features a street parade , NNS and celebrations throughout the city .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the rest is a bit of a NN game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN models utilize the NNP ( gasoline ) and NNP ( NNP ) codes , with NNP VBG the JJ versions .	1	2	VBP	utilize	utilizes
the church in NNP is from 1886 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP railway ( ) is the JJS railway in finland and goes between NNP and NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this whole discussion is quite confusing , with all the NNS and all , and is really a few french NNS short of a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
british and french attack helicopters build strong partnership .	4	5	VBP	build	builds
the only reason this guy has a longer article than the others is because somebody who knows something about him took the time to write it , not because anybody thinks he deserves special treatment .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
keep a relationship is notable if it receives media coverage , which obviously the relationship between these two countries , clearly has .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN employs a JJ style with broad NNS of JJ NNS and NNS providing colour through a long season , extending through the winter with dry stems and seed heads .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
the phrase is also the motto of the us army 's oldest infantry regiment -- 3rd u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the institute also VBZ specific training for newly elected officials in city and county governments .	1	3	VBZ	conducts	conduct
the content is RB an RB sourced , nor is there any requirement at all to mark a foreign source as translated .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP temple is a JJ construction , with NNS covered with JJ bronze tiles .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in these applications , the speed of the motor is as accurate as the frequency of the NNS power applied to the motor .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS of specific sectors and programs appear on the outer edge and a lower band with specific sizes .	0	6	VBP	appear	appears
islands that border this sea are the lesser NNP islands and NNP ( NNP ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is
in JJ geometry , an JJ variety is the zero set of a JJ , or collection of NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP river valley and NNP hills in the eastern india are NN of the NNP rocks .	7	12	VBP	are	is
the situation seems a bit more complicated .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
this type of active suspension uses linear electromagnetic motors attached to each wheel .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use
common NN thread VBG production rates are 60 to 70 pieces per minute for a long set NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this report is about editor behaviour , not about content .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN NNP ' products and services include VBN mobile hardware , secure wireless networks , software , professional services and support programs .	3	6	VBP	include	includes
one of the biggest is that the motion of a JJ object tends to create a magnetic field .	7	12	VBZ	tends	tend
the concept of the powder of NN plays a significant role in the plot of NNP NNP 's novel the island of the day before .	1	7	VBZ	plays	play
the nave 's north wall has one JJ window VBN by two dating from the 16th century and the blocked norman NN .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
if the temperature in the building is higher than the temperature outside , the heat NNS through the elements of construction .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the institutions who compete in the NNP form the membership of the union .	1	7	VBP	form	forms
RB speaking , a step function is a NN constant function having only RB many pieces .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this branch of the NNP family claims america 's first woman NN , NNP NNP , and five generations of massachusetts NNS and public servants beginning with NNP 's husband , NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	claims	claim
after VBG the code below ( the print statements work ) , but the processes do not quit after i call join on the NNP and there are still alive .	8	9	VBP	work	works
many weekends VBP , NN and NNP rides are available on the restored NN south of NNP NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
article creator appears to be an spa here just to edit things involving the subject of the article .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
in other words , the defendant is in a worse position now than at the time the claim should have been brought .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
however , `` john NNP saved the world four times '' is as well - such a claim needs to be VBN .	17	18	VBZ	needs	need
another example of a JJ device commonly used is the first letter of every word system or NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
but pieces have the freedom of JJ movement .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a limited , JJ version of safe web , known as safe web NNP , is available as a NN .	4	15	VBZ	is	are
these JJ NNS are actually hybrid NNS of a JJ and a word .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the government argues that NN does not meet its criteria for acceptable medical use , and that evidence of NN ' widespread use is more relevant than animal studies in establishing the drug 's abuse potential .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
another story derives the name from the persian word NNP , `` NN , '' because of the abundance of NN in the NNP there .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
in electronics , noise is a random NN in an electrical signal , a characteristic of all electronic circuits .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the name reference is JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN NNS are transferred to a NN where the NN robot performs the necessary steps for the JJ NN .	11	12	VBZ	performs	perform
it has a white JJ spur , and NNS show a white head , and a RB white NN neck with no JJ NN .	8	9	VBP	show	shows
industrial chemical activity in NNP dates to at least 1863 ; the NNP NNP NNP produced primarily NNP acid the site .	2	5	VBZ	dates	date
as NN and NN develop , more and more recent projects involve the application of NN , notably the use of carbon NNS ( NNP ) .	10	11	VBP	involve	involves
every single thing they do has an appropriate little verse .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
the hebrew word for the office is JJ ( ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
but whether the concepts are scientific , JJ , religious , or just NN has no bearing on whether the usage and events inside the building qualify as NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the channel contains a variety of programs in NNP , NNP and english which span from current affairs to general NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
another theory is that the block of settlements VBD the deployment of the legion in the area around NNP , whose attack was one of NNP 's principal objectives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her own favorite of the several books , however , is `` the journey of NNP '' , which included , for the first time in any such text , a chapter on spiritual development .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
when research is funded by the same agency that can be expected to gain from a favorable outcome there is a potential for biased results and research shows that results are indeed more favorable than would be expected from a more objective view of the evidence .	29	30	VBP	are	is
these NNS learn best practices and exchange development strategies in such social causes as poverty , health , human rights , the environment , education , women 's rights , and hunger .	1	2	VBP	learn	learns
it is the highest point of the city walls , and thus its VBG terrace offers a clear view over the grand harbour and the old towns of NNP and NNP , as well as over the shipyard and the JJ parts the capital .	14	15	VBZ	offers	offer
in 2000 , a nature article reported the discovery of both NNP and NNP NNS in one of these JJ organisms , whose cell walls frequently contain NN .	24	26	VBP	contain	contains
the NN NN is also specifically associated with NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cook is the daughter of syndicated NN leslie turner , who drew the comic strip captain easy for decades .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the castle has several hundred cherry trees growing around its grounds and plays host to local visitors during the spring NN season .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the video features footage of the band performing the song in front of a background consisting of NNS of military , astronomy , and female imagery .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the history of NNP spain shows that the question is not a new one and suggests that the solutions reached during the many centuries of NNP NN were intelligent and VBN .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
the montana city site is now NNP park and includes mining equipment and a log cabin NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as these names suggest , the line is largely operated by children , and is a survivor of the many children 's railways that were built in the former eastern bloc countries .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
i suppose i think that languages are very flexible and capable of adaptation .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the NNP yang twins sing the middle verses of the song , and the second of the two verses is entirely VBN .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
the NNP incarnation flies at NN 3 and others such as NNP fly at NN 4 .	3	12	VBP	fly	flies
conventional combines , which use NN NNS , preserve the quality of NN and allow it to be VBN and removed from the field .	1	8	VBP	preserve	preserves
its population is 3 , CD as of the 2001 ukrainian census .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
religion is a book by john NNP which offers a `` progress report '' on his `` search for truth .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
examples of his power include a VBN home run in NNP dome ( first in dome history ) , hitting the light unit above the advertisement board in tokyo dome , as well as hitting the JJ stand in the NNP and osaka NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
students travel to VB from not only the city of NNP , but from neighboring cities as well , with some using the metro train as transportation to and from school .	0	1	VBP	travel	travels
JJ ( NN ) the NNP ( NNP ) family is the general and JJ lord of NNP dynasty the king NNP of NNP period .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this might occur if the NN no longer wishes to purchase the property , or if the NN wishes to purchase the property but is unable to obtain the financing required to do so .	17	18	VBZ	wishes	wish
the power station has two NNS , each generating 60 mw each , giving the station a total capacity of 120 mw .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
as you seem to enjoy your own NN and theories as to why people do what they do , i will leave you to VB on your own .	13	14	VBP	do	does
the lyrics are typically in spanish , with some indigenous or local words mixed in .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the highest point in town is about above sea level , along the town 's northern border , just north of NNP pond .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
these numbers are on the websites of these companies and WP VBZ any such list anywhere , be it forbes or fortune , will take their data from annual statements .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the second interaction , that of host and NN , differs from JJ interactions in that NNS are much smaller , have much faster generation times , and require a host to VB .	10	17	VBP	are	is
note ; the questions are in the pictures and i would like to thank anyone who can solve the questions immediately .	3	4	VBP	are	is
if the characteristic of k is 0 , then l is a restricted lie algebra where the p operation is the identity map .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP -- florida native from NNP , fl ; interests include florida state university and related subjects .	9	10	VBP	include	includes
these articles describe the NNS beyond the core topics about NNP , and the more significant people and events in NNP history .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
survival sex is a form of NN , engaged in by people in extreme need .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the critical point of this principle is that the choice of what to keep is based on personal NN with various opponents over time .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
leaves are simple , alternate , and JJ .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the statistical area includes the cleveland metropolitan statistical area , NNP metropolitan statistical area , and the athens NNP statistical area .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the maximum punishment for a NN is a fine up to 2000 NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
born joshua NNP on 8 november 1988 , NNP VBZ from the NNP minority ethnic group in delta state , nigeria , specifically , his village is NNP in NNP south local government area of the state .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
thus the concept of life course implies JJ social phenomena distinct from uniform NN stages and the life span .	2	6	VBZ	implies	imply
the NN of the `` win '' NN for the world intelligence network is similar to that of NNP , the abbreviated name of the world NNP security patrol that appears in NNP .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
sources given are primary sources or from sources that are not reliable , such as a blog .	0	2	VBP	are	is
this NNP 's eighteen up population is CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN structure gets its name from the general mechanism by which they are stored .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
each show runs 90 minutes plus an NN , featuring the highlights from the television series planet earth in a full high definition screening with live orchestra and NN .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
in cultivation , where temperatures fall below it requires the protection of glass .	4	5	VBP	fall	falls
the NNS even warn roger that dr .	1	3	VBP	warn	warns
launch techniques include NN from a hill , NN from a JJ NN system , VBG ( behind a powered aircraft ) , powered NNS , and being VBN up by a boat .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
his tail is too long for any NN variant .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
those players usually avoid playing first and second JJ positions because of the pitch problems there .	1	3	VBP	avoid	avoids
the JJ JJ feature of NNP is the coastal plain north of NNP , in the JJ regions of NNP , southern NNP and central NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
so , for example , when a theory defines the concept of a relation , then a NN is simply the characteristic function or the NN function of a relation .	7	8	VBZ	defines	define
NN NNS for the NNP NNS are available ; however , it may be more cost effective simply to replace the entire panel with a more modern and JJR design from another manufacturer , depending on the number of NNS to be replaced .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the shells of this species usually have a NN surface , as a consequence of numerous JJ extensions of the surface covering of the shell , the NN .	1	6	VBP	have	has
the estimated population is 6 , CD and the area is 48 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBP an article this long is going to probably need far more inline citations than it currently has , some sections only have one or two citations , and things like memory management seem to have no references at all .	20	22	VBP	have	has
the NN effect appears if the subsequent wave NNS arrive between 2 ms and about 50 ms later than the first wave front .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the NNS are also too small in area to lower steam pressure significantly , VBG the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some such names include hydrogen RB , as well as an NN name of hydrogen NN , and several acid names such as JJ acid , JJ acid , JJ acid , and JJ acid .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the club is a member of the football association of bosnia and herzegovina and has been active in the premier league of bosnia and herzegovina since it was founded .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
artists as interesting and diverse as marc NNP , whose painting i and the village , ( above ) tells an JJ story that VBZ the relationship between the artist and his origins , with a NN of artistic NNP .	10	19	VBZ	tells	tell
these editors all have a serious JJ agenda and NN should not be editing in the area .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the alleged conspiracy is what we are trying to find out here , not to say that it is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS are available for use at black NNP state park .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the class derives its name from us army general frederick NNP , a veteran of the JJ war and medal of honor recipient .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
with the success of these NNS , the new zealand department of conservation plans to continue to introduce the cook strait giant NN to new island habitats , while ensuring that its existing island habitats remain protected against the threat of NN invasion .	34	35	VBP	remain	remains
some sources place this in what was then york , but is now adams county , pennsylvania .	1	2	VBP	place	places
what a sad day it is to find the wikipedia is controlled by those who have no qualifications to determine what articles are or are not posted to it .	21	22	VBP	are	is
she is more JJ about its claim to serious science as the book `` fails to VB its readers '' about the challenge of understanding plant form in terms of developmental biology .	12	14	VBZ	fails	fail
i am not sure what the idea is for use in the article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP points indicate the presence of inhabitants more than 10 , 000 years ago .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
wp article without in fact being notable , given that lack of notability is a JJ deletion criterion .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
these NNS often contain JJ code , using NN characters where differences lie .	11	12	VBP	lie	lie
each board and NNP contains inventory information ( NNP data ) that can be retrieved by the NNP manager .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
despite the use of NN , archive files are not compatible with NN , the basis of the NN tools .	7	8	VBP	are	is
this approach VBZ that people have faith because beliefs make sense , as they hold value and are JJ to them .	1	2	VBZ	asserts	assert
as luke NNS , NNP tells NNP , `` that boy is our last hope , '' to which NNP VBZ , `` no , there is another .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the ref picked up by NNP above discusses a JJ NN designed by `` roy NNP '' in 1967 - the chances of any of this happening in czechoslovakia seem minimal , it 's likely another vehicle of the same name .	21	29	VBP	seem	seems
day as a pioneering musician with genuine influence ( although RB within a very specific NN ) , which is enough to convince me that this article meets our standards .	26	27	VBZ	meets	meet
another group proposed to be a close relative is the NNP , usually included in the NNP WRB the NNP are .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
military threat chips come from the number of bases one has .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
will smith the NN from NNP , usa may be well liked and have fans for his work , but he does not have an entry ; will smith the actor does .	30	31	VBZ	does	do
the head of the committee is always the serving grand NNP of saudi arabia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the land rises into rolling hills to the west .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
NNP but the left side of the picture VBZ this for me - the purple bit , but mainly the sudden drop in the perspective - the pier is almost 45 degrees off straight .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the idea here is to get the enemy to focus his forces in a location , and then attack elsewhere which would be RB defended .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a search of google scholar and google books indicates several references to this organization , including at least one book ( NNP , margaret a short history of the student christian movement in canada ) .	1	8	VBZ	indicates	indicate
william NNP is the pen name of william van NNP ( born 8 september 1935 ) , a belgian comics artist widely known throughout a long career for his distinctive style and work in JJ comics .	19	20	VBP	artist	artists
the first list includes all players who played in at least one match for dc and is initially listed RB by their last name .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
IN tracking provides much of the data required to make many of the strategic decisions a player makes in the course of a game , and it has a key role in other strategic elements , including NN and board management .	16	17	VBZ	makes	make
they are deployed where water is too deep for bottom mines .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
historical details about NN are JJ .	1	4	VBP	are	is
as of 2007 , the town has an estimated population of 6 , CD and a density of 55 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the full name of the treaty is agreement on NNP of the maritime boundaries between the republic of colombia and the republic of haiti .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the book starts with the praise of god and NN of his unity .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
boys have more freedom and will play outside or spend time with the men .	0	1	VBP	have	has
but the new film - or films - is several NNS NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the brazil NN tree ( NNP NN ) is present in the south , but is likely not native this far west in NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
although , landscape mode only supports viewing of videos and photos , it can also run on other applications like games that is viewed via landscape mode .	3	5	VBZ	supports	support
the NNS and heights of the province are the continuation of the central mountain ranges of iran .	1	7	VBP	are	is
if a user wishes that to be deleted it is a priority .	2	3	VBZ	wishes	wish
however , the NN is likely not viable for the next season and probably will not be used for human consumption .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a floating tone is a NN an example occurs in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oppose this article is pretty long , it feels like the editors have been trying to VB every available information ( e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this strategy also involves little influence from mood , as the individual in question will have a fairly clear idea of what information he or she needs ( although it is higher on the NN than direct access processing ) .	1	3	VBZ	involves	involve
in the NN , after the principal suggests a school VBG program , he sees his wife talking with chip johnson ( timothy NNP ) , the local , JJ NN .	6	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest
in particular , the NNP mean of a set of JJ random points xi is the NN m of the JJ sum of JJ distances from an arbitrary point to each point of positive probability ( weight ) , assuming this NN is unique .	5	42	VBZ	is	are
when the piano enters with the first theme , the JJ material is repeated with variations , NN NNS , and modified NNS .	2	3	VBZ	enters	enter
but it 's about whether the book itself really connects with the public , and the cover is only a small part of that .	6	9	VBZ	connects	connect
females are larger than males and northern populations are notably larger than southern races .	0	1	VBP	are	is
second , my experience here tells me that i am going to have to wait a month or so to get results at fl NNS .	3	5	VBZ	tells	tell
common fish species include NN , JJ bass , JJ and NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
JJ quarter station is a railway station and tram stop , situated in the NNP quarter of birmingham , england .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
listed among the top three office parks in washington state for 2005 by washington ceo magazine [ 1 ] , the park offers office space with high-speed , redundant telecommunications links and dedicated utility infrastructure .	21	22	VBZ	offers	offer
support original - edit 1 is just JJ .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
every other source uses RB as a negative term for book burning , assuming they even use the word NN ( aside from NNP , every other source for this article refers to book burning ) .	27	31	VBZ	refers	refer
this appears to be because american high school geometry courses assume students are already at least at level 2 , ready to move into level 3 , whereas many high school students are still at level 1 , or even level 0 .	11	12	VBP	are	is
there is no need ( or intention ) for the average viewer to see the date , VBP the date , or discuss the date with friends and family after the show is over .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
the structure consists of two roughly parallel massive earth bank and NN NNS over a mile long lie IN an old NN to VB NNP ( NNP fort , near NNP - the ancient capital of ulster ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
similar to his sculptures from the early NNS , specifically his NNP pieces , the entire sculpture looks like it could have been painted with a few quick NNS of paint .	16	17	VBZ	looks	look
NNS experts confirm some of the victims could have been totally consumed by the blast .	1	2	VBP	confirm	confirms
NNS sometimes grant patent rights to the user in the license agreement .	0	2	VBP	grant	grants
an ambassador from england arrives to RB report `` NNP and NNP are dead '' ( hamlet .	1	4	VBZ	arrives	arrive
significantly , the ceremony involves the two opposing NNS ( even a NN ) who `` face off '' RB since tradition VBZ that the home player always `` wins '' and presents the NN to the guest of honor .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
the two main characters take different paths , the narrator to study in florence , and NNP to attempt to join the NNP , a native tribe .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
the editor is now repeatedly VBG material that fails reference verification .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the museum identifies it as the `` most significant '' sculpture of ancient sri lanka that it possesses , and it is displayed directly in front of the main entrance to the building .	1	2	VBZ	identifies	identify
e ( 0 ) , it can be shown that the reduced dynamics are completely positive .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the image is of a lower resolution than the original promotional image .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's film work includes the screenplay for NNP ( 2000 , aka NNP ) , starring ray NNP .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
NNS play an important role in NN sports .	0	1	VBP	play	plays
should only be used if enough information is available .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
i would ask those defending the article to address whether the various NNS of the term are indeed consistent .	12	16	VBP	are	is
national committees are financially independent of the central body and are free to establish the level of their own membership NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the community has a substantial say .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
general local effects include pain , NN , severe NN , NN , NN , and NN ; JJ effects are variable and not specific , but may include NN , NN , VBG , JJ pain , NN , NN , and NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the second open portion ( , NN ) , contains all of the fourth and fifth NNS ( , RB ) and part of the sixth reading ( , RB ) .	3	9	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP district ( ) is one of 22 districts in the state of punjab in north india .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
thus man reaches out beyond the NNS of his own planet , in an enterprise in which the united states of america and its JJ NNS have opened a new dimension to human experience .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
some sports articles belong in wikipedia , but they should follow the same notability guidelines .	2	3	VBP	belong	belongs
mark NNP united states mark NNP is on many famous NN lists , however these lists fail to provide evidence to VB the claim .	15	16	VBP	fail	fails
NNP dance theatre encompasses a range of artistic NNS including `` older and NNP '' - a performance series that features new work by senior dance artists and `` poetry in space '' - the company 's professional development workshops .	2	3	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
NNP 's NN , that pleasure is the good , VBD JJ opposition , and was said to be a pig 's philosophy .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the hamlet is east of the warren county line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem was that those articles are some of the only JJ examples present on wikipedia after which i could shape the article .	5	6	VBP	are	is
delaware chief bull 's old town , son of NNP , of NNP lake wildlife management area in NNP county , dates from CD through CD .	5	21	VBZ	dates	date
i would hope that people try to judge stuff on their merit , not based on friendship .	4	5	VBP	try	tries
linux world supports various cluster software ; for application NN , there is NNP , NN , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
images of living celebrities taken from their performances are fair use violations .	0	8	VBP	are	is
the film is a JJ journey of JJ and JJ teenager , NNP ( NNP ) , who lives with her father NNP ( danny ) , an JJ NN and younger brother NNP ( NNP ) in a remote village in the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the agent loses points if it falls in a pit , takes a turn , or fires an arrow .	1	2	VBZ	loses	lose
the page appears to contain NNS which may have opportunity to attract original research , VBG itself away from being sourced .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the NNP mine is a large open pit mine located in the western part of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at NN or summer festival NNS , the game is not a competition .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP noise is the earliest form of NN noise , which has become very popular in computer graphics .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game features a saved game instead of NNS , so players can simply pick up where they left off .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
if i am a severe critic of NNP 's music , the fault is his own ; the NN which he VBD in me at NNP was great ; i expect great things of him , and i am sure he will give me them .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
other fields include the study of their interactions with surfaces and possible applications to VB .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
my feeling now is that we should make a flexible organisation with a minimum of commitment required from members , until some definite directions start to form .	23	24	VBP	start	starts
in general , the more an observer believes he exhibits a NN , the more likely the observer is to notice that same NN in other people .	6	7	VBZ	believes	believe
NNP 's southern shore is notable for a series of NNS and rivers VBD very closely together , all of which travel some distance into the town .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
most portable NNS are equipped with a NN collection NN , typically with a NN sensor that VBZ when the collection vessel is full , to shut off the NN and prevent an NN of collected water .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
a virtual machine is no more secure than a real machine is ; it 's how you use it that matters .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the north NNP radio representation is NNP of mt .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP rivers , which have changed course since the 1960s , when the boundary was VBN ; JJ conflicts among NNP , NNP , other ethnic groups , associated political rebels , armed NNS , and various government forces VBP in the great lakes region .	1	39	VBP	persist	persists
thanks for your consideration and i hope that i can continue to make positive contributions to wikipedia based on relevant facts and not having to continually argue with NNP and his false claims .	0	26	VBP	argue	argues
in her audition , dawn stated that she believes that `` the NNS of life '' are `` JJ '' and that we are all `` born into NN '' .	12	16	VBP	are	is
possibly internal strain energy within the NN VBZ up it reaches a critical point , when is released by a period of mountain building , then it starts to build up again and VBZ the cycle - a type of NN theory model , or JJ phenomenon .	3	7	VBZ	builds	build
in the summer the goal posts go down and a cricket square appears in the middle .	5	6	VBP	go	goes
transform boundaries occur when two plates VBP past each other with only limited NN or NN activity .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the problem is the editor has somehow managed to avoid being blocked , and hardly even warned by anyone in a capacity to back up those warnings .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school no longer uses JJ JJ punishment .	1	4	VBZ	uses	use
include the NNP river , NNP river and NNP river , this last river includes some NNS the largest being the NNP falls , near NNP .	13	14	VBZ	includes	include
so it seems that the story is not completely clear , but that the NN of NN in the usa is likely to be quite low .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
afghanistan until president NNP NNP 's government demonstrates that it is willing to tackle the corruption and NN that has VBN the taliban 's rise .	6	7	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
a lot of NN is needed , and the JJ sections need significant expansion .	10	11	VBP	need	needs
nobody disputes that experiments are necessary for determining validity between theories , but experiments are not the only source of inspiration for theories , and indeed many theories are in fact the source of inspiration for experiments .	1	4	VBP	are	is
recent research suggests a potential role for NNP ( possibly variant a ) in the development or NN of NNP 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
JJ director NNP NNP 's acclaimed drama three times ( 2005 ) is silent during its middle third , complete with NNS ; stanley NNP 's the NNP has an opening silent sequence in the style of early silent NNS .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
the song then consists of five variations on this theme .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
books on the subject are predominantly JJ , and tend towards the forms of training NNS and historical accounts of athletics .	0	4	VBP	are	is
sources - here are some sources for the article ( essentially the same story in all -- 4 VBD chicken -- with some differences ) .	0	3	VBP	are	is
NNP JJ protein 44 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the concept for the series VBZ from the australian football world tour , which took place in 1967 .	1	5	VBZ	originates	originate
JJ sources of proteins include NNS , NNS , seeds and fruits .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
NN in case of afd has to be seen as a delete or keep agreement between the editors participating in the afd discussion and not as a JJ for representing a similar opinion .	0	5	VBZ	has	have
the highest point in europe other than russia ( which is mostly in asia ) is NNP NNP on the border of france and italy , in the alps .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
honor crimes are acts of violence committed by family members against women who are perceived to have VBN the family in some way .	1	2	VBP	are	is
main ) area is a jewish name .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , since the only other sources that can be found for this concept are JJ websites and blogs , it appears that the idea has not yet caught on in the business world .	6	14	VBP	are	is
comment it seems the article was VBN at some point to make the dates VBP .	0	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the city has 4 NNS ( markets ) NNP , NNP , NNP and NN on 5th NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP ranking sunday night is CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these JJ agents stop fungi from producing NN , an essential component of JJ cell NNS .	2	3	VBP	stop	stops
an important characteristic of the dense plasma focus is that the energy density of the focused plasma is practically a constant over the whole range of machines , from JJ machines to VB machines , when these machines are VBN for JJ operation .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
the most popular monsters appear in trading cards and video games , primarily in the super robot wars series .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears
the flag of san NNP is the `` NNP '' , which looks like military NN , with a narrow vertical white NN on the left side .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
finnish forest companies are significant players in the global forest industry policy .	2	3	VBP	are	is
adult NNP NN rats have small NN , RB large JJ feet , and long tail .	3	4	VBP	have	has
NNP 's sister is actress patricia NNP who played the character dallas in the film sin city , which NNP directed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
whilst the future of NNS in the uk is not VBN , domestic machine users VBG NNS in the home , users of large NN , and tourists are all potential customers , thereby making the provision valuable to the community .	14	28	VBP	are	is
as NNP 's wedding approaches , the three sister wives help NNP prepare , and they begin to bond .	9	10	VBP	help	helps
two historic roman catholic NNS survive , the convent and academy of the NNP and the convent of mercy .	4	5	VBP	survive	survives
the actual number of popular votes received by kennedy is therefore difficult to VB .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the master 's program VBZ students for an administrative or research career in the criminal justice system and other related areas .	3	4	VBZ	prepares	prepare
my contributions and the afds are all public .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in the middle of the video , NNP walks through the park and the photographer VBZ behind a tree while he takes more pictures of her .	14	15	VBZ	hides	hide
the design incorporates a mixture of gothic and norman influences .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the goal is to keep the simulation as close as possible to JJ aviation procedures , including realistic JJ standards and radio NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the newer version is the last edit by NNP before NNP or NNP started VBG .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the organization produces two quarterly journals , behavior therapy ( JJ ) and cognitive and behavioral practice ( treatment focused ) , as well as its house JJ , the behavior NNP ( eight times per year ) .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
part of the NN of NNP spin is that one can not think of a NNP particle as a body with finite radius .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
when a dispute occurs around a word , i expect you to rely on references rather than on popular NN .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNP memory is an electronic data storage device , often used as computer memory , implemented on integrated circuit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song `` NNP NNP '' is a poem written by NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this lecture in particular generated national media attention as rumors spread about NNP planning to run for the 2012 presidential election .	9	10	VBP	spread	spreads
NNP , originated as a character who `` walks a fine line between following his dreams and VBG what other people expect of him .	20	21	VBP	expect	expects
the final room , the hotel de milan room , contains the furniture from room CD of the hotel de milan which is located close to la NNP and where NNP died on 27 january 1901 .	2	10	VBZ	contains	contain
this depth of arc NN generation is the consequence of the interaction between NNS , released from the VBG NN , and the arc NN NN that is hot enough to generate JJ NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
first aid treatment for a suspected JJ spider NN consists of immediately applying a pressure NN NN ; a technique which consists of VBG the NN NN with a NN NN , as well as applying a NN to limit movement of the NN .	2	9	VBZ	consists	consist
such evidence argues that the atmospheric NN signal is not strongly affected by the presence of the JJ zone .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( iv ) NN ( NNP ) is a JJ solid that has a JJ crystal structure with a NN parameter , the distance between unit cells in the crystal , of CD .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
fossil insects are common at other places in virginia and north carolina as well .	1	2	VBP	are	is
that body of text is online at many websites , including NNP and many others .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the subject is actually the pond itself ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their forces include fighters and NNS - and the occasional `` NN '' !	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this NN contains four bonus tracks , including `` soft NNS '' and `` spiral highway '' ( an early version of `` how the heart approaches what it VBZ '' ) both of which were featured in the film but were missing from the original album release .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in general NN , the division offers composition , computer operations , english conversation , chinese writing , and physical education to prepare for a global society .	5	6	VBZ	offers	offer
as VBN above , the similarity in title suggests that NNP may have modeled his NNP on a collection of NNP 's poetry , however the loss of that work makes NNS difficult .	5	8	VBZ	suggests	suggest
especially the sentence `` restoration of the NNP '' is highly controversial and unacceptable .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the temple serves more as an attraction than a religious site .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
other works include NNP for NNP , and providing JJ comic strips for the NNP and street fighter comics for NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a women 's group plays arabic music , sometimes islamic music , while everyone dances .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
the nearest JJ freeway is the pennsylvania NNP at somerset , to the north .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this marker makes that clear to anyone who might be confused .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
fair use in come give your love to NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the preceding link is a government website and therefore NNS reliable sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the park is on the site of NNP naval base during world war ii and NNP air force base during the korean war .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the park is also rich in archaeological , historical and cultural significance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS range from 20 , CD ' on alaska 's NNP to 350 ' on florida 's NNP hill .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
NNP 's equation has connections to several other important subjects in mathematics .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
now he remains in that hot NN pit while his real body remains unconscious and is being VBN by his NN in iron heights .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
the sculpture of this temple is extremely attractive .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this category is for baseball players who played at NNP college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though contents vary , the NNS generally include an NN of NNP NNS , chips , hard NNS , NNS , NNS or NNS .	5	7	VBP	include	includes
the JJ sierra leone NNP people ( NNP ) are their descendants .	5	9	VBP	are	is
the remaining land not underwater is part of a bird sanctuary .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the day after a talk with the NNS , NNP is in a NN of guilt .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
new york state line and follows NNP west into new jersey .	3	5	VBZ	follows	follow
the other kind of JJ rocket is one that uses one NN but two NNS , switching between the two in NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
he died at his home in 1915 ; his publications include a lifelong journal , a history of the JJ war , and a verse translation of NNP 's NNP .	9	10	VBP	include	includes
i realize there may be some growing NNS , i think the potential for good things is there .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN represents the moral NN of the character and the notion that as a character takes more and more RB questionable actions she or he will eventually stop feeling bad about it .	16	17	VBZ	takes	take
my vote depends on references and citations , so i need to know if the potential revert would result in a better referenced article .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
reviewing the opening comments and what was said before them , i ca n't help but to notice the clear NN of editors trying to prove whether the tea party movement is really NNS .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
on its front feet , the second NN is smaller than the rest ; the big NN on its JJ foot VBZ the other NNS , which VBZ its NN power .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the fact that irc can be both useful and harmful is JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
transportation engineers ian NNP , david NNP , and randy NNP , by studying the interactions of drivers and NNS on texas roads , have discovered that having painted bike lanes on streets and roads helps both NNS stay in JJR , more central positions in their respective lanes .	37	38	VBP	stay	stays
this sense of NN is crucial to many NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the water from the lake flows down from the mountains ; especially from the NNP and NNP NNS .	1	5	VBZ	flows	flow
the standard basis for license is the completion of a national council for accreditation of teacher education ( NNP ) approved education program at an accredited college or university ( see north carolina NNP accredited programs below ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
stations are mainly local commercial stations with a limited broadcast range with only a few stations having national coverage .	0	1	VBP	are	is
i request civility and calm in the meantime while this discussion continues .	10	11	VBZ	continues	continue
each NN has an extensive NN domain , which contain NNS that can be directly modified by a series of protein NNS and protein NNS , as well as NNS that interact with a large number of structural , NN , and VBG proteins .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , the NN of these NNS occurs `` in a JJ pattern '' in healthy NN NNS , and NNS have vision comparable to JJ NNS by 36 to 40 weeks after conception .	3	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
the NN section is now completely moved to other sections .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the principle of NNP support NN is to make these same requirements documents directly VBP as a collection of tests .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this building is an icon to the miami NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
magazine and her twin sister is robin NNP , who is a culture reporter for the new york times .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the risk of VBG into cancer is high .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
so my goal for this article is ga status .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
like in the two other games in the series , the first outfit allows mickey and donald to VB certain enemies and blocks and VB them .	12	13	VBZ	allows	allow
large NNS and adults have a row of large , sharp NNS running along the NN of the back from behind the eyes to the tail NN , and NNS of various sizes are also scattered about the dorsal surface of the disc .	1	4	VBP	have	has
archaeological evidence suggests that the earliest people were related to the NNS of the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the district is thus suitable for JJ farming and crop production .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this province has many plantation crops , such as tea , VBZ , NN , rubber , NN , tobacco , coffee , sugar , palm and NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these mountains consist of older VBD complex NNS , which were made by repeated volcanic NNS over many thousands years .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
NNP 's JJ service , radio nigeria , has 25 stations located throughout the country , and together with voice of nigeria , considers itself to have the largest radio network in africa .	3	8	VBZ	has	have
it is currently similar to VBG VBG to hunt 's NNP pack ; although the name is n't the same in this instance .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's water is not only rich in NN , but the `` decay '' of its minerals results in NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
all these mentions in the lead paragraph are to a horse who never raced in new zealand , but had 50 race starts in australia and won 36 , most of them major races on the australian NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is
this category includes articles related to the culture and history of german americans in virginia .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
a leading designer of the gothic revival movement , his works include the vision of NNP ( 1864 ) , commissioned for an exhibition of JJ glass held at the south NNP museum ( renamed the victoria and albert museum in 1899 ) .	10	11	VBP	include	includes
the situation is JJ to a king , who has both a prime minister and many generals managing various aspects of his kingdom .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in any case , the main article is a featured list , meaning that JJ changes would probably be a bad idea , and there would be a lot of people who wanted to discuss the matter .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
such cameras come VBN with JJ NNS that cut off JJ light .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
online video news she also VBD and VBD the first ever online video awards show , the NNS .	13	14	VBP	show	shows
NNS that do not involve death in one way or another are NN ; examples that spring JJS to mind include apollo 13 .	14	20	VBP	include	includes
however , the details included are not thorough enough to be used as a resume .	3	5	VBP	are	is
the university covers an area of 2 , CD , 000 square meters .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
this photograph , taken while standing in the inner gate , shows a view of the courtyard between inner and outer gate and the wooden NN built on top of the outer gate .	1	11	VBZ	shows	show
the season 4 list also needs a lot of work before even VBG with a pr .	3	5	VBZ	needs	need
the NN age at diagnosis for all NN is 55 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
i know this guy is pretty obscure , but the holes in his biography are definitely JJ .	10	14	VBP	are	is
the hall has seven divided window NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ forces take control of the port town of NNP 's NNP .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
yet , the name VBZ because of the history of the subject .	3	4	VBZ	persists	persist
however , whether lack of JJ NN is a reliable NN of the disorder is questionable .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the station 's official format is classic rock , not rock , album oriented rock and not active rock .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the current generation of the g features standard dual front NNS , front and rear side NN NNS , and front side NN NNS .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
hi - unfortunately , this subject is non-notable .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the heroes of the story are glenn NNP and his friend NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
at the end of the turn each coin that is completely within a VBN ' ( between two horizontal lines and within the VBG vertical lines ) scores a point for that player in that bed .	7	27	VBZ	scores	score
my experience is that the ability of the body to process that much water develops over time .	13	14	VBZ	develops	develop
my comments are more philosophical in nature .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the links on this page go directly to sites where JJ amounts of this stuff are available .	11	15	VBP	are	is
NNP 's recording career now spans over thirty years .	3	5	VBZ	spans	span
opinions vary greatly on whether the early NNS were first written down and then read from manuscripts ( although NN was quite JJ NNP de roland , 14 .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
the first edition was released in 1998 ; the current third edition is dated 2008 .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
being in close proximity to vancouver and surrounded by the rest of the lower mainland , NNP residents have access to virtually unlimited choice in cultural and leisure activities .	17	18	VBP	have	has
during birth , the female holds her NN legs close to her body , as when moving through grass , giving single NNS about every 30 minutes during which she moves around .	4	5	VBZ	holds	hold
the sky in particular looks great .	1	4	VBZ	looks	look
the old town of bad NNP is home to a number of historic NNS and NNS dating back to the 16th century .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a special move during most gameplay modes is the `` finish move '' , can be said the JJS move .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the total length of the dam is which includes the long main dam with an NN core .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a native of NNP , california , more resides in nearby NNP beach .	1	8	VBZ	resides	reside
between 1865 , the property company appears to have achieved steady growth and was expanded in the NNS and 1880s .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
he 's a historically significant person in canada and the image helps readers see that the JJ `` mad dog '' looks like the average man .	10	11	VBZ	helps	help
the penalty here is that the NN is awarded first base , any runner attempting to steal is awarded that base , and all other runners advance only if forced .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
university has never held an fcc broadcast license , and the opportunity to do so in one of the most JJ and expensive radio markets in the united states VBZ considerable challenges .	11	29	VBZ	poses	pose
attempting to VB his romantic life after a decade in federal NN , charlie finds that his criminal history is a hard fact for women to accept when he strikes out with his NN , beth .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the school has great emphasis on association football , consistently placing amongst the top teams in the state and in recent years VBG state sporting events .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in particular , this would happen if resource efficiency enables an expansion of production in the economy , and an increase in the rate of economic growth .	8	9	VBZ	enables	enable
i would just note that its pdf support is slow and a pain in the neck .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
these dialects also have a number of NNS that differ from standard swedish .	1	3	VBP	have	has
power metal bands usually have JJ songs with JJ subject matter and strong NNS , thus creating a theatrical , dramatic and RB `` powerful '' sound .	2	4	VBP	have	has
the book also explains the destruction of the NNP civilization .	1	3	VBZ	explains	explain
nominations for the hall of fame are open to the public .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the sample VBZ from grand NNP 's verse on the song `` dedication '' by brand NNP .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
the assertion that what i wrote is `` the personal opinion of NNP NNP society '' is NN and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
as at 26 april 2013 membership stands at CD , making it the largest community group on st .	5	6	VBZ	stands	stand
i imagine that in some of our less JJ societies those NNS are still in JJ use .	11	12	VBP	are	is
in the south NN , the JJ shaft of another high cross dating from the late 12th century survives , while the choir NNS are italian baroque and date from about CD .	23	24	VBP	are	is
old spanish documents sometimes refer to the NNP river as the rio NNP and in other instances as the rio de NNP , while a map from CD shows it as the rio NNP .	25	28	VBZ	shows	show
the novel is not nearly as well known as the alice books .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
research by speech NNS and some vocal NNS has revealed that the vocal NNS are capable of producing at least four distinct NN forms , although not all persons can produce all of them .	13	14	VBP	are	is
JJ rats are named because the NNS on the back are more JJ in NN than the NNS on the rest of the body .	6	10	VBP	are	is
the municipality has an area of in the JJ part of the state .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the primary branches of NNP proper and to some extent central NNP are not RB JJ .	2	12	VBP	are	is
the most intact section is the southwest half , while in the northeast the rim VBZ beneath the mare , leaving only a slight rise in the surface .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP NN ( NN ) is another possible cause , and in which other association conditions such as NN , NN , NN and NN can occur .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
an alternative construction fits the outer races inside a metal tube , while the inner races are mounted on a shaft with a JJ section ( e .	2	3	VBZ	fits	fit
most google hits seem to be about the aftermath of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake , especially in india , sri lanka and thailand .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
it is also not unusual for the rugby teams to sing this song after a rugby match victory , especially if the win is over a rival school .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the one thing that all the stories have in common is the repeated use of water imagery .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
she is one of six known children of NNP and NNP ; her siblings are NNP NNP ii , prince NNP and VBZ NNP , NNP and the second NNP .	13	14	VBP	are	is
my guess is that less than one percent of the books that get published every year get a wikipedia article , simply because thousands of titles are released annually .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
press releases are not acceptable references .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the page in general is in need of more references .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
blood NNS ' red NN , NN , is an NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
a NN complex is a family of sets of NNS of a graph g that VBP complete NNS of g .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article is an NN from an attempt at advertising .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this NN is a NN of the JJS case of the two NNS problem , and the explanation of `` what goes wrong '' is essentially the same .	17	21	VBZ	goes	go
its massive NN mayor is massive and complex NN is seen at the back .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the largest town of NNP is NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the world famous mathematician and philosopher NNP is from NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
VBG chest wound , a potential medical emergency WRB air or gas is present in the JJ NN .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
an JJ form is also a default form .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the river flows into NNP dam and NN on to the NNP river , a tributary of the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
the final team on the entry list comprises the names of 31 athletes .	2	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise
currently , the film holds the record for the NN film to be released in january .	3	4	VBZ	holds	hold
however when included with the dealer hand if all six cards are the same color then the NN is increased to 4 to 1 .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the months and the seasons constitute the wooden NN .	1	5	VBP	constitute	constitutes
so , when the government VBZ a tax on gas , producers prefer to pass the tax on to consumers via higher prices rather than to pay the tax via reduced profits .	11	12	VBP	prefer	prefers
the NNP doctoral programme is for candidates who hold a secondary university degree .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's first library , an odd NNP library , dates to 1858 , which was opened to the public within a decade , and by 1878 , its ownership was transferred to the city as part of the rogers free library act .	3	10	VBZ	dates	date
the aim of the club is to offer children and young people in the vicinity an opportunity to meet and play sports together .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the miracle is not about VBG our NN in time , but in a JJ opening of the freedom 's space within a moment and in VBG this space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
prior experience also includes work at the NNP theatre in new york and NNP in springfield , massachusetts .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
top NNP cites are CD , CD , 80 , 40 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
merely VBG , or even VBG phrase by phrase , the content is not sufficient .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP ladies NNP football team is well known in the NNP world .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
by the way , new york times articles are typically secondary sources .	7	8	VBP	are	is
at last NNP feels that enough evidence exists to declare the plan a complete disaster .	6	7	VBZ	exists	exist
nevertheless , the mainstream view of medical experts is that drinking three NN ( CD NN ) cups of coffee per day ( considered average or moderate consumption ) does not have significant health risks for adults ( NNS 2007 ) .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
his work is RB well cited .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the last painting is often of elvis in a NN NN performing a particularly JJ activity ( e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the journal features articles , notes , book reviews , and recent legal developments in hong kong as well as mainland china .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the lost generation is a JJ comic book limited series published by marvel comics in 2000 and 2001 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comment schools are not likely to be named after some NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the games are travel NNS where the player travels the world and answers questions .	7	8	VBZ	travels	travel
a google search for `` NNP NN '' shows that there is nothing about this NNP .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show
and , my point is that applies also to NNP davis as much as NNP NNP ( nicole simpson , etc .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
carlo the ( NN object is the key object to their job in that episode ) is your friend , do not be afraid of the ( the previously named object ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
units are VBN on each other ; units may be VBN ; all units have direct access from the outside .	13	14	VBP	have	has
NNP communication is communication in which the storyline will invite the receiver to NN from one medium to the next .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
endorse closure but it seems like what is being challenged here is the full protection of the article to enforce the redirect .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
overall , the album has a tight NN sound that shows heavy influence from both can and NNP !	3	4	VBZ	has	have
JJ and JJ people normally play the piano in the same way .	3	5	VBP	play	plays
the legend of dick NNP VBZ an enormous amount to NNP ( 1834 ) , in which a heavily VBN NNP is one of the main characters .	1	5	VBZ	owes	owe
code page CD ( also known as NNP CD , ibm CD , NNP CD ) is a code page used under NNP to write arabic .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP was born in NNP , in the NNP region of france , between CD and CD , though the exact date is unknown .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
withdrawal of the VBN cooking oil is the most important initial step .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
every team plays five matches against each other .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
in addition , a secure JJ product makes possible population growth , i .	6	7	VBZ	makes	make
here translated by the english poet john NNP , NNP 's words define a JJ high ground ' where differences between rich and poor can be VBN or maybe just ignored .	11	12	VBP	define	defines
their debut album is self-titled `` st NNP '' and was released in 2009 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most NN sugar comes from countries with warm NNS , because NN does not VB frost .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
edit 1 withdrawn - edit 2 is better .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
in his JJ mind he VBD a world where his enemy 's power is not only stolen , but used to make him a living god over all creation .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's NN basic example of a linear sequence transformation , offering improved NN , is NNP 's transform .	4	15	VBZ	is	are
the game comes with an `` NNP NN '' , the titular diary of faces , which the player uses in conjunction with the game .	18	19	VBZ	uses	use
the island occupies an area of .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the market NNS are actually boats floating in the canal .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the site says that the song premiered on a russian morning radio show POS ' on NNP plus radio and that until march 17 NNP plus had exclusive rights to play the song .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
its wood grain consists of a very fine , straight and even VBD wood .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the other is also a reliable and independent source but the coverage is n't significant , in my opinion , as the article is about a college event .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
it probably started rotating around itself when it was first being formed , and as the laws of mechanics say , an object in motion tends to stay in motion .	22	25	VBZ	tends	tend
the heroes of one side are as welcome as those of the other so far as inclusion and treatment in the encyclopedia is concerned ; this NN is RB rejected , just as wikipedia VBZ any pressure to take a stance on any political issue .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the school VBZ grades nine through twelve and is a part of the houston independent school district .	1	2	VBZ	handles	handle
the trip to helsinki takes about half an hour , whether by rail or road , and to the airport of NNP about 20 minutes .	1	4	VBZ	takes	take
examples are the miners ' parade , the st .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this guy appears RB , but VBZ the same kind of articles , including NNP , NNP tv , etc .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
arkansas has 12 JJ projects underway , and the CD , CD acres covered are in the best condition than they have ever been .	12	14	VBP	are	is
the flower NNS appear from the NNS near the base of each leaf .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
people in this category are members of the 39 NNS task force .	0	4	VBP	are	is
as a project JJ i 'm not so JJ to judge what NNS think , but i 'd definitely describe the project as being in good health .	12	13	VBP	think	thinks
NNP NNP missile , the NNP 3 has a range of JJ and can support various NNS for a wide range of targets .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
the edit is fine , and i make edits like that all the time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ criticism is a branch of the studies of ancient texts and manuscripts ( NN ) and of books and publishing ( NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the museum has NNP pacific 's NN NNP NN suspended from the ceiling .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his father , charles leslie NNP , is originally from NNP with roots in uganda and NNP and his mother NNP NNP was born in the democratic republic of the congo .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
for example , a world war i liberty bond poster by fernando NNP depicts a german soldier VBG an american soldier , his arms VBP , to the trunk of a tree .	9	13	VBZ	depicts	depict
the seal is probably from the 13th century , but its earliest preserved form is on a document from CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one NN to this basic idea is that function NNS may reference VBG variables .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
recent innovations include a weekly NN ( VBG with tim and joe ) , a collection of highlights from their weekly radio programme .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
oppose the scientific method is how scientists VBP NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the former is not at all private , but the identity is hard to link to you .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
powers include a NN horn and a JJ missile NN on each front hip .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
it is JJ and counter to our culture of a community run project , VBG to a JJ , administrator run project , where the ordinary editors are JJ .	26	27	VBP	are	is
other examples of reid 's industrial designs include the NNP building ( circa 1920 ) in atlanta 's JJ district and the scottish NNP NNP hospital for VBN children ( circa 1918 - now known as the NNP at historic scottish NNP ) in NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
all roads which the NN goes on are closed to other traffic , including boulevard NNP , brussels ' main street .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
the area has a market selling lots of different goods .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
some such supporters of the JJ state oppose socialism and some forms of NN for VBG the nation state .	2	7	VBP	oppose	opposes
to me , an educational institution is significantly different from marketing ( which is the general category the NNP example falls under ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a further variant is the `` JJ '' NN , where the NN NN is in the form of two JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN soils are in the NNP soil order .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the threshold for inclusion on wikipedia is not common knowledge or common sense .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the only remaining west coast lumber transport sailing ship is c .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP asserted that subjects and NNS are logical .	3	6	VBP	are	is
commercial composers are no less composers because of the the usage of their work .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the eponymous `` NNP 's line '' is a line of JJ origin of the JJ nerve on the NNS , a NN below which results in the aforementioned NNP syndrome .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
as an actor , he was usually VBN NNP in his time ( later henri NNP ) and starred in about twenty films and plays ; credits include six films and plays from NNP NNP , such as the NNP devil ( 1948 ) .	26	27	VBP	include	includes
i think the proof of NNP 's JJ theorem given here is constructive , and can be turned into a method of finding a four squares representation of any positive NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
if the air mass is cold enough , the NN falls the form in heavy snow .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
common areas include music practice rooms , a computer lab , NN rooms , and outdoor green space .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
all schools of religious thought make enormous assumptions , generally on the basis of NNS VBN by some sign or miracle .	1	5	VBP	make	makes
today , most are employed in industry and tourism , but the dress and folklore of the NN is still important .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
the NN 's VBN doors were made out of a JJ standard NNP front door ( the NN NNS are clearly visible under the interior panels where two front door shells were VBN together with a single outer skin ) .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the NNP NN error of an ink indicates the difference in the `` JJ circle '' between its color and the NN of the corresponding JJ ink color .	3	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
keep , same as above , the site is notable and i am a happy user of it since 2004 .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the river flows through NNP and NNP to NNP and is fed by springs flowing from east hill and water from the NNP stream , the NNP brook and the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
in mixed martial arts a NNP fighter VBZ 125 NN ( 57 NN ) or less .	6	7	VBZ	weighs	weigh
this NN is the dispute and NN between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
neighboring municipalities are JJ to the north , NNP to the west , and copenhagen to the south .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS carry it in JJ amounts as particles go up and down in their NNS .	7	8	VBP	go	goes
in 2012 , NNP NNP ming sued NN NN , whose true identity is ahmad JJ NNP at NNP high court for JJ damages , VBN damages and an order of NN against further publication of JJ words .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
his own NN is transparent , which is his way of saying that he has no secrets , revealed to VB when she was attempting to find an idea for her own NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB cut edges are flame VBN before use to remove the rough edge .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the golden lion NN tends to be active earlier and retire later in the NN , JJ times of the years as the days are longer .	17	24	VBP	are	is
the goal is to explain the origins of a problem , put a human face on an issue and promote a message of tolerance and understanding .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a string of NNS keeps a finnish NN from action against the NNP attacking NNP 's high school , while an JJ german is RB positioned to pick off NNS .	1	4	VBZ	keeps	keep
darker elements of the gothic appear in the NNP plot line , as she VBZ into NN and fears violence from those surrounding her .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears
especially in the NN the harbour is full of large NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the control the copyright holder has over use has expanded dramatically , using the digital millennium copyright act to VB people with software that could defeat the limits built into the code used to VB the product .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
for NNS , the most familiar form of VBG is the compilation of a programming language into machine code or NN .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the area is of great agricultural value because of the winter rain and the mild weather .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its neighbouring villages are NNP and NNP whilst the small towns of NNP and NNP are only a short distance away .	2	3	VBP	are	is
delete - the only NN of notability i see with this individual is that he has a son who VBD some attention .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
they bow and the NN VBZ , finishing the video .	4	5	VBZ	closes	close
some other JJ cities have some shorter yet notable NNS .	3	4	VBP	have	has
powered by two NNS diesel engines with a combined output of , the trains are capable of speeds of .	13	14	VBP	are	is
ironically , NNP 's father is the same scientist who VBD the race of super NNS now threatening to destroy all of NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this change is coordinate JJ and therefore the lie derivative is defined on any JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB , your response is totally negative to an overall consensus .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as an editor mentioned above , this list is not that special .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP , in VBG the afd , originally stated incorrectly that he has CD hits on google , he also failed to mention that this page has 17 sources , including the NNP , cnn , the independent , usa today , even the JJ conservative NN .	25	26	VBZ	has	have
the JJ region of a NNP is , generally , an JJ layer of silicon .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the ore minerals of JJ include NN , NN , and NN .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
another potential issue is that the units seem to ship with a CD card with an older version of english wikipedia on them , and the latest version in english is CD , so it requires a new card , and a new update of the encyclopedia .	27	30	VBZ	is	are
NNP men , typically of the NNP NN , are often JJ as a sign of NN .	1	9	VBP	are	is
whether you liked that edit or not is JJ ; you made it and it became the new consensus .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
these wikipedians edit their videos using NNP premier .	1	2	VBP	edit	edit
NNP NN derives from NNS on future NNS , not from actual shopping or ( saved up ) NNS .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
i 'd like to continue contributing , but i do n't know if i will unless this guy stops .	17	18	VBZ	stops	stop
the NN provides a statement of the 5th NN of book 2 of the elements , together with an JJ diagram , and a tiny part of the preceding NN .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
it was yet another , wait until the story is irrelevant vote .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
similarly , if the NN assignment shows that students have particular difficulties , those difficulties may be addressed more thoroughly in class .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
we have plenty of those VBG around family names , and said pages are quite useful .	12	13	VBP	are	is
disruption is the community , not the individual .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the band then stops on victory hill and begins to play the opening NNS of the `` NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	stops	stop
their NNS are JJR than in adults , and the NNS are sometimes NN .	10	11	VBP	are	is
even though the initial form was somewhat rough , i think it is fairly evident at this point that the subject is notable .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
in september the band plays a short dutch tour with NNS VBP .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
support as the JJS of the available options at this point , since it merely records what NNP agreed to previously , but did not VB by , when faced with a site ban previously .	0	15	VBZ	records	record
the genus name NNP comes from celtic roots and means `` JJ NN '' .	2	4	VBZ	comes	come
in jerusalem the armenian community continues to follow the julian calendar , unlike the rest of the armenian church and other eastern orthodox churches which follow the revised julian calendar .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the viewers choice JJ service consists of 45 standard definition channels and two JJ television channels .	4	5	VBZ	consists	consist
the drama also addresses some social commentary about VBG the trauma center organization and NN in south korea .	1	3	VBZ	addresses	address
the school has sports programs in football , golf , volleyball , tennis , dance , VBG , track and field , baseball , softball , basketball , NN , and wrestling .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the mission that NNP NNP has defined for itself is to bring about intellectual NN of people through the spread of education and to prepare human resources needed for all round development , particularly economic , of the country .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the list of basic mining topics is a very good start .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the main bc list is massive , i have counted the entries , but i suspect there are well over 200 entries , which if expanded as this list has been expanded , would be RB large and would require some NN to be VBN out from it .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her social life remains separate from that of her husband .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
in the case of a chose in action or land , the NN 's title is not complete on the NN 's death as the legal title NNS in the NN 's personal representatives .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
another form of discrimination towards british indians is VBG , one example is british NNPS VBD as being the majority of NN and convenience store NNS , the NN `` NNP shop '' ; and also making up a majority of doctors .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the book , a NN of the tribes and NNS of the punjab and north-west provinces records - other scholarly references such as in the publications of the NNP also point to the close relation between NNP and NNP .	1	30	VBZ	point	points
most major stock NNS use trading NNS to VB panic selling , providing a cooling period for people to VB information related to the selling and restore some degree of NN to the market .	3	4	VBP	use	uses
main office is in NNP , republic of korea and two branches are in NNP and NNP , NNP , korea .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS NNP consider a cosmic plasma to be part of a circuit , in the same way a laboratory plasma tube is part of a circuit .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NNP you guys are funny , either you wiki editors are gay , or JJ ugly females , crazy communist NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
RB noted that while the first four acts of the game were VBG , in the final act `` the last boss is a complete joke and the ending feels just a NN too JJ , '' and that there were some bugs and NN in the online NN .	28	29	VBZ	feels	feel
NN receptor also known as NNP is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
his minor writings include a series of JJ notes which he contributed to the academy for many years .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNS land on johnny , mary , mary ( now empty ) .	0	1	VBP	land	lands
an exception to this is the NNP heights neighborhood , where students attend NNP 's public schools .	11	12	VBP	attend	attends
its link to the international exhibition is also of importance .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in india , JJ loans are usually the loans given to the agricultural sector where the farmers ca n't pay back the loan or the interest amount due to lack of rain due to which they do n't have any crops to sell , due to floods etc .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS on NNP hill 2010 sally corporation an interactive dark ride where guests shoot at targets to collect points .	13	14	VBP	shoot	shoots
google hits are up to 20 , 500 today .	1	2	VBP	are	is
platforms 3 and 4 are JJ NNS used for turning trains back at busy times .	0	4	VBP	are	is
two songs from the NNP course in class mode , NNP and NNP , feature new another charts only JJ on the course , which are more difficult than their original charts .	1	14	VBP	feature	features
sometimes a dirty or damaged glass plate is to blame .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a NNP pool operator ( NNP ) is an individual or organization that VBZ or receives funds to use in the operation of a NN pool , NN , investment trust , or other similar fund , specifically for trading in NN interests .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the only wider falls are extremely large JJ falls such as the NNP falls .	3	4	VBP	are	is
its success overseas has yet to be verified , as the number of offices abroad are not all incorporated .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the cottage is a JJ plantation complex located near upper NNP in prince george 's county , maryland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the temple here has five NNS and many sculptures .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
images have no fair use rationale .	0	1	VBP	have	has
one player asks the other players , in turn , to contribute some word for the specified type for each blank , but without revealing the context for that word .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
the new text is entirely original to me , i did not use the old deleted text in any way .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if wikiproject football is fed up with him , then it seems that even if some of JJ info is useful , the overall NN on resources is such that the user is a net negative to the project .	24	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP are normally the temperature and the pressure of the triple point , but the normal NN temperature at atmospheric pressure are also commonly used as reference point because the normal NN point is much easier accessible .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
NNS meet together as a team for bible studies and to create and VB work in the local schools .	0	1	VBP	meet	meets
personal attack blocks are , generally , a bad idea ; especially any that can be seen as JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the famous scholars NNP NNP claim their ancestry to NNP .	2	5	VBP	claim	claims
luke 's best friend ruby also joins in on the action .	3	6	VBZ	joins	join
junction is home to the texas tech university center at junction , a satellite school of texas tech university in NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the habitat consists of the coastal NN of southern and east africa and the forests belonging to the NNP JJ region .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
it is composed of three different NNS whose dates and relationships are difficult to determine .	8	11	VBP	are	is
the law calls for an official representative of the various churches or religious communities to be responsible for teaching religious studies in all public and private NNS , primary schools , and universities throughout bosnia .	1	2	VBZ	calls	call
also , the crime analysis unit creates a monthly crime statistics report .	5	6	VBZ	creates	create
the film opens at the 1937 academy awards , where NNP 's wife , NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) , wins the first ever `` best supporting actress '' oscar .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
my computer smart friend tells me that two can slow a computer down because the processes have to work through both of them .	15	16	VBP	have	has
i RB recall reading NN that the number of us CD coins that are VBN is actually causing a JJ amount of pollution in areas around NNS and other places where the concentration of JJ coins is high .	32	36	VBZ	is	are
these themes relate to the development of NNP 's character over the time span covered by the novel , a point that the author himself VBD .	1	2	VBP	relate	relates
the program VBZ 20 students who wish to become a rabbi , NN ( NN ) , or jewish professional .	1	2	VBZ	selects	select
the game features NNP , a NNP 's monster on a mission to collect the scattered body parts of his girlfriend .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
NNS ' interest is further VBN when they VBP that this asteroid not only has an extremely rapid rotation period of 4 minutes , but it is RB large .	11	14	VBZ	has	have
while the schedule for the canadian channel is generally the same as the u .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN and JJ repeat JJ protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the `` merge '' suggestion seems promising , however , and should be the subject of further discussion .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
this page opens a bad example , as did the page NNP .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
the most significant example where NNP dialect is used in humorous way is the festival NNP NNP .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the plant grows to 20 inches in height and has purple flowers .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP is situated twelve miles from manchester and seven for NNP , on a high NN one mile to the west of the NNP , from which the river ground begins to rise ; half the way being so steep as to make it difficult to access .	29	30	VBZ	begins	begin
from north to south the main islands are NNP island , NNP island , jackson island , NNP island , NNP island , NNP island , salisbury island , NNP NNP island , NNP island and NNP island .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the les NNP campus provides a number of sport and recreational facilities including fitness center , gymnasium , basketball and volleyball courts , a football field , and outdoor swimming pool .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
the NNS of the NN layer continue to VB during the first NN , when they VBP .	1	6	VBP	continue	continues
since it was important that the children see consistent pictures , NNP had a NN named jim NNP draw the symbols .	6	7	VBP	see	sees
the NN was opened in 1983 by jim NNP and bruce NNP , and its current manager is NNP fuller .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
like NNP albums , this chart tracks titles from `` new or developing acts '' , similarly determined by the act 's historical chart performance .	5	6	VBZ	tracks	track
the game also features music from bands such as NNP and fear factory .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
if so , the server is the computer at the other end of the internet where the program actually runs , then it returns the results to your computer .	17	19	VBZ	runs	run
when mick VBZ to the drug , NNP is convinced her husband has serious problems and VBZ him to the NNP institute for a cure .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
the best way to get an intimate knowledge of policy is to fight down in the NNS in afd , NNP , or something like it .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the last element is land , as in NNP ' or NN ' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oppose basic NN of copyright issues as here and in above discussions indicates other issues could be equally VBN .	2	12	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the city on the NNP is a former imperial free city and is the seat of NNP county .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
so this time line is basically not a reason for deletion .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS at NNP have boats that travel to these islands .	1	4	VBP	have	has
large NNS such as NNP and glen canyon typically release water from lower levels of their NNS , resulting in stable and relatively cold JJ temperatures in long reaches of the river .	1	9	VBP	release	releases
the hawaiian sovereignty movement has a number of active groups that have won some NNS from the state of hawaii , including the offering of h .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the positive NN NNS that approach the negative NN mostly combine with negative NN NNS to form water .	3	10	VBP	combine	combines
the route extends to NNP of NNP , slovenia .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
when part of the centre is opened up to form an inner court , the NNS round the edge have been converted into a primary school , residential units and student accommodation .	15	16	VBP	round	rounds
that would just be natural for many letters in most NNS that are carved with a NN or written with a broad pen whose base is JJR than the width of the blade or NN .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
on 11 september , the italian high command sent two explicit instructions to NNP , to the effect that `` german troops have to be viewed as hostile '' and that `` NN attempts by german forces must be VBN with weapons '' .	21	22	VBP	have	has
either the databases need to be somehow VBN for efficiency in size and data collection or more resources need to be spent on servers .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
i can only hope this time administrators allow me time to prepare a reply before passing judgement .	6	7	VBP	allow	allows
NNP either is acceptable as long as the usage is consistent throughout the article .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS land on NNP , mary , NNP .	0	1	VBP	land	lands
furthermore , when the cell begins to VB , this automatically VBZ the - pump .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
cat finds out about NNS and asks why people find them JJ .	8	9	VBP	find	finds
the air force then say that the island is dangerous and releases RB over the island , destroying the island and the NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
based in brighton , england , and consisting of both professional and amateur players , the orchestra performs large scale works and JJ concert events at venues in sussex .	16	17	VBZ	performs	perform
a bit field is most commonly used to represent integral types of known , fixed NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the port also holds an oil NN .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the centre of the village , where the pub is located is a JJ junction .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
this also means that refs are not generally needed in the lead ( except for direct quotes and extraordinary claims ) - the material will appear again in the body of the article and be sourced there .	4	5	VBP	are	is
my time is limited NN of school and work , but the main reason i have not contributed much to wikipedia is because i feel some editors have created a environment that is not JJ of the creation and NN of articles related to jewish texas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
private institutions include the NNP del NNP , NNP de NNP , NNP NNP de NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
his 4 sons are politicians and NNP NNP party founders .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the lake is not among the most popular of the national park , being shallow and full of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the use of colour is particularly effective within china itself , including JJ NNS like the JJ NN of the NNP he ( yellow river ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the entrance opens toward the NN ( south ) side of broadway .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
krishna NNP , while at the university of alabama at birmingham , had nine papers on protein structures VBD because his experimental findings appear to be false or VBN .	22	23	VBP	appear	appears
the general consensus is that its a bad point , by virtue of NNP being a JJ term that people are likely to encounter and look up , while the others are just NNS .	19	20	VBP	are	is
this category is for images of united states postal service ( NNP ) stamps produced after 1978 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and if the list is incomplete , perhaps the nominator can contribute by moving it towards completion than in destroying that which he does not understand .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the firm acts primarily as a fund of funds and NNS in the NN fund space .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
NNP islands council commissions report on JJ impact of the music business in NNP .	3	4	VBP	report	reports
the japan national roller hockey team is the national team side of japan at international roller hockey .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the image on the cover is significant because it was made by a famous artist , NNP fear ( band ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
then the society VBZ a to b to c to a , a NN .	2	3	VBZ	prefers	prefer
while NNP , being a JJ economist , probably the second most famous and important after NNS , is indeed so famous that his every book is notable , this book stands as worthy of an entry in its own right .	30	31	VBZ	stands	stand
behavior problems are major causes of JJ NN and NN , and prevention science has led to the identification of tested and effective JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
any religion whose only fruit is NN to itself is a NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the relative state interpretation of quantum mechanics is an attempt to understand the experience of observers using only quantum mechanical NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
or , which wikipedians are neither qualified nor permitted to carry out .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the chief state school officer , either a secretary of education , state superintendent of education , superintendent of public instruction , commissioner of education or director of education , is a constitutional or a statutory officer in several states of the united states .	4	30	VBZ	is	are
the state has level funded special education for the past 5 years .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if the individual is notable , then it 's your responsibility as someone coming and voting for the article to be on wikipedia to ensure that it means wikipedia 's standards , both for quality and for notability .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in mexico , NN usually has a love couple that encounter many problems throughout the NN , a villain and end with a wedding .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
while this has been accomplished in a variety of different ways , the basic idea of a third character having to choose between the two twins is common to most plots involving evil twins .	14	26	VBZ	is	are
my experience is that such articles and pages receive the bulk of the vandalism on wikipedia .	5	8	VBP	receive	receives
so the people speak a mix of both , which is interesting to study .	2	3	VBP	speak	speaks
by the way , that also includes the four NNS in between JJ and NN ; some people have the false idea that those are not part of si .	17	18	VBP	have	has
specialized uses also exist , such as for aviation interests , pollution monitoring , photography or NN and research .	1	3	VBP	exist	exists
the NN is the distance from crest to crest or from NN to NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the earliest complex , the NNP mosque was subsequently destroyed by NNS and completely rebuilt in a different style , the NNP complex is thus of considerable historical and architectural significance .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the main NN to the construction of this structure is the presence of the a7 on the banks of the NNP at NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
fast passenger trains are fast passenger local train rail service of india .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i submit that the article is a dictionary definition , and that at least with the information and sources currently available , it is unlikely to become anything more .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his father is a retired u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when night falls he tries to VB NNP with a NN shot , but ends up burning his NN and breaking a chair .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
the NN theory of substance thus VBZ the substance theories of NNP , NNP , and more recently , j .	2	6	VBZ	rejects	reject
this is what this discussion is for .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i think the itunes JJ ratings and the fact that both walter and bryan both have several imdb credits for some pretty high profile films , like NNP shows that this article is entirely valid and should be retained .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
to clarify i am a great supporter of anonymous editing , but think that the JJ function is most appropriately used by registered users and would be best as a further NN to encourage people to sign up .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the monument , the site offers fishing , hiking , and wildlife viewing opportunities .	7	8	VBZ	offers	offer
i would appreciate it if my request was looked into before another admin VBZ this .	12	13	VBZ	closes	close
still another NN of the special collections contains native speakers VBG place names , people names and NNS from well-known plays often produced in the theatre .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
a chinese wall is most commonly employed in investment banks , between the JJ area and the NN department in order to separate those giving corporate advice on NNS from those VBG clients about buying shares .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the next morning , NNP discovers the term refers to a scientific concept her father was working on before his mysterious NN .	7	8	VBZ	refers	refer
alternatively , for a JJ passage NN , the NNP code is NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the diagram shows the essential parts of a typical JJ vector network NN ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
her favourite book of all time is the secret history by donna NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the other contributing buildings and structures are related NNS .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the block has no industry and is RB RB as compared to other parts of the district .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i think that the next time an editor does similar action , it would be best not to respond instead of going up front NN .	7	8	VBZ	does	do
her NNS tend to be JJ and without NN , but sensitive and RB VBN .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
suggested fa criteria concerns are citations and factual accuracy ( CD ) , and pov ( CD ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
pending changes are a much better alternative to NN , since NN is RB and pending changes also help keep many problematic articles clean .	1	2	VBP	are	is
san NNP citizens participate in the JJ NN of neighboring NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	participate	participates
NNP ' means a place where JJ water springs are present .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the company traces its origins to the NNP aircraft engineering corporation , which was sold and renamed in 1985 .	1	2	VBZ	traces	trace
the decorated gothic church represents the architectural developments of its day .	3	4	VBZ	represents	represent
the development is a st NNP football club development in conjunction with the NNP city council , the state government of victoria and the afl .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the word `` patron '' derives from the latin NN , `` patron , '' one who gives benefits to his clients ( see NNP in ancient rome ) .	3	5	VBZ	derives	derive
in this regard , older NNS designed at a time of relatively JJ labour and limited NN tend to present the greatest difficulties for maintenance .	5	17	VBP	tend	tends
today the number of items VBN is over CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
however , the staff at his label decided to release `` small town southern man '' first , as it was `` more typical of what people expect '' of him .	26	27	VBP	expect	expects
a positive example of local government acting in the interests of soil health is the joint approach of the NNP and NNP councils ( of nsw and vic respectively ) to address urban erosion and NN .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the council consists of 58 elected members , representing twenty electoral wards .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
after the completion of the game , a new class , NNP fighter , becomes available .	9	14	VBZ	becomes	become
some episodes also have educational NNS , teaching , for example , that it 's good to take a NN and to not judge a book by its cover .	1	3	VBP	have	has
most buses run about every 7 , 5 minutes ( 8 times every hour ) .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
automated tools are there for a reason , and that is to get RB necessary jobs done fast and RB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
support it is unfortunate that we just had another spacecraft story , but this is unrelated and is notable by itself .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
thousands of NNS visit during this festival .	0	3	VBP	visit	visits
the resulting conflict between joyce and NNP is both tragic and humorous .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
reviews have noted that since the story is told in a JJ fashion , the plot wo n't entirely make sense until the end of the novel , although the narrative style makes the story easier to follow for the reader .	31	32	VBZ	makes	make
bacteria living in this JJ include NNP NN or the newly discovered species NNP NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
until now scientific community is not sure which mechanism makes ice skating possible .	8	9	VBZ	makes	make
NN hi are you sure that `` translation of the sanskrit writing NNP by NNP is the earliest writing on medicine VBG an entirely JJ and JJ diet '' i though that NNP was earlier .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
while the congregation is very conservative on social and political issues such as NN of NNS , it differs greatly from more traditional NNPS in worship style and theology .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one NNP class is display on and one is display off for the browser but , for print , they are both set to display on .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other critically acclaimed recordings include NNS and NNS for solo violin of j .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the district line follows the london , NNP and NNP railway for another five stations , before VBG at NNP station .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
all his activities are noble and worthy , but mere NN of minor NNS can not VB for the lack of any one truly notable achievement .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the invention of NNP NNP is not commonly known , but was invented by a small time entrepreneur named andrew r .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
delete okay IN season 5 has not ended yet the two episodes are completely wrong , JJ NNP is actually season 5 plus the NN and episode number in series is wrong .	11	12	VBP	are	is
NNP services are rather different , centered around silent prayer and waiting to speak until moved by the spirit at NNP meeting .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the server VBZ with a NNP message , containing the chosen protocol version , a random number , PRP$ suite and compression method from the choices offered by the client .	1	2	VBZ	responds	respond
if the NN and NN limit agree for every x , then they agree in particular for c , hence the derivative of f exists at c and is equal to zero .	21	28	VBZ	is	are
its precise location in the san gabriel valley is unknown .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
my concern , in addition to the fact that i agree the email is not likely to help , is that doing so would constitute JJ harassment .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the village has ancient origins dating back to the time of viking settlement .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if NN is age 15 or under , a court order is also necessary .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the division of continuing education offers many distance learning and online degree programs .	1	5	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP , and her rank is that of staff sergeant NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
VBN processes , such as the NN of a portion of the NN tree , are more likely to produce VBG at that location , hence the sound will be JJ and VB RB .	1	15	VBP	are	is
he VBZ this , with the help of many teachers , and reports to the academy that his transformation is so complete that he can no longer properly describe his emotions and experiences as an NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the law requires that , in order to become a NN agent , a union must represent 50 percent plus one of the employees at a given work site and 10 percent of all the workers in that particular industry .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
the character is also a romantic interest for josh NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
popular rolling stock NNS such as NNP and NNP for electric and diesel locomotives ; NNP and NNP for passenger coaches are production units of indian railways .	3	21	VBP	are	is
the inscription RB uses 1848 , rather than the correct 1846 year date .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
the issue is why is what is acceptable for organisations like fifa and uefa unacceptable for an organisation like wikipedia , and how much does the use of this logo increase the readers understanding of the concept of a national football team .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
spreading centers in the gulf , like this one in NNP , are different from more well known spreading NNS like the JJ ridge and east pacific rise , since they form as deep NN valleys rather than JJ NNS .	1	12	VBP	are	is
the church has a beautiful norman NN but the level of the ground outside is higher than the base of the door .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NN or NNP , whose defeat of her is his most renowned NN .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
some people try to achieve an JJ tan or to VB their tan coverage .	1	2	VBP	try	tries
the guards drag off louis and lock him in the NNP , VBG him for the escaped philippe .	1	2	VBP	drag	drags
google test is not necessarily useful here , as a page can be very popular without being referenced elsewhere a million times .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ mentions go to NNP 66 and NNP , with 35 and 31 points respectively .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
it appears that the author is notable , now that the spelling has been corrected .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
various NNS have white , pink , or red flesh , and a few also feature red ( instead of green ) skin .	1	2	VBP	have	has
some restrictions limit the height of new buildings so as not to block views of an older work NN to be important landmark by a government .	1	2	VBP	limit	limits
sources are the books written by edmund NNP on the NNS of the NNP , national archives of the usa , presidential documents of jefferson , monroe and madison .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the total length of the river is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the effect is always present in JJ form in the material cause .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current members of the band as of now are austin NNP , alan NNP , aaron NNP , NNP NNP and phil NNP .	2	9	VBP	are	is
to avoid JJ conflicts , one has to keep a cool head , remain civil , and communicate effectively with fellow editors .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the use of that term implies that i have recruited others to my side for some JJ purpose .	1	5	VBZ	implies	imply
keep - article includes plenty of reliable sources covering the creek .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
in ireland a cadet is a young member of the order of malta ambulance corps or the st .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN is , the length is typically and weight is in females , in males .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ' younger brother , mark NNP , is also a professional hockey player in scotland .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the station provides access to NNP university of technology and NNP NNP course , or NNP boat race course .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
established in 1930 , this office is the oldest office of the government of puerto rico in the mainland united states .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the mineral occurs as thin films , NNS of fine NNS , NN masses , and JJ filling in host sandstone .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
some JJ people also use NNP .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
NNP looks after NNP , which her cousin ( NNP NNP ) objects to , as he loves her .	7	12	VBZ	objects	object
they also use a curved secondary mirror to relay the image that extends the light cone the same way the negative lens NN group does .	23	24	VBZ	does	do
the JJ nerve , the largest branch of the NN NN , VBZ from the dorsal divisions of the JJ NN of the second , third , and fourth NN NNS ( NNP ) .	2	12	VBZ	arises	arise
the telescope has an NN mount .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
no need to merge , the angel articles are good .	7	8	VBP	are	is
according to its 1978 NNP nomination , the home `` is a good example of the architectural transition from the queen anne style to JJ revival styles , which emphasized NN and classical NN .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
his sole claim to fame is that he was the leader of a party that has now removed him for attacking JJ NN users and threatening members of the public .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
paris cooperative high school 's mascot is the tiger and its colors are orange and black .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a con is we have a number of cat articles so it may be good to do something really different .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another path that can be chosen is to let the system undergo a JJ JJ expansion in which the volume is doubled .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the first generally accepted example of a song cycle is NNP 's an die NN NNP ( op .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
many case examples and a modest body of controlled outcome research the philosophy of social NN , which is VBN in NNP , VBZ that reality is VBN by people acting on their interpretations and their knowledge of it .	12	23	VBZ	asserts	assert
contributors include former colleagues , friends , and students .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
a team of JJ men arrives on the scene .	1	5	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the unofficial titles do , however , retain NN in some circles of society .	2	3	VBP	do	does
but any general comments are most welcome in how to improve the article .	3	4	VBP	are	is
such NN is often best done in an atmosphere of fear and under NN of external threat .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
currently sponsored by NNP ireland , its intention is to encourage interest in science in secondary and primary schools , .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
teams are free to sell or VB any items they have purchased during the course of the race .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the accompanying illustration is of the NNP camera flown on the nasa image mission and the description that follows most closely resembles image mission instruments .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
alliance for middle east peace ( NNP ) is a group of over 70 leading JJ organizations working to foster NN between NNP and NNPS , and between arabs and jews in the middle east .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
she successfully VBZ with the bull 's owner , NNP mac NNP , to rent the animal for a year until her NNS , drunk , reveal that they would have taken the bull by force even if they had not been allowed to VB it .	22	26	VBP	reveal	reveals
NNS get their final color after 21 days , open their eyes at 32 days , can VB NN at 46 days and are VBN after two months .	0	1	VBP	get	gets
current products include the chevrolet NNP , chevrolet NNP and chevrolet NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this stream , known as the lesser NNP , flows north into lake NNP .	1	9	VBZ	flows	flow
this organizational commitment style has a greater impact on affect than individual personality factors and traits .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the city is the county seat of grant county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP gardens hills ' public schools , as are the public schools in all of new york city , are operated by the new york city department of education .	5	8	VBP	are	is
all these companies are active in the retail trade industry .	2	3	VBP	are	is
comedy film is a genre of film in which the main emphasis is on NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the promotion is based on the pure effect of the sport , points are not given for a NNP , NNP , draw or even if your tag team partner scores the fall .	30	31	VBZ	scores	score
questions have been raised about the potential effect that the street patterns of a neighbourhood may play a role in the frequency that its homes are targets of theft and property damage .	24	25	VBP	are	is
many countries use the rank brigadier general rather than brigadier , and prior to the 1920s , so did members of the commonwealth .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
spider-man is also VBN with the NN , and his lack of reaction VBZ him to be the real spider-man .	10	13	VBZ	confirms	confirm
today the road serves as a major link to the city from the predominantly upper and middle class suburbs of the NNP municipality .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
regardless of their origins , successful projects are those that generate a sufficient amount of interest and uncertainty to VB children 's creative thinking and NN and are open to different NNS of exploration .	6	7	VBP	are	is
it turns out that a new painting in the gallery is a lost van NNP , which NNP thinks is an NN , as `` death follows it '' .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the london underground tracks are south of the national rail ones and operate from an island platform whilst the national rail platforms are outside of their tracks .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the study , published in the journal public health NNP , shows that additional government regulation of JJ NN is needed to protect consumers .	1	11	VBZ	shows	show
the big NN of the NNP ' NN and NNS in general is longer and has a deeper NN compared to that of NNS .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the wings of the NN have NNS of shields of the british commonwealth and empire .	1	5	VBP	have	has
although he preferred social and JJ political methods , he also engaged in a number of battles , as the NNP sources make clear .	21	22	VBP	make	makes
real , RB and without JJ error in NN is an error in respect of the act ; an error in NN is an error as to the identification of the other person .	19	22	VBZ	is	are
examples include NNP of ali , muhammad ali heavyweight boxing and the knockout kings series and its follow up , the fight night series .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the region extended from the NN VBZ up to NNS where primary forests still stand , usually above CD m .	12	14	VBP	stand	stands
what makes belief revision JJ is that several different ways for performing this operation may be possible .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
then if p is shifted to VB such that its left end is between c and NN , in the next comparison phase a NN of p must match the VBG t [ ( SYM - n ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP an unofficial port of NNP linux is available .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
there is a bus line number 72 from NNP , 15 minutes walk to the valley and bus line number 69 from NNP , which is also nearby .	11	12	VBP	walk	walks
since we 're not writing a paper for an archaeological journal , the use here is legitimate .	13	15	VBZ	is	are
international companies with major research centres in the region include NNP NNP , NNP , leo NNP , NNP NNPS , and NNP .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
the municipality has NNPS one of only three NN museums around the world , i .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
unlike iron chef , where NNS had roughly 5 minutes to discuss their strategy before the battle begins , the revelation of the theme NN occurs 45 minutes before the start of the battle .	16	17	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP reference as it is a tourist NN , and the location of the mansion is sufficiently VBN not to require a reference anyway .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the NNP `` royal regulations '' chapter of the NNP uses cooking food and eating NNS to RB VB the chinese `` middle kingdom '' bordered by the `` four NNPS '' ( eastern NNP , southern man , western NNP , and northern di ) .	6	10	VBZ	uses	use
the origin of the black cat symbol is unclear , but according to one story it came from a NNP strike that was going badly .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the stream runs in a RB to the eastern cliff edge .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the lead girl in the video is the model jessica NNP , who plays the role of jay sean 's love interest in the music video .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
robertson 's three children are former pupils of the school in NNP where NN thomas hamilton went on the NN in 1996 , VBG 16 children and their teacher .	3	4	VBP	are	is
other examples are the carnival of NNP ; the still very religious NNS of the holy blood in NNP , NNP jesse basilica in NNP and basilica of our lady of NNP in NNP ; festival in NNP ; and the NNP festival in NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
during holidays characters visit during easter and christmas time .	2	3	VBP	visit	visits
NNP suggest that a part of the VBN na leads to the NN of NN , in the NNS cause by the volume decrease resulting from the transformation of NN to VB .	4	9	VBZ	leads	lead
the competition is open for all member clubs of the lower saxony fa playing in the 3rd liga , NNP NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP image is being linked here ; though the picture is subject to copyright , i ( JJ NNP ) feel it is covered by the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the uk NNS for light NNS are bc ( NN cap ) , NNP ( NNP NNP ) , and NNP ( small NNP NN ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the game has four levels ; big city , subway , NNP , swamp .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
plastic NNS , which escape the NN collection process , often end up in streams , which then lead them to end up in the open ocean .	1	11	VBP	end	ends
in addition , companies in the ai group have offices in mumbai , des NNP , new york , toronto , chicago , manhattan beach , boston , dublin , luxembourg , melbourne , warsaw , milan and madrid .	3	8	VBP	have	has
power production continues as planned despite the NN , and the water from the NN now provides two NNS of the water issued by the reservoir for agriculture in downstream areas .	11	16	VBZ	provides	provide
i think such proposals belong to the better and more promising , though .	3	4	VBP	belong	belongs
the rocks are subjected to periodic flooding when the river levels rise , VBG the plants and VBG the NNS they grow on .	10	11	VBP	rise	rises
for example , internet refs need url , title , author if known , publisher and date accessed .	4	5	VBP	need	needs
there are many cases in which criminal or JJ behavior occur when the person is under the influence of a drug .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the air temperature is lowest just as the sun rises .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some examples are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the total length of the river is CD km and drainage area is CD NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
to commemorate , people have small parties and NNS and eat the last remaining fresh fruits from summer .	3	4	VBP	have	has
according to list of animals by number of NNS , NNS have only 10 , 000 NNS , cats have 300 , 000 , 000 and you have 100 , 000 , 000 , 000 .	18	19	VBP	have	has
the park attracts in the region of 200 000 people a year .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
a consequence of the decline in NN in stage two is an increasingly rapid rise in population growth ( a `` population explosion '' ) as the gap between deaths and NNS grows wider .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
one model of organizing objectives uses NNS .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use
i am , however , not in agreement about your statement that every single figure or ranking has to be accompanied by a NN .	14	17	VBZ	has	have
a balloon helicopter is a toy helicopter made of a NN balloon and a plastic NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school VBZ the term `` household manager '' as a JJ equivalent of `` butler '' .	1	2	VBZ	prefers	prefer
your contributions in the mainspace are great , but you have little experience elsewhere .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the nearest point to the surface in the caves is at the top of the shaft in the devil 's kitchen , 52 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
each business takes a fixed amount of real time to generate its product , which then can be collected by the player .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
an NN 's layout is the technique of VBG the crops in a proper system .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ lens is a lens worn on or before the eye .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
graduates wear long white NNS and carry flowers .	0	1	VBP	wear	wears
the fabric covered wings are again of constant NN and square VBN , though the lower wing has wing tip , JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
many administrators give less NN to users who have been blocked before , and may block such users for any edit warring , even if they do not VB four reverts on a page in 24 hours .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
NNP films are films in the NNP language , mainly watched by people from western NNP , eastern uttar pradesh in north india and NNP in southern nepal .	1	2	VBP	are	is
precise boundaries are hard to determine , as the NNP brook is some way south of the area usually thought of now as NNP , between NNP road to the west , long lane to the south , and NNP avenue to the north and east .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ researchers generally follow JJ research theory , which holds that most cultures share common evolutionary and functional traits .	1	3	VBP	follow	follows
since no one owns content in wikipedia i fail to see how my criticism could be VBN as a direct personal attack .	2	3	VBZ	owns	own
a NN of the latter enzyme leads to higher levels of NN and a NN of the intermediate breakdown product NN , causing the signs and symptoms of NN type ii .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead
NN who tagged this for deletion RB as source was given and a fair use does not have to VB what the exact copyright is .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
ultimately , this conflict has potential for NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
other villages in the municipality include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
this edition targets the enterprise segment of the market and is sold through volume licensing to companies which have a software NNP contract with microsoft .	1	2	VBZ	targets	target
NNP , the article is factual ( if pretty silly and JJ ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
also , the current collaboration is a person from the book of mormon , so this would be a good change .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
note that a category would not serve the same purpose , because this incorporates other helpful information about the NNS in table form .	0	13	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
NNP , i see , the section heading is misleading .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the tower contains two bells dating from CD and made by thomas NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the museum is open to the public on saturday NNS by appointment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most JJ moments , this particular sketch is moment number six .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
VBN NNS allow the protocol designer to concentrate on one layer at a time , without VBG about how other layers perform .	20	21	VBP	perform	performs
process tells us to VB this one .	0	1	VBZ	tells	tell
it is only in later version that the third line , RB there is not a single thing , can be found .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
i ask because our article on la NNP currently VBZ the reader that it 's pronounced `` JJ NN '' , which to my eye looks like and needs replacing with something less RB inaccurate .	4	9	VBZ	advises	advise
the chronicle VBZ him for having VBN a JJ war between NNP and his brother NNP of the NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	blames	blame
some of the other actions though are too hard , slightly more subtle in terms of whether you VBP the issue or not , so the answer tends to be not to VB or RB VB you ( the NN ) would rather just edit and add info .	26	27	VBZ	tends	tend
his other credits as a television director include , lone star , NNP , the chicago code , sons of NNP , NNP , NNP kings and the walking dead .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
the 2012 fc dallas season is the NN of the team 's existence .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in addition to signature JJ NNS , the collection includes a complete line of NN for both men and women .	8	9	VBZ	includes	include
this category includes wikipedians who are members of wikiproject mountains .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NN praised the blend of CD and 3d graphics , and NNP said that the graphics were `` better than what i had originally VBN '' and that `` a NNP title has n't ever looked this good on a NN .	31	32	VBZ	has	have
this person may possibly meet notability criteria , however the tone of the proposed article is not neutral .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
the party does not only have foreign relations with communist parties ; relations with JJ parties have been established because their countries are economically important to vietnam .	21	22	VBP	are	is
administrator steve has indicated the page needs to go through the deletion review process .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
and that 's the difference between having a relationship and not having a relationship - all good relationships require `` giving in , '' especially when our partner feels strongly .	17	18	VBP	require	requires
NN NN of NNP university is also the largest NN in NNP province .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
at those times the area is so JJ with tens of thousands of NNP that trains do not stop at NNP as to avoid any accidents .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
freeway construction '' tells the history NN about 1980 , and further development carries the history forward from 1983 .	1	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the number on the label represents a JJ passenger plane .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent
a reliable source is one that checks facts before publication , and typically has editorial oversight ( so one person writes an article , and another person edits and VBZ the article for publication ) .	19	20	VBZ	writes	write
the irish rovers concert performances and album releases are full of his compositions .	4	8	VBP	are	is
every spring , the orchestra puts on four education concerts at the NNPS held during the school day for local school children to attend .	4	5	VBZ	puts	put
the 2012 phenomenon has JJ or religious NNS , or both .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the plot of the story depicts a conflict between good and evil , VBN through the NNP NNP created by the character dr .	1	5	VBZ	depicts	depict
a reaction is a response to some action or event , like VBG to avoid a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
facilities in the village include a small local shopping centre with a post office at NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
research shows the decisions judges make are extremely influenced by how long in the day it has been since their last break .	4	5	VBP	make	makes
JJ belongs to the NNP of NNP , whose seat is in NNP , although that town is itself not in the NNP .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
highly JJ structures , such as airplane NNS and components , rely on VBG as a JJ failure mode .	2	11	VBP	rely	relies
a 2011 paper in current biology describes an early NN .	2	6	VBZ	describes	describe
NNP population of NNP is approximately CD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ dialects are among the central german dialects with the highest number of speakers .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the highway leaves liberty center and enters rural henry and NNP counties , passing through NN .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
flowers of NNP NN have flowers reminiscent of the flower of a common NN , NNP NN .	0	4	VBP	have	has
once the album is ready the band will finish looking for a new label hoping to release the album by the beginning of 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS in robot hell are similar to the levels and rationale portrayed in NNP 's divine comedy , specifically the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
supporting roles include playing a female deputy in 1st testament by silver storm productions .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the station 's NNS go back to the JJ as NNP , an fm construction permit at 92 .	3	4	VBP	go	goes
the most effective cultural management technique is the destruction of all VBN and JJ fruit , and the disposal of crop NNS immediately after harvest .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the interval between NN attacks is extremely variable and how long the attack VBZ is also variable .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while the democratic incumbent here has a convincing advantage on paper to ward off any potentially strong NNS , republican candidates can be very competitive as long as the local NNS are n't VBN against the conservatives in washington .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
eventually the son , NNP , learns that he is actually an alien .	2	6	VBZ	learns	learn
but as the sail is more hollow , flow becomes more JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
however the acoustic guitar remains a popular choice in country , western and especially JJ music , and almost exclusively in folk music .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the collection features a long NN in which NNP explains that premier VBD NN was composed to assist the musicians of JJ monasteries ; for them he provides important instructions concerning style , NN , registration and other aspects of performance practice .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the standard VBZ how language standards should specify the NNS of sequences of operations , and points out the NNS of JJ meanings and NNS that change the value of a result .	1	2	VBZ	recommends	recommend
the band has its origins in a JJ duo formed by JJ 's blues band members martin stone and philip c .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
her most recent novel , southern NNP , is the first NN of a mystery series featuring the character jersey barnes .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
however , the giant 's mate hits most of the VBG men with rocks and they are killed .	5	6	VBZ	hits	hit
financial aid is available for all students who qualify .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
claims to JJ covers are n't verifiable and she brings up only CD NNS .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the interpretation of the JJ theorem is that the universe ( JJ and JJ ) VBZ by an enormous factor during inflation .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
well , while i understand your position , i am one of those who still think a good anonymous contribution is worth the NN .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the extra maintenance is probable required by some JJ NNP regulation - i doubt that the computer does a worse job than the pilots .	16	17	VBZ	does	do
the monument is not as prominent in popular culture as other washington , d .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
eric NNP 's 2002 NNP NN family is a series of NNP NNS similar to the output of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
typically , NNP 1 horses have two or more white feet or legs , a NN , spots or VBG on the NN or NNS , and VBD NNS to white NNS .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the monastery has a professional JJ NN choir which tours the world to raise money for the JJ restoration of the buildings .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the purpose of this new organisation is to extend the humanitarian mine NN activities already carried out by the NNP into other sectors such as mine risk education and victim assistance .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
all the sources are reliable to my knowledge .	2	3	VBP	are	is
also , historical perspective is needed ; the three issues of NN , rule changes and financial problems for small teams are not new .	9	21	VBP	are	is
in his writings he refers to himself as NNP NNP ; contemporary documents refer to him as NNP NNP ; and the full style of his name is NNP NNP NNP .	12	13	VBP	refer	refers
the workshop annually features premier performances of new works and arrangements for tenor and bass NN .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
this new type of nitrogen cooling is still under patent .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his son , randy NNP is a NN , and has worked on a number of films .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the victim believes the machine has VBN or RB retained their card .	1	2	VBZ	believes	believe
actual target name is NNP but it is considered too close to requested NN of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
additional information about the NNP mission is available at [ 3 ] .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the university provides facilities for football , volleyball , swimming , wrestling and other fields of sport .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
a JJ block , implemented in association with the international short film festival NNP , also forms part of this section .	2	16	VBZ	forms	form
farm or JJ land VBZ the majority of land in most countries .	3	4	VBZ	composes	compose
a lot of documents exists about this period from secret services of italy and nato .	1	4	VBZ	exists	exist
well into the 1930s lighting was by oil NNS , then came the building of the gas works in queens road ( since demolished , although the gas NNP house is still there ) .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
this part covers the period from 1842 to 1929 .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
teachers and students are present to talk about their departments , and to answer questions .	0	3	VBP	are	is
high commissioners also attend important ceremonies of state , such as the annual NNP sunday service at the NN in NNP ( VBG commonwealth war dead ) and royal NNS and NNS .	1	3	VBP	attend	attends
performance tasks , such as NN , NN , essay items , are JJ .	1	12	VBP	are	is
in this JJ game , the player controls a NNP NNP NN during world war i , attempting to shoot down enemy planes and bomb targets on the ground .	6	7	VBZ	controls	control
this work involves molecular NNS , drug and NN NN NNS , drug and NN safety NNS , and NN studies .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
NN '' is a placement drive organized in 2010 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
for NNP , economic institutions have no inherent or natural forms .	4	5	VBP	have	has
contested prod ; this article is about a subject which does not appear to meet the notability criteria .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a JJ fort is a NN in the style that evolved around the middle of the nineteenth century , in response to the development of powerful explosive shells .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the country 's best jazz musicians are featured during jazz à la NNP , but major worldwide players like NNP NNP also perform .	17	22	VBP	perform	performs
the least square solution in this case is also known as NN ( NNP ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the brothers give chase and lincoln VBZ onto the vehicle , RB VBG everyone inside , but he is badly injured and the brothers ' car is broken .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
may be a bit JJ , needs better illustration ( the values are 3 .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the current capital of the state of vermont is NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP is now the only one of the original five remaining at NNP , and his job is due to end in days .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
this image of a document is from `` the NNP institute '' at san diego state university .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
companies argue that that they are doing the world a favour by being mentioned .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
this is why i would like him to explain in his own words ( not just links to policy pages ) what those policies mean .	23	24	VBP	mean	means
oak trees , in response to VBG or infection often produce NNS , JJ NNS of the vessels ' cell walls that can function to JJ NNS and prevent NNS from spreading .	1	10	VBP	produce	produces
the song is a dance track with strong african NN and it became one NNP 's most popular songs .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ planet '' is the first song from the album of the same name by heavy metal singer alice cooper .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the service currently offers more than 300 , 000 hours of television shows and movies .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
hundreds of civilians were killed and tens of thousands were displaced in 2007 alone , though exact figures are unknown because the area is remote and JJ officials have restricted access for humanitarian groups and journalists .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
in NN the question always is who has the legal title for the demanded premises , not who ought to have it .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
other NNS include the NNP ' medal , VBN by the australian NNP association in 1972 , and a medal of honour VBN by the international medical society of NNP in 1978 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
although almost all the highest placed political NNS are held by former soldiers , the core military force JJ NN remains somewhat JJ in favour of naval and JJ maintenance .	17	20	VBZ	remains	remain
the song , like other early recordings by the band , such as `` i ca n't explain '' , `` the kids are NNP '' and `` happy jack '' , centers around the early power pop genre .	22	23	VBP	Are	Is
the main source is a june 2009 article that describes the theory as `` newly discovered '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this theme leads the harmony to c major ( in comparison to the use of c minor in parts i and ii ) .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
express and mail trains these are the most common kind of trains in india .	3	5	VBP	are	is
the lighthouse has a red tower that stands tall and the light can be seen for up to .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
even these early works , done with almost no professional training , show NNP 's sense of design , use of light and shadow , and his VBG interest in the lives of ordinary people .	3	12	VBP	show	shows
i considered the merge targets quite a bit , as NNP certainly is far more popular .	3	4	VBZ	targets	target
this is reflected in the comments of race commentator and cup VBP bruno trouble who VBD , RB boats quickly become attractive once they start winning races !	18	20	VBP	become	becomes
i have no problem with a little name calling as i do on occasion have a sense of humor , and NNP NNP edit summaries are less offensive than some i have seen .	24	25	VBP	are	is
if those studies are real then it might be a wider issue than that .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the 6th album VBZ the 15th year of no brain .	2	3	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
the NN minerals are minerals which contain a NN NN group .	2	3	VBP	are	is
list of diplomatic missions of greece is JJR in scope .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
his major works from the 1980s are his two `` children 's operas '' , where the wild things are and NNP NNP pop !	2	6	VBP	are	is
a note on the title page indicates that this symphony entered the possession of the danish NNP NNP ( probably from NNP ) by 1793 at the latest , with the NN in the paper of the orchestral parts showing the date CD .	1	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the route is divided into two sections at the JJ railway station ; one section is between NNP park and NNP railway station , and other one is from JJ railway station to NNP street .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the incumbent since 2002 is stuart NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's primary competition includes evans NNP , NNP NNP and attack NNP .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the natural and domestic setting thus becomes a NN , such as would have been easy to find in paris .	4	6	VBZ	becomes	become
reading the article will help you understand why a simple list of chronic symptoms is not going to be very accurate , although the list of possible symptoms and JJ damage is there .	24	31	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand clear statements are important too .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in cases where no NN circumstances exist , police officers who desire entry would have to persuade a judge to issue a search warrant .	5	6	VBP	exist	exists
arabian sea is on west of NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the festival features an international selection of contemporary JJ art music .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the first two films feature christopher lee .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
the player VBZ solar laying about the map or by killing NNS , enemy players , or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	collects	collect
the fact that export house is the tallest building in NNP is included in the page list of tallest buildings by united kingdom settlement , which i think covers the only RB notable fact here adequately , and removes the needs for a distinct page .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the origins of the cult of NNP are uncertain , but the name is found in inscriptions from NNP in northern arabia ( across the territory of modern syria and iraq ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP engine is a 2 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN crystal is a highly ordered array of particles which can be formed over a very long range ( from a few NNS to one NN ) in length , and which appear JJ to their atomic or molecular counterparts .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oppose the response section still includes unnecessary NN that does not directly relate to the incident .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include
the theater is also available for JJ to the public .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's production credits include the album real life by jeff carson , the self titled album by the marie sisters , and a letter from death row , a film produced and directed by NNP NNP starring NNP , charlie NNP , and martin NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
NNS also contain water which VBZ bacteria against NN .	0	2	VBP	contain	contains
certainly within organizational boundaries , single sign on is a useful tool because password maintenance is a significant help desk cost per user .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP walking refers to a condition where a person walks on his or her NNS without putting much weight on the NN or any other part of the foot .	8	9	VBZ	walks	walk
NNP including this diff by NNP and diff by NNP and similarity of user names suggests that the two socks are the same person .	19	20	VBP	are	is
but RB or RB , such warnings hardly ever seem to be made , from what i 've seen .	6	9	VBP	seem	seems
the NN tube extends 10 NNS , with a throat dimension of five to six NNS and NNS approximately the same size ; the style branches have a dimension of three to four NNS .	25	26	VBP	have	has
NNP NN helicopters typically require less power to VB and achieve low speed flight as compared to single NN helicopters .	2	4	VBP	require	requires
the test also has protocol and controls for the influence of NNS and pharmaceutical NN factors .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
my first guess is that this question might be difficult to answer without knowing the page , the user , the offense that led to the block , and which administrator did the blocking .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , none of the series 5 episodes survived in colour , and not all of the series 6 episodes currently survive in colour .	19	21	VBP	survive	survives
the newest campus construction is the power center , named in honor of father william patrick power , the university 's first president .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this JJ NN beach is rare and of great conservation importance .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
greatest hits CD this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
length of NNS for JJ oil is .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the drawing shows two NNS , the NN NN was of that proposed by NNP parish church .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
my theory is that one electrical outlet in my room is bad .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the park 's location on lake ontario makes it a perfect stop over for VBG birds along the michigan NNP .	3	7	VBZ	makes	make
the station master 's house survives as a private residence and the NN as a domestic garage .	4	5	VBZ	survives	survive
NNP hill railway station is in the london borough of NNP in south london , very close to the border with NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the call is a rapid JJ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
specific claims about jews and money are virtually entirely examples of NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
traditional filipino shopping areas , while now VBN by more modern shopping NNS , maintain a presence in metro manila .	3	14	VBP	maintain	maintains
i strongly VB when admins do what david did .	4	5	VBP	do	does
this category includes sailors at the 2012 summer olympics in london , united kingdom .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the following morning , the girls receive a message from NNP NNP .	5	6	VBP	receive	receives
the article is still a little too JJ on the whole , but i believe it meets the ga criteria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the country seat of the two colleges is at monte NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP is expected to marry ferdinand and reject NNP 's advances simply because her father wishes it .	14	15	VBZ	wishes	wish
a NNP NNP costume is a woman 's outfit that was briefly JJ from about 1869 to 1875 in britain and the united states .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS say hayes is NN , not a danger hayes ' yearly NNS to be set free are usually met with protest from the victims ' families and NN by the media .	0	1	VBP	say	says
delete film is not notable at this time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these buildings are uniform right down to the door key of each apartment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
since it is happening in the background , the release is not due to a signal , but is random .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a JJ girl named NNP NNP VBZ she has a way of connecting to the world around her , a thousand years before .	2	6	VBZ	imagines	imagine
i think more references should be cited , the lead article needs to be longer and the page could use a cleanup .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
the artist of NNP 's NN makes use on his imagination to create something new in nature , rather than VBG on a certain set of NNS , as lesser artists do .	30	31	VBP	do	does
the public NNS in a number of countries are basically an application of the model used in britain .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the master of science in risk management program for executives is a NNP school of business program .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
my works are like little NNS , interesting little games .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it was the armenian cultural and religious center on various occasions as the JJ cia files say .	15	16	VBP	say	says
each mission takes place during a particular year of the war .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the skeleton of the horse has three major functions in the body .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the origin of the name `` NNP NNP '' comes from JJ written on a NN at NNP 's NN .	1	9	VBZ	comes	come
from my observations , my work is not fictional enough to be featured and that is just fine by me .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the soil has a relatively low ph because of an abundance of NN and organic content .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the problem is that it VBZ a little NN on the end , but the NN does not show up in the NNS section of the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the station marks one end of the baker way , a NN leading to NNP railway station .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
so far , the titles that have been included are those that the `` man in the street '' would call a `` novel '' .	4	9	VBP	are	is
the state highway runs RB with u .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
my only NNS are about the chances of this article successfully reaching npov status .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the chair step VBZ leg movement with a sharp pop on each step , during which the NN of the action leg may raise as high as parallel to the ground , with the lower part of the leg and foot remaining out .	2	3	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
in the sense of the NNP , the NN with only two JJ points and the sphere , all points of which are JJ , are examples of surfaces with minimal and JJ numbers of NNS .	19	22	VBP	are	is
and all the customer has to do is enter that code in to a captive portal .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the current RB home , the NNP NNP , dates from this time .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date
to my mind the explanation of this should be sought in the fact that we , being catholics attended the church where the sweet sounds of organ music are not only JJ but help develop a good ear .	24	28	VBP	are	is
however , the JJ and JJ designation suggests that human music first arose when language , art and other modern NNS developed in the middle or the upper NNP period .	6	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NN , the JJ version of the engineering index , is a comprehensive engineering JJ database .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
this dispute appears to be about whether gang show , a theatrical production in the uk and australia that includes scouts as its cast members , should be included in the external links section of the scouting article .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the four men travel deeper into mexico on isolated dirt roads .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels
that said , perhaps the name of the page is a mere NN dog , being pointed to by those who would seek to prevent me from keeping an JJ diff ( s ) log .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
his japanese name is NNP ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the figure itself is a NN of action masters NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the standard engine used was a NNP NNP NN , but this engine is no longer available and any small RB opposed engine in the range can be used .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the recommended engines for the rebel are the VBG NNP , the NNP NNP and the NNP CD , although NNP et al .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the text of all editions is probably identical , though NN has published a full JJ study .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
white side of night is the third studio album by irish band NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in conflict of interest cases , perception is as important as fact .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this project covers all areas relating to west virginia university .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the main town and seat of the district council is NNP , and other towns in the district include NNP , shannon , and NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
his most JJ work is his JJ and owned comic book series , NNP tales , about a JJ world where NNS and other prehistoric creatures VBP with humans .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
infantry units are also a vital gameplay aspect .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a common example is a farmer that chooses to farm their land rather than rent it to neighbors , VBP the opportunity cost is the JJ profit from VBG .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
still , fair use has rather JJ guidelines .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the NNS have a grey ground colour with JJ scales .	1	2	VBP	have	has
i have no idea if the flag issue is of any relevance here .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in addition , only red buses have NNS , which causes problems when not enough red buses are available ( or RB , red rapid painted buses are used on local service ) .	16	17	VBP	are	is
this smaller ensemble has a longer history than the one outlined above .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the logo is in use on various club websites now , and the club have VBN to its use on wikipedia , however the different licenses etc are confusing and i would like some advice about which is most applicable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ part is purely random ; it can either help the current interest rate VBP from its long term mean or the reverse .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a notable example of one such NN aircraft that uses a JJ wing is the NNP NNP iii .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
an active period of NN begins across the NNP united states and eastern canada , with four large NN spanning five days .	2	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the arms have rows of large marginal plates each with several NNS , but these are not visible from the JJ ( upper ) side .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the report marks the end of investigations regarding NNP alone , though NNS in relation to living people are continuing .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
JJ participation at times is not a major concern for me - even if the candidate logs in once a day and VBZ one speedy candidate , that is helping out .	15	16	VBZ	logs	log
blp violation in that there is nothing in the sourcing which is a reliable source from which to create a blp .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
oppose this candidate has virtually no recent experience VBG with others .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
as for the page size being large , even many established and regular contributors have similarly large pages .	13	14	VBP	have	has
cardiff 's first municipal secondary school was established at howard gardens in 1884 , which became a grammar school in 1941 and was subsequently destroyed by bombing in world war ii , where a NNP campus now stands .	35	37	VBZ	stands	stand
all other transportation NNS , as noted below , require an elevation climb to the top of the NNP mountain .	3	9	VBP	require	requires
an ideal thermal NN produces visible light most RB at temperatures around .	3	4	VBZ	produces	produce
the mayor has an unusual NN in NNP owing to one council member 's decision to switch NN in autumn 2005 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the principal sections into which the tribe is divided are the NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	9	VBP	are	is
i put it back and another editor changes it again with no explanation .	6	7	VBZ	changes	change
probably the most used and correct expressions are `` de NN '' ( `` from abroad '' in english ) or simply `` VB '' ( `` NN '' in english ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is
however , we must know that the eyes have a JJ NN system which VBZ this NN .	7	8	VBP	have	has
the NNP NN cluster occupies the large space between four NN as described in the NNP section .	3	4	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the exact reason for JJ noise relating to JJ processing is still not currently understood , but a great deal of theories have been proposed .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
beyond the fact that the only NN ' that survivors stories are false is that they could n't be proven true , that ideology VBZ the cultural myth that victims make up stories about abuse .	10	11	VBP	are	is
during NN , a NN spends most of its time in increasing its chain length , or NN .	4	5	VBZ	spends	spend
the logo is a small `` a '' letter which is VBN in a bigger `` g '' letter , the `` a '' being part of the `` g '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
based in NNP , ontario , canada , the firm has a global presence as an NN and NN of audio electronic products .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
NNP , this should be a page on her NN , not the individual , if the crime is a JJ historic event ( which that i would question too ) .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
a high temperature power cycle can be VBN at little loss in efficiency , which is critical for use in many regions where water is JJ .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the opening themes are `` breakthrough '' and `` NNP '' by NNP , `` NN NN '' by NNP , `` VBP line '' by NNP , and by short leg summer .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the windows in the NN are slightly larger and have a more complex design .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP equation , VBZ an `` absolute '' value of the air NN surface area .	1	3	VBZ	yields	yield
NNP NNS include NN , behavioral , and psychological NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the game takes place in the original campaign setting of NNP NNP six years after the events in the popular adventure trilogy den NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
these armies have their own sections on the official games workshop sites in the NNP 40 , 000 NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
his campaign NNS - all with battle stars - include the NNP eastern campaign medal , NNP campaign medal and the philippine liberation ribbon .	2	9	VBP	include	includes
your analysis is just that , your own personal subjective analysis .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the concept of the video is about mars having a good time with his NNS doing things like smoking , drinking beer and playing games .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS are generally somewhat higher during 10 pm to 6 am .	0	1	VBP	are	is
he said that `` showing NNP a new song is like showing mount NNP your rock collection .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP life saving club is a small yet highly established club VBG a number of past and present skilled members and competitors .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
CD - 2010 census - sugar city , idaho - accessed JJ is part of the NNP NNP statistical area .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the NN itself constitutes the money , and the money is the NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
JJ infection in the united states appears to be rare .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the writer , it will be seen , makes free use of the new testament .	1	8	VBZ	makes	make
that copyright symbol normally indicates the person did not release anything .	2	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
some scientists attribute this to a mechanism or influence downstream in the JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	attribute	attributes
the discovery in the library at NNP of a manuscript copy written at NNP by NNP , a monk who died in CD , places the original before that date .	1	24	VBZ	places	place
i think this idea has a lot of promise .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
i do think a new name is justified because there is something new in the quantum case , namely violation of bell 's NN , but the mathematics is the same .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
it appears that if any row has JJ sort mode then the whole column is VBN RB .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the election of many officers on a single general ticket , is not compatible with the freedom and NN of the representative system .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
beginning on april 1 , 1941 , all former elementary schools become national schools , and the period of compulsory education is extended to include 6 years of elementary school and 2 years of high school .	10	11	VBP	become	becomes
mills equations , when the NN space is finite JJ but not necessarily compact , though it can often be VBN explicitly .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the nuclear spin energy is so small that it is normally omitted .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
such people are very much in the minority , but they 're a minority it 's hard to be unaware of or JJ to .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the book is an example of NN , as NNP himself appears as a character doing research for a murder mystery set at a NNS ' convention .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the whole festival NNP complex has an area of 20 NNS , the biggest mall in the south of metro manila , with the most number of NNS , and still remains as one of the largest NNS in the philippines .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
it also offers its participants the opportunity to take a NNP in sports and one other additional subject like science in order to help the players gain nationally recognised qualifications at key stage 4 whilst the players develop their playing skills .	36	37	VBP	develop	develops
at present , sixteen clubs compete in the NNP , playing each other in a home and away series .	4	5	VBP	compete	competes
seated in NNP , NNP , this JJ court covers the states of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , rio grande do NNP and NNP .	8	9	VBZ	covers	cover
the college VBZ that the curriculum provided at key stage 4 does not always challenge the most able students and has plans to introduce more appropriate accreditation for these students .	1	2	VBZ	recognises	recognise
the main block is JJ with nave plan and NNP tower at the front , through which the NN is entered .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that person is an architect , urban NN , and author .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
CD but someone tell me what sport this is about .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
at this point a careful reader must ask himself if he has missed something because it is not JJ that two parties are both accused of having the complete guilt for prince charlie 's failure .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the squadron claimed the kill , but the german version of the encounter is either that NNP 's NNP NNP broke up after his NN gear failed and he shot off his own NN , or that he was hit by friendly fire from german NN guns .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the home comprises a rectangular JJ , JJ , brick federal style core building and a rectangular JJ rear wing .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the key values remain at the core of NNP college , manchester and all the many NNP schools and colleges throughout the world .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
the range is 24 kilometers long and on average only 4 kilometers wide .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the whole formation turns 90 degrees to the left and continues to march .	2	3	VBZ	turns	turn
RB , the song is JJ , prominently featuring piano and guitar .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this diff shows a couple comments by me .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the lack of formal legislation establishing cabinet leaves the powers of its members only loosely defined .	1	7	VBZ	leaves	leave
this is a list of the logical fields the template currently supports for type .	9	11	VBZ	supports	support
this is a good example of why the afc process is one of the most JJ projects on wikipedia .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the contrast between the two brothers is one of the main themes of the show .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
his execution remains as controversial today as it was in 2002 .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
after all , the official name of the series is super NNP bros .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the album is available through the itunes store .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
us bomb production is basically JJ until 1948 or so ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their sub categories are not RB complete .	2	3	VBP	are	is
but i think that feeding animals food which is not their normal food causes them to be too JJ on this food , and thus lose the ability , or want to look for their own food .	12	13	VBZ	causes	cause
the ability to perform NNS engineering with NNP over a range that provides a good NN match to NN , makes NNP suitable for solar NN cells .	1	20	VBZ	makes	make
but the presentation needs to be balanced and appropriate .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
carbon NNS ( NNS ) , single molecules , or block NNS are common templates .	7	12	VBP	are	is
vfd discussion a referendum on whether the article is notable or not , not whether notability is a valid reason for deletion .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP program allows cadets to become commissioned 2nd NNP two years earlier than normal NNP cadets and even west point cadets .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
on the other hand , if the norm is greater than the tolerance , NNS through steps JJ are repeated but with an updated NN profile as VBN from NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the article currently appears JJ but the question is whether it can be expanded beyond a stub .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
having seen various disputes in this area , i think it may be best if the community looks at VBG one or both of the editors from adding or removing the term , period .	16	17	VBZ	looks	look
i would have voted delete for almost any other template like this , but the topic of VBG animals is so JJ and unusual , it NNS having a template to give it that much extra attention .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
in 1946 the activity begins again at full-time ; however that magic of the VBG PRP , will never come back .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
since the war the gardens have been run by a committee of local residents as the estate now takes no part in the running .	2	18	VBZ	takes	take
the name is a play on the original world war ii g .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP '' , whereby passengers are carried by road coach from the cities in the north of england to east midlands parkway , where passengers transfer to rail for the service to london .	24	25	VBP	transfer	transfers
NNP 's six colleges offer academic study in the natural and physical sciences , humanities , performing and visual arts , education , engineering , business , NN and technology , with a total of over CD available programs .	3	4	VBP	offer	offers
i imagine the NNP is currently working on a second draft of the NNP ( and NNP ) now that they have VBN out of the way , but the communication channels seem to be JJ for the most part , i .	31	32	VBP	seem	seems
the projects range over many areas , but are all broadly related to the issues of RB VBG , organizing and VBG information , in order to serve diverse communities of users .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
by the way , this is the main reason why episode articles are not often taken to afd .	11	12	VBP	are	is
this home provides a NN into the life of JJ NN rather than a wealthy plantation owner .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
however , the level of detail in some NNS is , in my view , RB NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
some churches have an organ NN at the west end of the church .	1	2	VBP	have	has
redirect to foreign relations of the philippines , article falls within the scope of the article foreign relations of the philippines , and thus if the subject is not independently notable than it should be redirected to its parent subject .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
many NNP junior high school students continue at schools operated by the NNP NNP board of education .	5	6	VBP	continue	continues
established in 1965 , the park centres upon mount NNP and mount NNP , and spans the municipalities of NNP , NNP , and NNP .	5	6	VBZ	centres	centre
the service links NNP in the royal borough of greenwich with north NNP in the london borough of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	links	link
standard types are similar in accuracy to other JJ service NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the 26 JJ species include the false NNP and NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
his book is not used as a reference .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these miniature versions of JJ NNS VBP more light with less power ; they use approximately JJ the energy of the average JJ light NN .	2	6	VBP	emit	emits
the province is the second center of marble industry in turkey after NNP in terms of quantity , variety and quality .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the article currently has no sources and after looking around for a bit i could not come up with anything JJ .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
later , the officers respond to a public NN call .	3	4	VBP	respond	responds
NNP , this page is about current , active concerns , not something from a link to something that happened before the last time someone raised a complaint here .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN forms many double NNS ( NN metal NNS ) when its solution is mixed with JJ solutions of metal NNS and the solution is slowly VBN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the area of the town is .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the springs of the major hungarian rivers are outside the country .	1	7	VBP	are	is
NN NNS become very popular in european cities in the late of 2000s .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
like other plant products , the JJ crop NNS NNP gas as it grows , retaining the carbon and releasing the oxygen .	10	13	VBZ	grows	grow
the NNP example is irrelevant to the current discussion , though the arguments that you try to raise with it already VB your own tendency to VB JJ JJ claims .	12	15	VBP	try	tries
perfect health is the norm , and inhabitants live to very old age while maintaining a JJ appearance .	7	8	VBP	live	lives
ben begins to enjoy his lessons and diane sees potential in him , despite his sometimes JJ and overly emotional NNS about his JJ family , and his history of NN - to diane 's horror he holds a knife to his NN during one of their NNS .	28	37	VBZ	holds	hold
the organisation is open to any young person to join , in addition to their coalition which is open to any organisation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the logs are case sensitive , but maybe your watchlist is not .	1	2	VBP	are	is
those with JJ NNS may be RB infected with the bacteria NNP NN , NNP NN , or NNP NNS , particularly when other health problems are present .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the VBG fossil NNS collect biological remnants before becoming trapped in deep underground NNS .	3	4	VBP	collect	collects
her parents , more concerned with their own issues , believe their daughter is just going through a phase .	1	10	VBP	believe	believes
the reason it 's `` fair use '' is because wikimedia does n't have a free picture .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
due to the NN of troops , her fellow soldiers include a vampire named NNP , a NNP named NNP , and an NNP named NNP .	9	10	VBP	include	includes
in fact , combination of words and physical image is a great mix only if amount of properly sourced text is adequate ( or more than that ) enough to justify an image .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP motorway is six miles west and the nearest railway station is at long NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the opening lead is the first card played in the playing phase of a contract bridge deal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his final , brief appearance is in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it seems they would have arrived around the south west of the county and VBD into the NNS of the central region where the old norse influence is dominant .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the video begins with swift and her band playing a NN guitar , all dressed in JJ clothes .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
members of the praise class continue to serve as NNS and NNS for the church today .	0	5	VBP	continue	continues
this time might take into consideration the age of competitors , how physically demanding the class is and how physically demanding the conditions are .	22	23	VBP	are	is
nearby NNS include NNP to the north , NNP and NNP to the northeast , the district center of NN to the east and NNP NN to the southeast .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
linear NNS produce practically no NNP noise .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
the person is noteworthy and the ny times is not a proper source .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP international short film festival has its own wp page , but the hamburg festival does not .	14	15	VBZ	does	do
the discovery of this certificate appears to have closed the case as far as edinburgh was concerned , but other NNS adopted edinburgh 's position of NN with NN .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
NN was , before cognitive science came around the bend , virtually the only one working on how people really speak .	18	20	VBP	speak	speaks
several ordinary gasoline vehicles from the 2001 and later model years qualify as NNP .	3	11	VBP	qualify	qualifies
a rising city within a JJ NNP de NNP is a NNP inspired development that VBZ the best of the history , culture , architecture , and arts of NNP and people from NNP island .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
commenting on the recently announced second season renewal , uk host jeremy NNP noted , `` top gear is our baby so you can understand why hammond , may and i were JJ about passing it on to the NNS of the us show .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
my work is in a constant state of evolution towards the interpretation of images produced between NN and sleep , nevertheless , i am not a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
her JJ credits include NNP at the bristol old vic , NNP in the NNP , NNP in comedy of errors , NNP in twelfth night and NNP in NNP and NNP at the NNP festival theatre .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the most frequent winner is irish NN NNP , with four awards .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
today the building comprises around 105 one and two bedroom NNS , mostly leased to private NNS on long NNS of 100 years or more .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
an updated article means an updated wikipedia article .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
well the second paragraph just says b is a white dwarf .	3	5	VBZ	says	say
transfer students are also not guaranteed housing , unless transferring from a community college after graduating with their associates .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this sentence needs to link to the previous stuff a little better .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the park has such NNS as NN , NN , NN , VBG , fishing , hiking , horse trails , VBG , VBG areas and swimming .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the building surrounding the towers is the old central bank .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NN of NNP securities ( ross ) is the official record of absolute ownership , legal or beneficial title or interest in NNP .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
when a blocked user makes a sockpuppet and makes an edit , you 're supposed to revert the edit [ .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
as more parts are VBN into the united states , the investigation VBZ and a pattern begins to emerge which points to NNP , france .	15	16	VBZ	begins	begin
pictures without NNS belong at commons ( there is a link to commons at the bottom ) .	0	3	VBP	belong	belongs
it that VBZ you , come join me in the people 's republic where such views are quite rare indeed .	15	16	VBP	are	is
even the best articles here often fail fac .	3	6	VBP	fail	fails
editor of the journal is lisa berry , who is based at the journal 's head office in NNP , london .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the school has a sixth form centre of about CD students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
meetings draw large crowds and on race days the population of NNP doubles and the rail service is VBN with extra trains .	0	1	VBP	draw	draws
yes , the motion is arbitrary , but you need two separate independent arbitrary NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
neighborhoods served by the school include NNP and NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
my starting point is that there should be NN of treatment - either keep them all or delete them all .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP JJ program provides the students with energy industry specific opportunities to gain JJ industry knowledge , establish professional contacts , and develop future employment options .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
a new JJ school building with a teachers ' NN was completed in 1898 ; it had 6 classrooms ( this building remains in good condition and nowadays contains a local NN museum ) .	21	22	VBZ	remains	remain
in may 2008 , NNP attempts himself to add the exact same image to the article , again claiming ( in essence ) that his photo is better .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
natural NNS seem to occur RB throughout the world ; WRB large numbers of plants are being produced , NNS will occur .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
however , i think the article needs to be expanded a bit to provide context on why it is JJ .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
people have articles deleted all the time .	0	1	VBP	have	has
NNS , folk dancers , rope NNS , and square dancers provide additional entertainment venues for festival NNS .	3	11	VBP	provide	provides
the core identity of the article remains through these JJ changes ( see NN or the ship of NNP problem , for example ) .	2	6	VBZ	remains	remain
aboriginal people have a JJ connection with the area .	1	2	VBP	have	has
her later songs are more JJ than her earlier entries and display what could be called either a better command of her instruments or a growing appreciation ( but not complete adoption ) of musical conventions .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the material you deleted in your quote is the most important material , and informs us what the concern of the guideline is .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the shape of the NNP estate forms a complete loop and includes a small row of shops with NNS above .	1	6	VBZ	forms	form
the designers of software NNS aim to facilitate software development by allowing designers and NNS to VB their time to meeting software requirements rather than dealing with the more standard JJ details of providing a working system , thereby reducing overall development time .	1	5	VBP	aim	aims
the new york times archive has 17 results , going back to 1993 .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
dragon man appears in the 1978 fantastic four tv series .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the former hotel site near the mouth of hotel NNP is now a NN for NNP wilderness state park .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the game includes CD cards ( 2 identical sets of 56 ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the temple is first mentioned in a document of CD as `` NNP NNP old NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most populated area is NNP island .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category is for public NNS in philippines .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
note that the article is not yet three hours old .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a class of race for which the official NN VBZ the weight each horse has to carry .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
north dakota is in the central time zone , while the southwest quarter is in the mountain time zone .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
sources are easy to find such as .	0	1	VBP	are	is
it wants it increased to at least CD since most states allow speeds of least CD on highways .	10	11	VBP	allow	allows
the references concerned only rely on NNP because editors know of no better source .	8	9	VBP	know	knows
the condition of the NN is the real basis and point of departure of all social movements of the present because it is the highest and most JJ NN of the social NN existing in our day .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the most important issue relating to these particular photos is whether they are uploaded by the subject .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
today he is a JJ and bent man with JJ eyes and a thin voice , but his spirit is exactly the same as in his hot youth .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
however , the flow is interrupted in the NNP panel , her hand is raised RB as if a barrier to the other panels , while her text is in a straight horizontal rather than curved .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
although you said that the sun times article says that this race will be one of the most watched , notability can not be assigned RB .	7	8	VBZ	says	say
this is when high risk parties and low risk parties choose to pay a different risk premium .	5	10	VBP	choose	chooses
often , the right half of NNP is male and the left is female .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
now , this people mainly identify themselves as ethnic greek .	3	5	VBP	identify	identifies
the building that was NNP high school is now the NNP NNP school , an elementary school in the NNP school district .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
an example is the NNP open NNP monitor or NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if a NN ( image order ) approach to rendering is JJ or too slow for some task , then a JJ ( object order ) approach to rendering may prove useful .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
other characteristics include low center of gravity , large rear wing and an RB VBN body .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
both factions put aside their differences during the JJ war and joined together with captain l .	1	2	VBP	put	puts
in humans and other mammals , dna damage occurs frequently and dna repair processes have evolved to VB .	7	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
compositions she VBD with wells on that album are `` say anything '' , `` silly one '' , `` being in love '' .	0	8	VBP	are	is
RB , as these details are not immediately verifiable from the image .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP road is a regional road in ireland which runs RB from the centre of NNP in county NNP to the NNP national primary road in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
your NNS are only RB JJ !	1	2	VBP	are	is
the VBG language of `` draft '' , `` in progress '' , `` not consensus '' etc is all over the place .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
the district includes 87 contributing buildings and encompasses the historic downtown core of downtown NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
understanding JJ NN is also important to our ability to monitor recent global change .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his desire was to create a NN , as the protagonist does .	10	11	VBZ	does	do
urban families differ from their rural counterparts primarily in being composed largely of wage NNS who look to their work units for the housing , JJ security , and opportunities for a better life that in the countryside are still the responsibility of the family .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
an encyclopedia has entries for all kinds of subjects , even the ones that do n't interest you in person .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the list of JJ men is way too long .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's research interests include landscapes , histories , and agricultural technologies in JJ lands , particularly the american southwest and mexico .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
three volcanic NNS emerge from the lake at various spots .	2	3	VBP	emerge	emerges
pretty sure there 's a reason why us citizens are n't legally VBN to bow to the queen .	8	9	VBP	are	is
once the trunk is fully developed , the NN VBZ `` tail shift '' , in which the tail moves from a NN position to a JJ orientation and NNS through NN degrees relative to the trunk .	18	19	VBZ	moves	move
the phenomenon is opposite to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP city shopping mall opens in NNP , london .	4	5	VBZ	opens	open
its southern border is the american state of north dakota .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article is original , however , it was VBN initially for wikipedia by an experienced patent agent , which may explain why NNP NNP notices the similarity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two men a and b start from west gate .	1	5	VBP	start	starts
although their periods are almost identical , their NNS are very different ; has a highly JJ orbit and moves between .	8	9	VBP	are	is
and for some sites , the users are the revenue .	6	7	VBP	are	is
commuter trains connect NNP to oslo , and makes the NNS close to the train stations ( NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP ) popular residential areas .	1	2	VBP	connect	connects
in contrast to american animation , the script and NNS are created together , and animation begins before the story is finished and while NNS are developing .	15	16	VBZ	begins	begin
i VBP that both translations are acceptable .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this article has the feel and appearance of vanity .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
used in conjunction with a version control system , when tests fail RB , reverting the code to the last version that passed all tests may often be more productive than VBG .	10	11	VBP	fail	fails
stating that the news source defines the movie 's name seems to be a NN of the source .	4	5	VBZ	defines	define
the NNS are pale brown , VBN with JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP ( constituency number 68 ) is one of the eight NNP sabha constituencies located in NNP district .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the group goes at the location and finds NNP who goes by the name of NNP and has a new boyfriend , steven ( barry watson ) .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the possibility that there might be future disputes about content is not a criterion for deletion .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the district provides a mechanism to generate local funds for water quality services to control JJ sources of pollution , such as JJ system maintenance .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
these associations are weak and require additional transcription factors such as members of the NNP family , NNP and NNP to VB gene expression .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in NNP , this is done by every woman whose child is up to six before the new NN festival ( NNP NNP ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
as an NNP member , the club plays against other member clubs across the united states and internationally in JJ matches and in formal and informal tournaments .	6	7	VBZ	plays	play
the rope or line is not only used for holding the aircraft , but it also allows steering the plane .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this painting is an example of henri NNP 's mature decorative style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a salt with a deadly NNP is the second album by female rap trio NNP , released on next plateau records .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the order of the knights of holy judgement tends to attract the NNS who VBP the `` JJ '' part of their dedication to NNP .	1	8	VBZ	tends	tend
if you want to be critical of my view of people who go through coaching , the real would be will NNP be JJR on NNS -- VBP the answer is yes .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
as mentioned previously , JJ competition has great impact on community composition and structure .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
traditional real-time systems make use of NNP ( worst case execution time ) analysis techniques in order to VB what is the maximum time an instance of , for example , a periodic task may VB on the cpu before blocking waiting for the next instance .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
activities are frequently NNS and challenging , often finishing with an evening meal or NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
text articles have their place in an encyclopedia .	1	2	VBP	have	has
both releases include the first ten episodes of the first season , with the episodes being the same on either version .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
these weapons appear in many different sizes , ranging from hand NNS to planet NNS .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
his research project is on central european and NNP energy security issues .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the west palm beach market serves palm beach county and the treasure coast region .	4	5	VBZ	serves	serve
every year the students put on a play or musical , usually involving students from st .	3	4	VBP	put	puts
this system is still commonly used in taiwan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a medical laboratory scientist 's role is to provide accurate laboratory results in a JJ manner .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
release must be called on an interface NN before the NN is JJ or goes out of scope .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
it is not close to the language of the same name to its west , though speakers of both are ethnic NNP .	16	19	VBP	are	is
some articles such as kingston upon hull have multiple entries .	1	7	VBP	have	has
it is not a problem if the references are in the russian language .	7	8	VBP	are	is
JJ rebels - the rebels are the football team of 5th , 6th , 7th and 8th grade students .	1	5	VBP	are	is
according to NNP NNP of tv guide 's movie guide , `` its assertion that religious terrorism is about more than simply faith is food for thought .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
here , a fixed point of a set of maps is a point that is fixed by each map in the set .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
the most popular NNS are the german gauge and austrian gauge railways .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP and NNP whose office is in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the pool in this terrace has nine NNS .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
a concrete barrier means that fires and NNS ( e .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
weak support the picture has good educational value but it is not very attractive .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the popular film on the beach shows the last remnants of humanity in australia VBG the end of the human race after a nuclear war .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show
since NNP and JJ universities tend to contain research departments which are above upper critical mass , their qualities are similar .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the rank of knight bachelor ( NNP ) is a part of the british honours system .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP team does a lot of very JJ , very JJ , and very important work for the site .	2	3	VBZ	does	do
the chief poets whose influence can be detected are the JJ NNP de NNP and of the NNPS NNP da NNP , NNP NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	8	VBP	are	is
this unique arch structure enables the NNS to be made high without needing interior supports .	3	4	VBZ	enables	enable
later , upon returning to the pool area and VBG his guests , robert RB believes the atmosphere is that of an NN , at which point he VBZ and VBZ into the pool , completely JJ .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
a NNP ( NNP ) uprising begins in minnesota as NNP NNP attack white settlements along the minnesota river .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
editors have better things to do than review every last ip edit before it goes live .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the JJ NN pattern represents the structural core of many JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	represents	represent
an advanced form of NN as a result of formation of plaque is NN .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the central band of the japanese maritime NNP force traditionally considers this first group of cadet musicians as the earliest of japan 's naval bands .	2	10	VBZ	considers	consider
VBN then says that these sources are not the only people who have these views .	5	6	VBP	are	is
most information gathered about the location of cape NN snakes is JJ , but the area in which they range is RB diverse .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
nearly all agree that it is possible for the cultural gap to be either too wide or too narrow , but there is wide disagreement as to where the current situation VBZ on that NN .	30	31	VBZ	rests	rest
these events VBP on topics of great importance such as NNS , fluid mechanics , heat transfer with application to NNS , space , NN , the environment and also industrial fluid dynamics .	1	2	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
i think the challenge is more or less over now .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the material on the NNP killer page is stronger .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the simple fact is that NNP is pov pushing in template and article space .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the original manuscript of the novel , held by the victoria and albert museum ( requires NNP flash ) .	2	15	VBZ	requires	require
NN , advice and assistance through the association , members have access to a large resource of information and assistance .	9	10	VBP	have	has
NNP is energy , not all NNS are proteins and NN is a larger subject than energy flow - it is the sum total of chemical reactions occurring in an NN ( that title would a JJ indeed !	6	7	VBP	are	is
eric morris - inside wide NNS coach at washington state 2012 under NNP ; played under NNP at texas tech .	5	6	VBP	coach	coaches
the aim is to take advantage of the rising demand for newer goods and services , which provide NN opportunities outside traditional farming .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rest is in public NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP area 40 , or NNP , is part of the NN in the human brain .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the flowers are JJ , raw or VBN , with the sweet NN increasing the longer the NN is open .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in effect , these facilities act as huge JJ batteries .	4	5	VBP	act	acts
i open up word , go to file , in the JJ menu under enable i change to `` any file '' ; and then i open the NN file but the output is all NN with NNS where every space was .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the end of the NN has a ball attachment which keeps it in place .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
this movie depicts NNP NNP 's life .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
celebrities who have voiced themselves include michael NNP , NNP NNP , jay NNP , robert smith , and the bands NNP and NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
basic edition is the only edition that does not include NNP or NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dance is normally open to the public ; a few series are VBN as `` for experienced dancers '' , but it is typically left to the dancers themselves to decide whether they qualify as experienced .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the show covers news and information .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the best way out of that trap is conduct rfc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the performance opportunities range from orchestral , chamber , to solo performance .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
each section has a different level of recognition , and within those sections the countries are listed per order of recognition .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
ivan NNP ( NNP NNP ) - the movies show ivan more as monarch than man , VBG his struggles to VB russia and his difficulties in VBG the traditional , JJ government .	8	9	VBP	show	shows
crystal palace railway station is in the london borough of NNP in south london .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS are used in jazz and latin music for rhythm , much as a percussion instrument is ; children often use them as a toy music instrument .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
causes of NNS include NN and other NNS of the NN and of the JJ space , and NNP syndrome .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
anyway , i think people have to make the decision if 3rr is to be strictly applied for making unrelated reverts while JJ NN of JJ articles .	4	5	VBP	have	has
when NNP is reluctant to part with the coin , the only thing that is keeping the NNP from VBG them , NNP turns on the NN and VBZ him , so NNP hands her the coin .	12	23	VBZ	turns	turn
the NNP goal is to capture the NNP leader , NNP NNP and bring the NNP war machine to a halt .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a colour difference is JJ between the NNP stone used for the first phase of construction , and the NNP NNS used for the later stages .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the shorter lead is RB better , but it 's way too short and does n't VB the article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many of his changes are actually good ideas , but his execution is JJ , and the volume makes his NN disruptive .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the only sources provided are what the author ( s ) believe to be examples of the phrase 's use .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the 1967 novel dirty story by eric NNP depicts the NNS of the NN petty criminal arthur NNP simpson who takes up a career as a NN for a JJ mining company in central africa .	2	8	VBZ	depicts	depict
NNP NNP JJ NN , five rounds CD NN fired , .	3	6	VBZ	rounds	round
the station 's name comes from the NNP de NNP , a large nearby park that contains a hill with the same name .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
these NNS include pipeline networks for water supply , NN disposal , NN liquid transmission , JJ gas transmission or cable networks for power transmission , VBP data transmission , any other data or signal transmission .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
no addiction is ever a CD shot thing ' ( by definition even i 'd say ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this public interest organization aims at making the of urban NNS from the boston harbor to the NNP dam more attractive , active and accessible to all .	3	4	VBZ	aims	aim
the fruit is an NN about half a NN long including the NN , which is an JJ NN surrounded by JJ scales .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ rule is a rule that says no user may make more than three reverts to any page in a JJ period , so a violation of the 3rr rule is the fourth revert in a JJ period .	26	31	VBZ	is	are
one outlet is at NNP and the second is at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the platform height at most stations is 38 NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this discussion process is not a vote ( it is sometimes referred to as a !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a belief that abortion is a personal issue , and should not be part of government .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP languages include english , the romance languages , bulgarian , macedonian , JJ , chinese and NNP , among others .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
use of too few rings can result not only in the scope moving under NN , but also excessive NN on the scope tube as the gun rolls up under NN .	26	27	VBZ	rolls	roll
the NNP satellites have a JJ construction , comprising a service module , a NNP module and a suite of instruments .	2	3	VBP	have	has
good chance that good sources exist .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
in the years when the award ceremony take place during the celebration of the world science day , the recipient travels to the city where the science day is being celebrated ( 2003 in budapest ) as the guest of unesco .	19	20	VBZ	travels	travel
the young adults on jersey shore think VBN skin is important .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
after crossing the swamp , the highway VBZ us CD on the west edge of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	intersects	intersect
with few exceptions ( such as a JJ power source ) , a wire with only one end attached to a circuit will do nothing ; the pipe remains VBN on the free end , and thus adds nothing to the circuit .	27	28	VBZ	remains	remain
the system 's computer VBZ the input signals , to confirm that the threat is real , and then VBZ a beam of an JJ VBN laser at the incoming object .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
volume 2 is a progressive NN live album by the NNP mountain string band .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the longest open section consists of a leg VBG the western flank of NNP mountain in NNP county , connecting NNP along the NNP lake NN of the little tennessee river with u .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the only agenda is for the truth to be posted for the record , anything not JJ can be removed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
modern NNS typically allow users to save images from the web browser to be used as NN .	1	3	VBP	allow	allows
furthermore , new and relevant questions often arise at the overlap between the research areas , while innovative solutions can be found VBG from the expertise of each respective area .	5	7	VBP	arise	arises
a rice queen is usually a gay male who VBZ or exclusively dates asian men .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
stores located near NNP are NNP , giant tiger , food NNP , real canadian NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the site also has a section for articles and NNS , as well as a discussion forum for its users .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the mine consists of a narrow corridor that winds through the leaf , then moves to the leaf opposite through the NN of the stem .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
JJ and JJ titles really are almost JJ ( yet another issue wikimedia needs to address ) .	3	5	VBP	are	is
os , but my strong guess is that it would work .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's theorem on induced characters implies that all NNP NNS are products of positive and negative integral powers of NNP NNP , and are therefore JJ in the whole complex plane .	2	6	VBZ	implies	imply
a parliamentary election is to take place in nigeria , but is VBN to 4 april as voting materials did not arrive on time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS for the supreme court case have repeatedly been delayed , while her NNS remain imprisoned and her case is pending .	13	14	VBP	remain	remains
such an attitude means that collaboration is unlikely to be helpful to wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
after a JJ battle at the NNS of the amusement park , the criminals lose and the lucky stars receive a place to live back at hong kong as their reward .	13	14	VBP	lose	loses
the 20th century masters project is a modern effort at VBG the classics and VBG them for newer generations to be exposed to and enjoy .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
here miller VBD the traditional connection between liberal democratic politics and the scientific community in which free and JJ speech is licensed , formal modes of criticism are supported , and JJ change and development is a key goal .	32	35	VBZ	is	are
fair use in twins effect IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
a NN in the middle of the NN contains the remains of thomas de NNP , 1st baron NNP ( died CD , although the inscription says CD ) and his wife , elizabeth , daughter of edmund NNP , 3rd earl of march .	25	26	VBZ	says	say
at this time , NNP 's mother tells him of his true NN , and gives him his father 's sword .	6	7	VBZ	tells	tell
in this case , i think you should be very specific as to exactly what information is offensive .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
my original point two years ago stands .	2	6	VBZ	stands	stand
i mostly agree , although i think my reasons are somewhat different .	8	9	VBP	are	is
by its own admission , this article is about a NN that has not become widespread -- wikipedia is not a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the following 27 peaks are the JJ NNS of mexico .	3	4	VBP	are	is
these populations include the urban and JJ areas ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this variety of features is easy to spot with a variety of window placement and sizes , while observation car windows tend to be more uniform in size and placement .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
current NNS of NNP 's turkish NNP include chocolate , NN , NN , and NN .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
because NNS and other features can be VBN down into earlier levels , not all material at the same absolute depth is necessarily of the same age , but close attention has to be paid to the JJ layers .	30	31	VBZ	has	have
the economic base is mainly tourism .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although 's edits seem correct , this edit summary makes it clear that they are not here for valid purposes .	8	9	VBZ	makes	make
this makes the probability function of the NN a tiny NN around the point that travels in a straight line at NN , or a JJ circle , spreading out , if we do n't know where the NN ends up .	38	39	VBZ	ends	end
as the story opens , a JJ NNP finds NN in black music , and is soon hired as a NN in a record store on NNP street in san francisco .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
i do n't see why this article is necessary .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
rugby union in norway is a minor but growing sport .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
as for the rest , the words of the individuals are RB evident from the links i provided .	6	10	VBP	are	is
however , some airports now VBP costs to keep them comparable to `` street prices '' .	3	5	VBP	regulate	regulates
the reference to JJ legislation likely includes JJ legislation and NNS on VBG VBN animals with wild NNS and NNS , or NNS on VBG such NNS , or NNS VBG JJ species whether JJ or crossed with other wild species , such as NNS .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include
NNP zoo - the zoo is first-class .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the station 's motto is `` near and necessary '' ( NNP RB NN , in danish ) , a motto the station tries to fulfill by spreading out reporting to even the smallest town in the area of coverage .	22	23	VBZ	tries	try
some people are notable for one event .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the latest major version of NNP stone is version 4 NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS wear the JJ appropriate to their college and carry the cap appropriate to their year of study .	0	1	VBP	wear	wears
their NNS suggest they either have direct contact with members of the shell to sea campaign , and they have indeed stated they are involved in the campaign .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
typically , a soft count room contains a large table upon which the currency to be counted is placed , known as the `` count table '' .	5	6	VBZ	contains	contain
many delta members continue to be active in NN chapters after graduating from college .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
a JJ translation of the original title is `` life is a novel [ or story , romance ] '' ; in the film the french NN ( or NN ) is attributed to napoleon .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP faction in NNP dynasty has different skills , NNS , NNS and styles of play .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
as his name indicates , he has only one eye .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
in the NNP society , the maternal uncle 's responsibility is more than the parents ' responsibility .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
also , an arbcom case is not the right way to write policy .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this photo is most certainly not among the very , very few that were ever renewed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film shows NNP sitting in boston public garden and VBZ pages from his NN drawings for make way for NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
increased volume leads to increased weight , but this should be VBN by a NN increase in the duration of the thrust of the rocket .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
section editors also write , JJ and edit articles , but they are more VBN in their focus .	1	3	VBP	write	writes
because the train does not have NNS , the whole length of the train is available for passenger seats , including the first car .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
although there are only two NNS on the leg side , they should get relatively little work as long as the NNS maintain a line outside off NN .	21	22	VBP	maintain	maintains
in addition , through their support of more than 100 JJ providing agencies in these communities , up to 16 , 000 more people benefit each week from the NNP ' food assistance .	23	24	VBP	benefit	benefits
ultimately , the jury returns a NN of not guilty .	3	4	VBZ	returns	return
the type locality is NNP mountain in NNP district in NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a package unit is a type of financial instrument that is traded on the london stock exchange under security type code POS ' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each episode focuses on a certain type of restaurant , such as `` NNP '' , `` bars '' , `` JJ '' or `` breakfast '' places that people go to find a certain food specialty .	29	30	VBP	go	goes
the problem here is that science NNP was correct that NNP had VBN his statement ; he was not talking about edit warring on the article but working on a draft of the NN that was on the talk page .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
well , the NNP blog does us fine from a verifiability perspective i should think .	4	5	VBZ	does	do
a tree trunk seems to be in the way .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the study admits however that participation in consensus was measured RB but not RB .	1	2	VBZ	admits	admit
therefore , infinite NNS vary the average power delivered to a device by VBG quickly between on and off states .	3	4	VBP	vary	varies
i hope with some more eyes on the situation that a consensus can be found that this block is not within the NNS of the blocking policy and is in poor taste .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in this model , as quality is JJ NN by the NN ( due to the NN of information ) , NNS exist for the NN to pass off NN goods as JJ ones .	21	22	VBP	exist	exists
NNP constant and NN is the NNP constant .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
differing from the original plan , all photos of those NNS in service show some installations above the NNS ; on the hungarian cars there were NNS , on the romanian cars long VBP tubes .	7	13	VBP	show	shows
he is disappointed , however , to find that his nephew is a useless NN ( presumably don manuel had not paid too much attention to his family history ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
tribal courts maintain much criminal jurisdiction over their members , and because of the NNP fix , over JJ indians regarding crime on tribal land .	1	2	VBP	maintain	maintains
its relation to extant NNS called `` one morning in may '' is unclear .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the town is predominantly catholic , but evangelical churches are VBG up everywhere .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article about a regional geological feature is a stub .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the facility features six richard NNP athletic statues depicting sports played at the center .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
currently , the airport has 33 destinations in 19 different countries .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the JJ system feeds patients into the more sophisticated JJ and JJ hospitals when they are available .	2	3	VBZ	feeds	feed
an easy way for a NN to tell a shark from a NN fish is by looking at the NNS .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the same authors suggest that the deaf community 's NN of the spanish language is very low .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
claiming to have a `` team '' is not an indication of editorial oversight , nor is it any indication that a source is reliable .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
in molecular biology , the NN domain ( csd ) is a protein domain of about 70 amino acids which has been found in JJ and JJ JJ proteins .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
this position on the water makes erie county the only county in pennsylvania to share a border with canada , which is located on the far shore of the lake .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make
the annual festival of NN temple ( NNP NNP ) is a JJ event .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
his exact date of birth is unknown , although it must have been around the year CD .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the criteria used for rating article importance are meant to be a probable indication of how significant the topic is to a reader of literature , and how likely it would be covered in a serious encyclopedia .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
this article is not an official statement of the wikimedia foundation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
jonathan NNP in CD , american funeral NNS VBP this event by several decades .	7	8	VBP	predate	predates
current activity in NNP VBZ around the NN fishing for salmon that occurs every summer .	1	4	VBZ	revolves	revolve
NNS of nasa studying mars planet , concluded that mud NNS of azerbaijan are similar to NNS of the planet for their structure .	10	13	VBP	are	is
the term is not currently notable , and this article as written is not meant to be either encyclopedic or seriously informative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this painting draws attention to an area of my life that is usually not highlighted in art .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
ironically , this is one of the things that requires the admin tools , at least for the NNS and the NN ( the afds will be shown on your contributions page because the afd discussion page that is created remains .	36	40	VBZ	remains	remain
there is always discussion ongoing about fair use images because people always VBP when their images get removed .	10	12	VBP	complain	complains
symptoms of mild NN NN are diverse .	0	5	VBP	are	is
some of them do not have NNS in class rooms in a traditional sense ; students receive their NN via television network , which can either relay a live session from another branch or VBG a JJ session .	15	16	VBP	receive	receives
the NN evidence rule is a common trap for consumers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the city is home to the NNP NNP NNP , as well as a number of museums .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a team consists of eleven players .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
only to VB , almost half the ip edits i see on my watchlist are helpful , often very much so .	8	14	VBP	are	is
most NNS offer them in VBN and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
other european countries fall within the NN of NNP brussels .	2	3	VBP	fall	falls
opinions are not always primary sources .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the book VBZ its author 's support for the political agenda of romanian president NNP NNP , VBN by parliament and VBN by an april 2007 referendum .	1	2	VBZ	expresses	express
when the male VBZ , the NN process is initiated .	2	3	VBZ	responds	respond
things like NNS of NN between astronomical NNS exist in the scientific literature , NN .	0	8	VBP	exist	exists
its main food source is the NN NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ 13 year old is JJ !	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN is intended to help them make decisions about which english language points are suitable for learning at each level of the common european framework of reference for languages ( NNP ) .	13	14	VBP	are	is
in particular , if a theory VBZ NNP NN then the electric charges of all NNS are NNS .	5	6	VBZ	preserves	preserve
you can already convert VBN and JJ NNS , you just have to choose appropriate material systems .	7	11	VBP	have	has
a version called NNP NNP also exists , with JJ versions of the letters a and g , but it is not for sale to the general public .	1	6	VBZ	exists	exist
if the same JJ methods are used rates are more or less the same between countries .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the students come together each morning to read the NNP and NN .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
all NNS owned and affiliated stations read or carry radio live news updates RB or half JJ during their JJ breakfast programmes .	5	6	VBP	read	reads
today the area formerly covered by the reading constituency is within the constituencies of reading east and reading west .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
when used , if the score is moderate to high , further evaluation , and possibly treatment , by a clinical NN is VBN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
he also asked the NNS not to attack the NNP 's county headquarters in the city , stating that the building is NNP 's property and the party is only VBG it .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
this type of NN is most common in no contact and JJ contact fighting .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN signs the marriage contract and agrees to provide the bride with a NN NN ( NN ) .	5	7	VBZ	agrees	agree
a NNP NN is available at NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the term relationship describes what it is , not just a status , which apparently is what the city has viewed it as RB .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
NNP equations are fundamental equations in the theory of embedded NNS in a JJ space , and more generally NNS of JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most historians tend to support the claims that NNP had previously offered his protection to the white elephant , and that short informed him that he did not need his protection .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
to this end , any NNP beer which is sold anywhere else in the world is grey market beer , as no NNS or NNS are supplied with the beer .	6	15	VBZ	is	are
fossils of NNP come from the NNP NNP zone of the NNP group .	0	3	VBP	come	comes
march 1 , 1995 ) was a painter whose work is in the whitney museum of american art , the walker art center , and the denver art museum .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
as is common with arcade games , contact with monsters is instantly fatal , with mr .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
i concluded that little else in life is .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
one theory suggests that it originated with a migration of JJ speakers into the greek peninsula , which is dated to any period between CD bc and CD bc .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the reformed residents belong to NNP parish .	2	3	VBP	belong	belongs
this school is well known in terms of rugby , and in 2011 , the NNP CD team participated in the 8th international NNP CD tournament in NNP , finishing in silver medal position .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
christmas island 's endemic plants include the trees NNP NN , NNP NN and NNP NN NN .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the senior population distribution is CD people or 8 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
but , this leaves out some of the rows in which the second element is the only unique element .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
pregnant females carry between 6 , 000 and 8 , 000 eggs with NNS of 2 .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries
a few NNS reach over .	2	3	VBP	reach	reaches
the bbc , for example , bought his serial fly by night and his radio plays NNP of hercules , oh , NNP when you 're happy , the four specialists and for fear of little men .	14	15	VBZ	plays	play
i agree that the underlying mos dispute is a content dispute , which is why it is JJ here who has the JJ position in it - arbitration and by extension NNP is about conduct , not content .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the same characters are for many purposes pronounced NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the article continues ; `` the results ( of tests on his skeleton ) suggest that the tomb NN ( NNP NNP ) did not come from NNP !	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
since the 1960s , a substantial proportion of the population comes from abroad or the rest of switzerland .	6	10	VBZ	comes	come
it is easier to care for the NNS ; no birds are JJ .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the remaining section is in the same NN , and the reader has no idea why these particular details are being mentioned while other are being excluded .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
just as an example , when port NNP was conquered by nigeria during the NNP war and the NNP people from other parts of NNP fled the territory , a un report says that the NNP decided to claim that the NNP were JJ for convenience .	31	32	VBZ	says	say
the 12 '' version gives a collective running time for the two tracks .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give
on his birthday , NNP 's father sends his son , accompanied by a soldier named NNP , to find the lost NNS from the belt and restore them to it .	6	7	VBZ	sends	send
manufacturing facilities are also likely to have an engineering library to help with VBG and the assembly of complicated parts .	1	2	VBP	are	is
of the film 's sound , the wrote that opposite of the visual quality , `` the sound comes across strongly , '' in that its dialogue `` was always clear , and sound effects JJ .	17	18	VBZ	comes	come
their article is so useful that it is used as reference for the NN in most of the standard tables .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a VBN weapon is a weapon with a blade .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the symphony is a short ( ca .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
scientists report NN of mouse muscle NNS in a way similar to the NN of VBN NNS in NN and NNS .	0	1	VBP	report	reports
they form the loyalty islands province ( province des NNS NNP ) , one of the three provinces of new NNP .	7	8	VBZ	des	de
the land is flat ( mostly RB ) VB west of the city , and more JJ land to the east .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP system starts at order and goes down from there .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
heavy NN driver , mark king is half way through a marathon job .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one point of emphasis is to show that the church was founded by the NNS and its history goes back to that time without a break .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
and 6 points are enough for most people to understand .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as such , the title implies noble intentions .	4	5	VBZ	implies	imply
not every news story that mentions a notable building is notable .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
famous cultural NNS from NNP include the NNP bronze horse ( ) , western NNP NN ( ) , white tower temple ( ) , NNP mountain NNP ( ) , NNP temple tower ( ) , and the NNP shrine ( ) .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
its habitat is dry open NN and NN , edges of cultivation , and suburban gardens .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
reconstruction of the broken NNP NNP NN seems to define the rarely VBN NNP or NNP as the full moon .	0	7	VBZ	seems	seem
one class , animal behavior , requires observation time in the los angeles zoo .	1	6	VBZ	requires	require
the two wrote that , while `` it lacks NNP NNP 's trademark NN '' , the episode takes the plot NNS started in `` NNP '' to their `` logical conclusions '' .	17	18	VBZ	takes	take
membership to the online loyalty association is via a monthly subscription and the association has grown from its inception to include other loyalty sites such as NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
every person , who is JJ to contract , is JJ to transfer property , which can be transferred in whole or in part .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this category includes articles related to the culture and history of lithuanian americans in baltimore , maryland .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
traditional vietnamese NNS remain widely popular , and are often celebrated by JJ vietnamese in western countries .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
the book references football association records , club records , various libraries and record offices , the details of various other club NNS .	1	2	VBZ	references	reference
with the money that the player wins per fight , he or she can go to the store from NN to sunset and upgrade his or her equipment .	5	6	VBZ	wins	win
but the album title is a reasonable search term , i think .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
setting aside whether or not the nominator may or may not have a personal issue with the subject of this article ( i gather he does ) , i think these questions need to be addressed .	31	32	VBP	need	needs
so , by the intervention of none other than st peter himself , the church continues to be present in england .	14	15	VBZ	continues	continue
treatment does not require a doctor 's attention unless the case is severe , with most affected using a JJ NN cream ( NN ) and a NN solution ( NN ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the name `` NNP '' , however , is probably a corruption of the NNP , which means `` bay of the NN '' - this may refer to a snake .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
unlike the diamond , however , these NNS meet , not NN , but NN , forming the egyptian x .	7	8	VBP	meet	meets
many film schools still teach students how to use actual film in their productions , although the NN of digital media in film school NN has VBN RB in recent years .	2	4	VBP	teach	teaches
the NNP border runs over its summit .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
one big and important thing , issue , and matter people often talk and campaign about is human rights .	10	12	VBP	talk	talks
i believe the list of sovereign states represents the actual statute of western NNP better than the actual list of countries .	3	7	VBZ	represents	represent
the district contains a large tourism sector , attracting visitors to the south downs in the north , and the beaches of NNP NNP and NNP in the south , the latter of which holds a prestigious blue flag award .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a wheel that is VBN on the center plane ( the plane JJ to the rotation axis ) causes a JJ NN of the NN .	1	18	VBZ	causes	cause
the municipal government manages a health care clinic , serving JJ residents , on the other hand , the NNP social security institute operates a community clinic .	2	3	VBZ	manages	manage
the band moves into a house in baltimore , maryland , to work on NN with the producer brian NNP .	1	2	VBZ	moves	move
freedom of speech is a constitutional right in the us , neutrality is not RB guaranteed .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the reserve also contains a large variety of ground flora , being known as a NN wood .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
there are eight parishes within the borough , but some areas are JJ and controlled directly by the borough council , which has 44 seats .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the program is pretty strong and capable as it is .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nuclear submarines employ nuclear NNS for this task .	1	2	VBP	employ	employs
however , one NN from a NNP 's `` wheat bread '' NN , gives the RB same experience as a NN of NNP 's white bread .	3	14	VBZ	gives	give
although i realize that the sanctions you propose are the standard thing to do , even though it wo n't change anything , i do n't blame you .	5	8	VBP	are	is
NNP syndrome is a condition characterized by multiple NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the world NNP creates in the first book of the NNP series , is JJ and RB VBN in time .	1	3	VBZ	creates	create
but keeping up with NNP issues , other wiki projects , and life is an NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the distant NNP field formed in this way by the NN of a charge carries energy with it that `` NNS '' away through space , hence the term for it .	3	14	VBZ	carries	carry
it is the NN cloud above the liquid that will burn if the NN 's concentration is between the lower NNP limit ( NNP ) and upper NNP limit ( NNP ) of the JJ liquid .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
both ships survive with only slight damage and mr .	1	2	VBP	survive	survives
wikipedia is not a dictionary - and this article reads like a dictionary definition .	8	9	VBZ	reads	read
the last thing we want is attack pages hanging around for a month .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the new edition has the same isbn number as the original , but is distinguished by a `` 10th anniversary edition '' logo on the lower right of the front cover .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this technique is only possible when an NN already exists for the very same language that is to be compiled .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although the melody of the chorus is unique within the piece , it is in JJ unity with the verses .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP is produced by iron crown enterprises , the same company that produces NNP , but the mechanics of the system are very much simplified in comparison .	17	21	VBP	are	is
internet cases raise several JJ territorial jurisdiction problems .	1	2	VBP	raise	raises
the license tag used for this image identifies the copyright holder as the NN , which does n't VB because it is a NN .	2	7	VBZ	identifies	identify
endorse deletion , no offense to those who worked on it , but the article is still quite promotional in nature , and is rather JJ ( and has never been anything but ) .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the book continues from where the previous book left off .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the team also enjoys moderate success as an inline hockey team , playing in the northern inline hockey league and the irish inline hockey ( roller hockey ) league .	1	3	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
NNP 's rivals , NNP international airport and NNP international airport , are JJ .	2	12	VBP	are	is
NNS ( NN officers in the `` NN '' or VBG area ) are often police or military personnel , ready to handle potentially JJ persons who refuse to VB with first NNS .	3	13	VBP	are	is
it is JJ to open the NN NN cap and stick a NN in there when the car is cold - then start the car and watch the temperature rise .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
support an examination of his contributions reveals that tony is an RB qualified editor who has a sound knowledge of wikipedia policy .	2	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
village of cross keys is a privately owned JJ area of baltimore , maryland .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
for question 1 , the answer is yes .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
RB , division describes two distinct but related settings .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
sounds to us like you need the thought screen helmet .	0	5	VBP	need	needs
various other appearances include mtv 's NNP , cbs 's joan of NNP , the NNP 's NNP , and NNP 's NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
since NNP is acting according to that consensus and not on his own judgement then the past history is irrelevant .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
after 25 , JJ JJ NN process , NNP NNP is available on the charter market .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the bird spends a considerable amount of time on the wing , particularly in JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	spends	spend
the contractor , NNP , provides much of the infrastructure behind television , radio , satellite and wireless communications in the uk .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide
however , neither publication identified who actually came up with the NN so it is JJ that someone like dr .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
another building to the rear of the one facing the street , also 15 NNS long but only one NN high , also dates back to the 17th century in its original form but underwent NNS in the 18th century and again later .	19	23	VBZ	dates	date
the idea that all information VBN within a NN is JJ is JJ .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS are collections of software that are published from the same source with a common purpose .	0	1	VBP	are	is
it appears that taylor 's law is an example of NNP 's law of NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the temple finds mention in NNP , the 7th century 12 volume NNP JJ work by tamil saints , namely NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	finds	find
RB continuous maps turn NNP sequences in NNP into NNP sequences in NNP .	2	3	VBP	turn	turns
these lists that you mentioned are particularly different from the ones i nominated .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the article has JJ begun to be transformed in this direction .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the problem is that you have had a few issues which were discussed above .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many scientists think that these legs evolved because it caught snakes and NNS , so it could keep its distance , similar to the secretary bird of africa .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
the idea is that participants in NNS such as these VBP that any understanding reached could VB universal agreement concerning its universal validity if these NNS could be relieved of the constraints of time and space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the shape which she holds in her hand is a skull .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
his NN actions serve as a contrast to his JJ NN and his NN NN of the dog .	2	3	VBP	serve	serves
if this individual does become notable or if these websites become more reliable or their awards become notable then we can VB .	15	16	VBP	become	becomes
in essence , his math skills are at the level found in someone who is working on a doctorate in math , physics , astronomy and NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the highway becomes orange avenue and turns JJ as the main street through NNP .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
may 2006 ) that this version of the team VBZ NNP .	5	9	VBZ	inhabits	inhabit
the name stems from the fact that an edge of length equal to a NN number can not form the NN of a right angle triangle with NN sides .	1	2	VBZ	stems	stem
part of the problem is , there are no admins reverting , only NNS , so each NN account is getting JJ edits in before getting blocked .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
such rules consist of an original graph , which is to be matched to a NN in the complete state , and a replacing graph , which will replace the matched NN .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
i do n't understand what the issue is about .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a remote camera is a camera placed by a photographer in areas where the photographer generally can not be .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comment the article as it is now is JJ , but this should be done without prejudice against recreation since it seems like an acceptable topic for an article .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the two women usually attempt to get the men to make peace with each other at least once per series .	2	4	VBP	attempt	attempts
this test can be done in an JJ evaluation in an acute injury setting , or in a clinical setting when a patient presents with knee pain .	22	23	VBZ	presents	present
NNS energy supplies electricity , NNP energy supplies gas , NNP provides JJ telephone service , and NNP provides cable service .	8	18	VBZ	provides	provide
it VBZ an important fact -- it 's hard for JJ males to support their perspective without original research because the means of publishing in the society tend to be white male owned and operated .	21	27	VBP	tend	tends
with personnel representing different departments , its partner committee , the metropolitan executive committee , makes some decisions but primarily VBZ the municipal council .	8	15	VBZ	makes	make
however , electronic gaming monthly stated how `` changes to the NN gameplay itself are barely JJ .	8	14	VBP	are	is
the longest road in the country is the highlands highway which links NNP and NNP to the highlands region .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NN of foods to NNS is also common .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
all the article seems to demonstrate is that julia parker is a NN of books with no much impact .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the piece ends in JJ minor , the parallel minor key to where it started ( JJ major ) .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the company still exists , but is mainly only active in the home video distribution of their catalogue of titles .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the virtual training provides participants with opportunities to access information , take part in guided learning NNS , communicate , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
today , the channel only serves a selection of european countries as mtv networks europe began to VB its network in 1997 .	3	5	VBZ	serves	serve
unable to directly access the information , NNP is able to RB VB when and where NNS will form and is able to safely travel through them ( while all attempts by others are fatal ) .	30	33	VBP	are	is
plot section needs to be expanded .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the number of articles that are permanently tagged with some sort of maintenance tag is just ridiculous .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP is one of the JJ in regard to copyright issues , and most JJ NNS have no intention of paying our JJ bills if their invalid NN claim gets us sued .	28	29	VBZ	gets	get
stone NNS stand along with statues of NNS and NNP , the three VBD weapon of NNP .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands
and he certain meets the gng , so the article passes notability policy .	9	10	VBZ	passes	pass
a primary characteristic of the NN gene is the dorsal NN , and most NNS also have visual leg NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are not specific as they range across a number of components in speech and language , indicating that the JJ genetic basis is probably complex .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a NN ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP , at the conjunction of two NNS [ NNP and NNP ] , the god NNP will take his birth as the NNP incarnation and become the son of most eminent NN NNP in village NNP , which local tradition identifies to be this place .	42	43	VBZ	identifies	identify
NNP power systems require JJ NN to convert ac line voltage into dc voltage for the core NNS .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
the assertion is not that pat lee intentionally VBD people out of money .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what JJ writers describe as the active and passive NNS of the spiritual life may be brought under , and arranged according to , their three states of NN , though not confined to any one of them .	2	3	VBP	describe	describes
its business areas are in national and local governments , financial , and NN sectors .	2	3	VBP	are	is
students add to their page the NNP state university NN , and a NNP box .	0	1	VBP	add	adds
a local theatre group are putting on a production of VBG NNP ' , yet problems begin from day one .	15	16	VBP	begin	begins
the daughter of a neighbor NN in the window , sees what is happening , and quickly leaves .	1	10	VBZ	sees	see
this area near the north carolina border is home to NNS and the vacation homes of others from the atlanta area , at and near lake NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the pistol is compatible with factory magazines from the NNP 17 and NNP 18 , with available NNS of 10 , 17 , 19 , and 33 rounds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
india today claims the policy is good for the small indian farmer and the indian consumer .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP limits what details the hospital can VB , but cause of death is generally public information , even for private citizens .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
these views are not the norm in the hard sciences .	1	2	VBP	are	is
our constitution is JJ , and neither knows nor VBZ classes among citizens .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP NN creation platform has 2 steps to create an NN , and most NNS can be created in under five minutes .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
more details appear at NNS of surfaces .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
according to folklore , the reason for the NN of the parish church is that originally the st .	5	13	VBZ	is	are
this point seems possibly to have escaped the NNS and users of the method described here , as of other methods involving VBG NNS .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
everyone 's quality world is different , so naturally when people enter into a relationship their quality world most likely will not match up with their new partner .	10	11	VBP	enter	enters
the notability guideline you site is not a discussion of this , it is instead the basic general guideline .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the new york times wrote that although `` the performers are RB JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i mean his NN that the NNP problem is an engineering problem and should be dealt with by engineers .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
keep - some limited coverage of this footballer exists , the nominator fails to mention that for the last two weeks the guy has been on the NNS bench and it only a matter of time before this person does meet the above criteria .	11	12	VBZ	fails	fail
thus , civil society has a strong presence in the united states and provides an arena through which the government can affect daily life .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NN was extensively used in many building materials , therefore large quantities of NN still remain in buildings that were built prior to the restriction of NN use that applies in many countries .	11	15	VBP	remain	remains
the rest of this stuff is JJ ' put for who knows how long , but we do n't want that to get buried .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the school uses `` cowboys '' solely for men 's sports ; women 's teams and athletes at the school are known as `` NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
of course if you happen to be near a star , then the NN stream is larger and you have a higher t , as google says .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
a NN of this technique uses a NN program to VB through NN , thus making every copy of the document unique .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use
the party spends the winter as guests of the NNP and prepare for an escape in late spring .	1	2	VBZ	spends	spend
if possible , i would like to know if a checkuser is possible , to dig up ( more ) possible NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
in addition to NNP itself , the municipality also includes the communities of NNP , NNP , and NNP .	7	9	VBZ	includes	include
both NNS have a rear NN and NN , and a large NN in the position where a horse 's NN would be .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the soil in the highlands tends to be RB well VBN .	1	5	VBZ	tends	tend
do not delete '' we feel that these attacks are simply vandalism .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the reason NN NNS have VBN is to avoid VBG when the surface of the road is NN or wet .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
this program lets the students keep their own NNS for their middle school career .	1	2	VBZ	lets	let
NNP is VBN with her decision to rescue NNP , not kill him , but faith makes it clear her plan is the only plan .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
directed by shane NNP , the film follows five competitors in the NNP `` NNP nationals '' NN racing circuit , from the scandal of the 2003 NNP nationals , through to the 2005 championships this december in san diego .	6	7	VBZ	follows	follow
NNP also is the home of NNP men 's and women 's basketball and men 's baseball in the spring as well as sports talk all year long on its five NN radio shows .	23	24	VBP	talk	talks
an art gallery opened on the empress deck allowing passengers to view artwork available at NNS held RB , and a new photo gallery on the NNP deck allows passengers to view photos taken by staff NN .	23	28	VBZ	allows	allow
this page , an JJ copy and paste of the 23 may 2006 version , contains no useful history .	1	15	VBZ	contains	contain
the state bird is the american robin .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as mentioned above , the volunteers of NNP NNP are primarily young NNS from diverse ethnic and linguistic backgrounds .	5	9	VBP	are	is
an inherent problem with theoretical NNS of VBG positions , and their a supposed NN , is that they fail to take into account the context in which they are used .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
sale 's local newspaper is the the NNP times , founded in 1861 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
generally accepted as a VBG biography , the book places emma smith into a context that has better explained the trials and NNS of the members of the early latter day saint church .	8	9	VBZ	places	place
the other exceptional lie groups require JJ JJ NNS ) .	4	5	VBP	require	requires
what readers think they are hearing is JJ .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
NNP contacts NNP NNP and isaac NNP , who have escaped the city , and is informed the NNP 's core is at risk of VBG at any moment .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NN 's lack of trust for michael is evident and she can not accept that he is interested in her , not her money .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP language has 10 vowel NNS , 15 JJ NNS , 2 NNS , a few NNS , and 3 JJ clusters .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
NNS go on when VBG up , VBZ put in after the morning NN .	0	1	VBP	go	goes
the cartoons are also notable for their use of children rather than adult voice actors , a technique pioneered by the NNP television NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
exact set lists during this tour are still JJ , due partly to the lack of early live led NNP NN recordings .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the diocese also has two affiliated schools , NNP grammar school and st paul 's anglican grammar school , NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
delete the author provides no evidence of notability .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
this user spends time making the experience of other wikipedia contributors better .	1	2	VBZ	spends	spend
this category contains biography articles that have been assessed as `` mid priority '' on the assessment scale by the biography wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
each fighter has a different explosion formation .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this is due to the fact that the extraordinary wave VBG through a JJ crystal possesses a NNP vector that is not parallel with the NN vector .	9	15	VBZ	possesses	possess
line is a format used by the united states census bureau to describe land attributes such as roads , buildings , rivers , and lakes , as well as areas such as census NNS .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
once the JJ moving carriage has reached the summit and started down the main NN its weight helps pull up the JJ moving carriage .	16	17	VBZ	helps	help
some species have a crest of NNS on their heads .	1	2	VBP	have	has
bass guitarist ( although some images show him playing guitar ) .	5	6	VBP	show	shows
usual powder charges start in excess of .	2	3	VBP	start	starts
the only known host for NNP NNS is humans , however a new species , `` NNP NN has been discovered to cause NN in birds .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
and while success may not bring victory in the NNP wars , failure means certain defeat .	12	13	VBZ	means	mean
if any text is a copyright violation , remove it and link to the original website in your edit summary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the credits are front and centre .	1	2	VBP	are	is
official website '' is a JJ website with very little detail and a few NN NNS , and appears to be registered in NNP , washington .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN problems stem in part from the level of pay , the lack of a pension , the lack of development opportunities and the often JJ availability system .	2	3	VBP	stem	stems
another famous NN of liu NNP has him VB and a NNP NNP arcade game machine drop down and crush his opponent .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the raw conviction rate tells you nothing about the prosecution of corruption , though .	3	4	VBZ	tells	tell
the nearest community of any size to NNP is NNP , oklahoma .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
finally , jim 's coffee NN takes hold of him and the date comes to an JJ end .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
these NNS , like the many recreational NNS , mostly operate for tourists and run around the bay in various locations .	1	10	VBP	operate	operates
the town is sixty kilometers south of prague .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one surprise at the top , during the right season , is the population of lady bugs on the summit .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the main path is just under a mile in length .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this is a prime example , and indeed the NNP leaders are the JJ examples , of a candidate who VBZ significant coverage despite losing , because they tend to lose in a spectacular manner .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the page cites a JJ study only to make vague references to positive effects , and completely VBZ its negative conclusions regarding NN .	1	2	VBZ	cites	cite
the council is the only government body that has members from all three branches of the government , excluding ad FW and advisory bodies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because of this , its sound is a JJ ( and JJ ) departure from trademark NNP sound .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
that building seems RB too strong .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
attached to the NNP NNP , it is the administrative seat of NNP delegation which has 27 , CD inhabitants while the town counts a population of 5 , CD inhabitants .	22	23	VBZ	counts	count
the west side of NNP VBZ into the west inlet of NNP lake , NN into the branch of the NNP river , the hudson river , and into new york bay .	2	5	VBZ	drains	drain
step across the border is more than a just a soundtrack .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
many NNS , but no notable secondary sources cover the topic .	7	8	VBP	cover	covers
the song is about the relationship between singer NNP NNP 's girlfriend 's two dogs and was written in the same key , with the same guitar NN and around the same time as several other songs from phantom power .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to , the earliest known paper about the ham NN theorem , specifically the case of VBG three NNS with a plane , is by .	6	24	VBZ	is	are
like other hospitals in the sisters of providence health system , ( a member of catholic health east , ) mercy is a community of persons committed to being a NN , healing presence within the knowledge corridor metropolitan area .	13	21	VBZ	is	are
in some events , the NNP division is further divided based on gender .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
once users realize that this is the encyclopedia that anyone can edit , they 'll upload the image without having to place VBG NNS everywhere .	1	2	VBP	realize	realizes
in this case the mean velocity is the NNP velocity which is temperature independent .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS , NN to say , are not fortifications .	0	6	VBP	are	is
WDT lacks the JJ JJ stops of the other two dialects , and vowel length usually appears in that environment for speakers of that dialect .	14	16	VBZ	appears	appear
the new center consists of a VBN drop down screen with a high definition NN , a digital hub for VBG and using student personal devices , a JJ NN , and room for VBG machines .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
an unusual NN bridge is also still in existence although being VBN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
now i see that his first name is not the same .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
organisms such as the NN plants NNP worked on , along with many plants and animals , have two NNS for each NN , one inherited from each parent .	0	17	VBP	have	has
the earliest works were in JJ german ( johann martin NNP , NNP NNP ) ; the works of NNP NNP which were published at the same time are in swiss standard german , but use many expressions of JJ german .	17	28	VBP	are	is
a simple way to hear the relationship between these notes is by playing them on a piano keyboard .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the JJ age of the population is 33 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
and the NN responded to VB with frank opinion , experts commonly do that .	10	12	VBP	do	does
that latter article has lots of citation needed , but claims in the czech republic women are granted a three-year , JJ break from work after the birth of a child .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP receptor NN 1 ( NNP ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
i do not have the time that some editors seem to have to mount a more thorough defense , though clearly , the extra time that select editors have placed into attacking me and my contributions has not generated the support for punishment they wanted .	8	9	VBP	seem	seems
if a JJ fan is to operate at a JJ density , then NNS must be made to static pressure and brake NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS pilots were credited with a successful guns kill against one of the JJ fighters .	7	8	VBP	kill	kills
the street is one of the five principal NNS of detroit , which also include michigan , grand river , NNP and jefferson NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN appears to be a new generation of NN ( NNP ) , but is much more sophisticated than any previously discovered NN for VBG use .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
are they VBN in parallel or in series ( as NNP tree lights are ) .	12	13	VBP	are	is
class represents the NN and VBZ a method call .	0	1	VBZ	represents	represent
whether a term is theoretical or not is a JJ matter , because it involves the different ways in which the term gets its meaning ( from a theory or from an observation ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its natural habitats are JJ forests and subtropical or tropical JJ NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the opening of the NNP bus is an important step in this direction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
and the chance aspects of how the car is hidden and how an JJ door is opened are unknown .	3	17	VBP	are	is
NNP replied , `` i do n't think the NNS are any more important than our lives .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the colors may VB off the painting as time goes by , but this technique has the advantages of a longer working time and NN .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
traditional JJ vessels such as NNS and NN NNS benefit from increased lateral stability without VBG speed , and these advantages have been successfully applied in twin hull NNS of the w type .	2	9	VBP	benefit	benefits
his strange parties are , despite all their photographic qualities , put together like a painting by NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
some schemes operate stations across an entire city , serve members only , and are targeted to NNS .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
NN makes the NN and base of the wing pull down .	0	1	VBZ	makes	make
any other suggestions are most welcome .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in the homes and restaurants of the area , typical dishes include corn ball soup , NNS , NN , JJ NN , NN , NN , NN and meat with a chile colorado sauce .	10	11	VBP	include	includes
the NNP track consists of the video of the single , a JJ film and NN .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
first produced in london 's west end starring ian NNP , the play tells the story of max , a gay man in berlin during the NNP republic .	12	13	VBZ	tells	tell
the pursuit brings a couple , NNP and NNP ( NNP NNP and ryan NNP ) into the NN , with NNP being killed by NNP 's men .	1	2	VBZ	brings	bring
local historians also join in when appropriate .	1	3	VBP	join	joins
the equivalent italian term is JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the song features a guest rap by NNP and a sample of barry white 's 1977 song `` playing your game , baby '' .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
mountain laurel branches grow into JJ shapes that VBP NNS .	2	3	VBP	grow	grows
structures article reads , `` it was initially believed that the top of the NN was composed of solid granite blocks ( originally carrying a single track ) .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
classes in math , science , history , language arts , and foreign language are available , along with a variety of NNS and JJ honors and advanced placement ( ap ) level courses .	0	14	VBP	are	is
other people use nothing , VBG their hair only with warm water .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the standard way of RB VBG image data is to use a raw image format .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
a related compound is JJ NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many bands have an NN night at the end of the camp to help build a greater bond between the musicians .	1	2	VBP	have	has
after the event , the NNS celebrate by taking a swim in the river .	5	6	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
NNP only shows NN edits and your account has no deleted edits .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
in addition to NNP NNS , certain supposedly related phenomena are of interest to some in the field of NN , including crop circles , NNP robert NNP has accused NN of having a `` NN explosion '' .	9	10	VBP	are	is
NNS ' television credits include appearances in NNP blue , l .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
because NNP 's reputation is so VBN in their live performances , concert recordings are JJ NNS .	13	14	VBP	are	is
NNP 2004 david NNP protected history of azerbaijan ( NNP edit wars are bad .	11	12	VBP	are	is
this course works closely with students on the performing arts 3 year diploma course and therefore they share many learning and performance experiences together .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
afds set is that this is a controversial topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
we do this when birth dates disagree or when NNS of names differ in sources .	4	5	VBZ	dates	date
many wp articles are summaries of published work - but a legitimate one in an NN ( not JJ NN or NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the many aboriginal versions of this JJ cook ' are rarely oral NNS of encounters with the lieutenant james cook who first VBD and VBD australia 's east coast on the NNP NNP NNP in CD .	3	9	VBP	are	is
the links are there if people want to examine the theory .	5	6	VBP	want	wants
no longer the host of any tennis tournament at the atp or NNP level , the venue 's future is unclear .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
thank you to VB for nominating me ; i 've been considering NN for a while , but knowing that other editors feel i 'd be a good admin is encouraging .	21	22	VBP	feel	feels
the opposite of this is true for NNS in employment .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
additional JJ figures in japan include the JJ NNP ( `` RB spider '' or `` JJ spider '' ) which is portrayed as being able to transform into a JJ woman .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
these events range from night clubs ( large and small ) to music festivals with more than 100 , 000 people .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the main industry on the island is sugar NN production , especially in the north .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the park presents a NN endemic to the area of the sierra nevada de santa NNP mountain range presenting a variety of NNS ( mountain climate ) and geography that ranges from JJ sea level to 900 meters above sea level .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
also , even when NNS have a limited tenure provision in place , often funding NNS force them to VB NN earlier than the original arrangements provided for .	4	5	VBP	have	has
VBN NN disorder ( NNP ) is an NN disorder that is characterized by excessive , JJ , JJ and often JJ worry about everyday things that is JJ to the actual source of worry .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
RB , this article resides at the singular `` [ [ NN ] ] '' , with the plural as a redirect .	3	4	VBZ	resides	reside
mental health professionals have a duty to protect specific persons who were threatened by their patients .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the cathedral was built by settlers from the NNP islands , for this reason the interior is a picture of the virgin of NNP , the NN of the NNP islands .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this image is a cover of the album exclusively for my friends ( box set ) by oscar peterson .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the output from the counter VBZ what bit from the NN input should be sent to the output y , ( the NN of which is sent to the output NNP .	1	5	VBZ	selects	select
the sole record of the NNP and their towns is their mention by NNP in c .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
i do not believe that her complaints have any merit whatsoever and she should focus on VBG based on facts that would be more constructive for all concerned .	6	7	VBP	have	has
industry and construction account for approximately JJ of NNP and labor , while agriculture is responsible for 2 .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
at this point , pa CD forms a NN with pa CD and the two routes head east on NNPS valley road , passing through a mix of farms and woods and crossing into NNP township .	15	16	VBP	head	heads
NNP is the largest village in this block , people of this village are JJ NNP from NNP during NNP period .	9	13	VBP	are	is
in this case , the field for comparison is history , where an NN of 2 is surely too low .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
NNS and wings are to be read as JJ NNS to NNS , as each book follows different characters through ( mostly ) JJ events .	15	16	VBZ	follows	follow
NNP 's role in the crime is in dispute , even by the police .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the crown NN of spain 's next decade of infrastructure construction is the spanish high speed rail network , NNP NNP NNP ave .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP structure comprises roughly JJ NNS of JJ JJ JJ NNS of around 0 .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
when somebody VBZ a crime against the laws of two different states , then to determine whether the the states constitute two different NNS or just one , one must consider whether the state governments `` draw their authority to VB the NN from distinct sources of power .	34	36	VBP	draw	draws
for NNP NNP , every year is different , and after a NN is selected , it is VBN and taken to a JJ crush facility to be VBN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
to other people , the crow seems to be nothing more than a common bird ; but the crow is capable of speaking to the NN , often helping guide them to exact their revenge .	5	6	VBZ	seems	seem
other schools offer seventh grade to twelfth grade ( 7 12 ) at the same institution and are referred to as NNP NNP ( ) .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
grass grows from the bottom though .	0	1	VBZ	grows	grow
some scholars believe NNP to have been a real person , others that he was an invention of NNP 's ; there is nothing allowing a firm conclusion either way .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
NNS are able to move between the NNS after a set period of time and training .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP ( JJ NNP ) ( born 24 october 1984 ) is an indian author whose critically acclaimed book the NNP 's daughter is about JJ people and their culture .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
the primary approach is on runway 23 , which has a JJ precision approach path NNP system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB related pages are quite controversial .	2	3	VBP	are	is
allmusic awarded the album 3 stars stating `` the NNS are mostly pretty brief and instantly JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i submit without complaint and blame any NN that the royal government VBZ necessary to exercise to me , '' and he adds that NN .	11	12	VBZ	deems	deem
the JJ side of the fruit is green when NN , red when NN , and the inside is red or deep pink .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the dates for NNP 's NNS are JJ ; t .	1	6	VBP	are	is
a typical and important example is JJ ordering .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
while the information in the NNP book is still accessible today , there were great fears that the NN of the NNP project would become JJ as computers capable of reading the format had become rare and drives capable of VBG the NN even NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
as to the rest of the article , one definite problem is the lack of links to other articles .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the VBN flying fox 's natural diet is JJ fruits , JJ zone flowers , and flowers from NNP ( primarily NNP and NNP species ) and fruits from the NNP ( NNS ) and NNP ( primarily NNP ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
software applications are products and fall under wikipedia 's criteria on advertisement .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , most researchers are reluctant to accept the existence of a NN relationship between enzyme functionality and clinical NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP VBP NN is a derivative of NNP which has been found by the NNP as an apparent controlled substance NN of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only exception to this is wilson 's NN ; while wilson at first says positive things about house , he goes on to call house NN and `` an NN , '' and then explains how he believes house ultimately never VBN about his friends or associates .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in warehouse 13 , the characters use a prototype NN said to have been invented by NNP .	5	6	VBP	use	uses
this kind of ideal is what VBZ vandals .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
an online search for the terms `` gold billion '' or `` golden billion '' suggest that the term is little known in the JJ world .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NN plants generate both electricity and heat from the same power source , thus improving upon the energy efficiency of most power plants , which waste the energy generated as heat .	1	2	VBP	generate	generates
the pieces are cast and the resulting combination is looked up in the text of the VBG for what fortune the combination means .	21	22	VBZ	means	mean
when a NN visits ronnie , she is surprised at how quickly james 's club foot appears to have gone .	15	16	VBZ	appears	appear
the diff seems to look fine when viewed through NNS , so it must be something wrong with the JJ diff rendering .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the river is remote and not accessible by road .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
article 79 of the constitution of belarus gives the status of head of state to the president of the republic of belarus .	0	7	VBZ	gives	give
some studies suggest that this drop may be due to the fact that more woman are pursuing careers and obtaining an education .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the NNP core on the NNP has a JJ time NN device , used to escape the NNP in .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
our cause is steadily on the increase '' in rose , pp .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
prominent banks are the state bank of NNP ( with NNP ) , catholic syrian bank and the NNP NNP society bank .	1	2	VBP	are	is
but apart from one explicit claim of conspiracy , the rest of the discussion is about essentially open industry NN , so the section is broken .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
in this round , contestants RB select a vowel or NN ( each chosen NN from all possible NNS or NNS ) until ten letters ( nine until april 4 , 2010 ) have been chosen .	4	6	VBP	select	selects
then i showed again , not in words but in action , that , if it 's not NN of me to say so , death is something i could n't care less about , but that my whole concern is not to do anything JJ or JJ .	39	40	VBZ	is	are
programs include `` NNP a NN '' , a show where a viewer calls in for gift NNS , and `` NNP today '' , a local program dealing with issues involving the city .	12	13	VBZ	calls	call
an average run is approximately CD vertical feet and the longest is approximately CD vertical feet .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the film begins with an extended dinner party that quickly becomes a NN over the meaning and value of marriage .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the trunk is long and the NNS are relatively short .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP ( born august 4 , 1944 cleveland , ohio ) is an american writer , lecturer , record producer , and JJ whose primary focus is classical piano performance documented on recordings from ( or having to do with ) the romantic era .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP all the best in his career , the fact is that unless one can provide reliable and significant third-party coverage ( and no , imdb does not count as significant ) , i 'm afraid there 's no point in keeping the article .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a first down is a first down on the line and does not have to be yards over the line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the wine is likely safe to drink if it has a good seal with the cork .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you do n't really need to agree - my statement follows directly from the definition of a normal number , so there is n't much to disagree with !	9	10	VBZ	follows	follow
currently the only things it has that have the appearance of being sources are links to its own site and NNS to a local web hosting service .	3	13	VBP	are	is
students develop a project and document their progress through the project .	0	1	VBP	develop	develops
the only urban area in NNP is the JJ urban area of NNP , which contained 10 , 900 inhabitants in 2001 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a NN program covers the subject matter that roughly corresponds to the additional year of high school given elsewhere in canada in preparation for a chosen field in university ( sciences , humanities , commerce or arts ) .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the rainbow jersey helps make a world champion easier to spot for spectators , but it also has the effect of making the NN more visible to other competitors , particularly in road racing situations .	2	3	VBZ	helps	help
understanding the cultural diversity of the batch , special regional dishes are also a part of the weekly mess menu .	10	11	VBP	are	is
however , since then new information has come to light which suggests a second debate is necessary .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the city is the sixth most JJ of the country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the core of the program consists of meetings between young NNS from all over the world , who are taken care for by the italian NNP youth and are hosted by the local authorities , and local students from primary and high schools .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist
the school operates under the authority of the new jersey department of education and has been accredited by the middle states association of colleges and schools commission on secondary schools since 1939 .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
terms are for 3 years with the next appointment occurring may 31 , 2012 .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the village of NNP NNP is one of the oldest communities in isle NNP , in cape NNP , dating back to the 18th century .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another possibility is that all NNS would be screened .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my sister is 24 and just lost her 4 baby during her pregnancy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only thing close to a landmark is `` the ship inn '' , which is located RB , by the village green .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
an JJ citizen , his only negative NN is his JJ nature .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
that is n't to say that NNS are n't sometimes necessary , but when they are it is because some establishment has sat on all possibility of reform .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the author of the page claims to be NNP 's grandson , which is where the information comes from .	16	17	VBZ	comes	come
mall of NNP is an enclosed shopping mall in NNP , texas .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
however , only members producing NNP or NNP ( a type of NNP ) are eligible for this scheme .	3	14	VBP	are	is
this category includes articles on future nuclear power stations that are not yet under construction .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
by the 21st century , the NNP organization 's JJ list of the 500 fastest NNS often includes many clusters , e .	10	17	VBZ	includes	include
the cave still exists below the church on the main plaza of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the blog features a regular list of contributors , including NNP NNP , and guest authors , such as NNP NNP , christopher NNP and s .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
fair use in NNP NNP NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
a salt and NN mix gives them the NN .	1	5	VBZ	gives	give
terrorism article ends up being our main ref for this , we should probably move the article to NN , which is how that writer ( who appears to have coined the term for his article ) spells it .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
to the contrary , if a problem is JJ , then any small error in the data will grow to be a large error .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
it seems appropriate to use this ( or a similar ) mechanism to have the NNP election maps use the appropriate party colors , e .	17	18	VBP	use	uses
your personal attacks are mostly JJ and are completely inappropriate .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his father VBZ this because he was such a better worker .	1	2	VBZ	regrets	regret
the school has a NN , primary school and secondary school ; pupils can attend from 2 years old to 18 years old .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NN NNS cover a wide variety of types , often depending on the author 's preference .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
other programs include short term management development programs and those JJ to the requirements of specific companies .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NNP books describe the plan of the temple to be square .	2	3	VBP	describe	describes
a domain name represents an internet protocol ( ip ) resource .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent
variations include JJ and cheese NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
in 2009 , only three NN communities had legal status and own land , the NN community and has legal status and allocated land without legal property ( NNP , 2004 ) with a total of 25 , CD NNS .	16	18	VBZ	has	have
women want sons , but this does not mean that they do not love their daughters .	0	1	VBP	want	wants
other related artists include the NNP NNP , emergency broadcast network , escape mechanism , NNP , john NNP , people like us and the NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the song is one of several that reflects their VBG NN of the time , with lyrics similar to those found in western music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
canada ; therefore , the JJ age is 41 .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in the autumn of 2008 , NNP sports used `` what gods are these '' , from the album do n't wan na die , in the soundtrack of their football game fifa CD .	11	12	VBP	Are	Is
israeli is de NN for large parts of the european left , JJ ( and JJ ) views are part and NN of the american JJ NN , such that we should treat such sources with far greater care than is being done here .	17	18	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP own VBG competition , the `` golden shoe '' is the show 's light NN on the golden boot award given to the top scorer in a league or competition .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
females produce an average of six NNS per year and there are two to five ( average 3 .	0	1	VBP	produce	produces
this state highway VBZ numerous cities and villages NNP .	2	3	VBZ	touches	touch
the astronomical ceiling in the tomb of NNP vi VBZ the RB `` death '' and `` NN '' of the sun as being VBN by NNP , goddess of the sky , and NN from her NN as NNP .	2	9	VBZ	portrays	portray
one solution has a concentration of 0 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i would have suggested doing that , or done it for that matter , except that the current content of the page is completely irrelevant .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
the local trains on the NNP in austria cross the area of hungary at NNP .	2	8	VBP	cross	crosses
the local name for tea , in NNP , is JJ ( written as ) .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the league match against sun NNP on 18 september 2010 is the JJ official match of NNP NNP 's career .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's total number of towers is also significant .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN is a JJ extension VBN to the main NN chamber , referred to as a de NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is similarly true for the member 's NN , if a member VBZ that their condition is JJ , but a physician has found the NN to be good , this is also NN of the physician 's authority .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
other NNS are archbishop NNP NNP NNP , archbishop john NNP who also met NNP NNP and NNP NNP at NNP and says he taught NNP NNP NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
sufficient content is already present there and at william norman NNP ( afd by same nom , which should be kept ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
anne NNP , and see if the notation about NNP makes any sense , rather than to try and track down lady ann NNP .	7	10	VBZ	makes	make
route 1 , the JJ point along that highway is in NNP , maine , but its JJS point along the coast , depending on how you define the coast , would be NNP , maine .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the bbc page is about it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the state 's senior ( class i ) senator , since january 2013 , is democrat elizabeth warren .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
the month ends with manchester united already nine points clear of JJ liverpool .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
but merge seems a bit RB , since the activities of the trust are different from a discussion of the forest itself .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
around 500 workers at the NNP oil NN face new uncertainty over their future after total said it needs to sell the site '' .	2	8	VBP	face	faces
while the japanese version is somewhat common , the english version is not .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP species have a JJ root system and are quite sensitive to soil conditions , VBG RB VBG NN based soils with minimal NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
each paid NNP session includes full internet access .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
some NNS like the german models 24 , 39 , and 43 have NNS .	1	12	VBP	have	has
NNP blades are more JJ than their JJ counterparts , and carry a greater risk of JJ blade failure .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , a few individuals are instead light gray with irregular darker VBG made from fine NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
both units are near the NN and the NN is nearly flat .	1	2	VBP	are	is
female NNS are typically two , and can be JJ and JJ , or JJ and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
what is generally recognized is that naked VBG tends to happen when shares are difficult to VB .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the CD , JJ charlotte track is arguably the heart and soul of nascar .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
factors of design other than JJ angle also contribute to JJ effect .	0	8	VBP	contribute	contributes
the island spans an area of and rises to an elevation of at its highest point .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
now , if you were to were to try hard and really focus on something in detail out there with your JJ vision , you might be VBG your eyes because that type of vision is actually very weak .	32	35	VBZ	is	are
rock CC roll is about what happens at the weekend .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some admins are JJR to block than others over perceived NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the biggest problem is the NN between lists .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the sound of hal is mainly a JJ digital beat at the edge where the electric guitars are used a lot , as a special feature and NN in their arrangements .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the symbol of the NN NNS is still on czech young scouts NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the climb from NNP to the NNP runs past an open air museum dedicated to slavic settlement in the region and also past the path leading to the NNP open air stage .	1	7	VBZ	runs	run
the energy NNP in this usage the word energy has several NNS .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
positive NN methods work best with this breed .	2	3	VBP	work	works
the fact that he recently died is tragic , but is not the reason to keep the page .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the description sheet gives NNS from each clue to the control point .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
catch dogs physically take hold of the NN , typically VBG the base of the NN 's ear .	1	3	VBP	take	takes
it VBZ the numerous fighters present within the game .	4	5	VBP	present	presents
a personal name typically comprises an individual 's given name ( VBN at birth or at a young age ) plus their family name .	2	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
NNP treatment is notably valuable for treating VBN , isolated , solid NNS before they spread to other NNS and to the rest of the body .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
jewish historians , so this list is now redundant .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in scholarship , a secondary source is a document or recording that relates or discusses information originally presented elsewhere .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
for example , NNP the goal in the NNS task is to construct a stick of a particular desired length given three stick lengths from which to build ( there is an unlimited supply of NNS of each length ) .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
sometimes someone feels an article should be deleted , but thinks a discussion is appropriate .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NN is that the data in one of them is clearly able to be VBN from the data in the other two , since it involves real plant NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the gross signs of infection include NN and NN NNS because of NN of the NN and a pale JJ JJ NN .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the only other time this occurs is highways which are numbered from highways from other states which continue into missouri and the numbering is retained .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
this category is for pages about names used by more than one ship of the german navy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its authority is vague and the prime minister is not VBN to accept its recommendations , unlike with those of the attorney general , for example .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the very fact that there was a book written about this concept ( the book has its own wikipedia article ) argues for its distinct notability .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's website also claims that they are committed to providing green jobs to the JJ neighborhood surrounding their offices and plant .	2	4	VBZ	claims	claim
my hosting service is n't happy with the situation , but they 're standing by me until they get a court order '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as of 2008 , this line is in working condition up to NNP NNP station only .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
after about 8 minutes and 40 seconds in the video , the author of metro CD and metro CD reveals that there is going to be a new book set in the metro universe , called metro CD .	12	19	VBZ	reveals	reveal
in 2010 lawrence NNP filed a class action suit against NNP claiming that it does not adequately inform customers of the low probability of a positive outcome or that most customers lose money overall .	30	31	VBP	lose	loses
because the actual editing issues are the same in terms of content and format , the issue becomes more how to access editing in mobile mode , how to display wikimedia foundation NN in mobile mode , various NN that are available , etc .	16	17	VBZ	becomes	become
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are NN , NNP , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are JJ NN , a , and NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the thing that moves us to pride or VB is not the mere mechanical reflection of PRP , but an JJ NN , the JJ effect of this reflection upon another 's mind .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
my other suggestion is to use NNP to VB a partition on your flash drive .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the hotel guests love florida , but not the hotel .	2	3	VBP	love	loves
the movie also contains a cover of scott walker 's `` 30 century man '' performed by the NNP seen .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the candidate 's areas of interest seem to be mainly technical , and i should expect that , as an admin , they would join the top NN of JJ admins , given their professional background ( judging by their userpage ) and extensive bot experience .	3	6	VBP	seem	seems
in addition to its academic programs , the college has many sports teams that the students play on .	15	16	VBP	play	plays
strong delete the article is still a NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ stages ) , but their JJ record , as represented by JJ black NNS , appears more JJ , being RB represented in the atlantic and neighboring areas , and some researchers relate them to particular local conditions rather than being forced by global change .	32	33	VBP	relate	relates
JJ NNS operate on JJ distribution systems , up to about 35 NN .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
i still believe that deletion is the JJS course of action .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the lake 's largest NNS are the jordan river , feeding into the south arm at east jordan , and the NNP river , flowing into the main basin from the east at NNP city .	4	5	VBP	are	is
first , i agree with the nom in that the article as it now exists is mostly personal analysis , if it were to stay , it would have to be entirely changed .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
one girl ( NNP NNP ) VBZ her NN over the situation .	1	6	VBZ	expresses	express
the point of view is in the subject of the article , not the wikipedia article .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
examples of state NN include VBN government agencies ( agencies organized along corporate and business management practices ) and states that own controlling shares of publicly listed corporations , effectively acting as a large NN or a NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
mature rams range in weight from CD to CD pounds ( 102 to 125 NN ) .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
however , no sources are provided supporting the claims that these `` marginal states '' satisfy the criteria , and in fact i suspect that it might not be possible to verify these claims .	13	15	VBP	satisfy	satisfies
the movie features a NN performance by eddie albert as a JJ villain .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the NNP NN has detected a ratio of carbon NNS in titans atmosphere that suggests that the planet is RB active .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
i have no problem with the NN of major activity - some people take time to find their NN in the project .	12	13	VBP	take	takes
ignore all rules , VBP administrators think NN goes both ways .	5	6	VBP	think	thinks
these programs include at least a college algebra and NN course and , if needed , one or two basic science courses at any accredited school .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP equation from basic JJ state equations is RB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ JJ people include the NNP and the NNP , as an example ) people in eastern NNP in october 1997 , a huge movement of refugees began which brought more than 600 , 000 back to NNP in the last two weeks of november .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
however , more recent lds publications have provided instructions for how to dress the deceased when they have received their temple NNS ( and thus wear temple NNS ) prior to NN for those VBG to do so , or in countries where the law requires NN .	44	45	VBZ	requires	require
other claims to fame are the founding of the NNP conferences organization and the fact that the NNP was the first organisation to have NNP NNP be a speaker on a conference outside finland .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NNP NNS using NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP f include NNP NNP support .	1	12	VBP	include	includes
JJ was declined in 2007 on the argument that this model was never actually sold in the us ; however , the article also states that it did become available elsewhere , in hong kong , so free alternatives are possible .	38	39	VBP	are	is
with the NN that i do not believe that each and every example offered in evidence is a violation , nor do i believe that occasional violations of our very complex NN and JJ policies and their interpretations constitutes VBP .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
farmers often find these RB more effective than poison in keeping down NN NNS , and they can encourage barn NNP NN by providing nest sites .	0	2	VBP	find	finds
this is clearly an ad NN and demonstrates that the article subject is secondary .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
its high silicon content allows the NN to keep its qualities through time .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
the wheel appears as a large red , VBD wheel VBG in the sky .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the remaining one is to last .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
worse , NNP 's girlfriend , robin , shows up at NNP 's apartment , accusing her of NN .	4	8	VBZ	shows	show
government of the united states regards it as proper to establish conservation zones in those areas of the high seas JJ to the NNS of the united states VBP fishing activities have been or in the future may be developed and maintained on a substantial scale .	0	5	VBZ	regards	regard
no map is given for the JJ fortress , but instead the adventure uses a flow chart .	12	13	VBZ	uses	use
google search shows no reliable sources for this supposed `` song '' ; this is most likely a hoax .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
however , these critics too can not agree on what then are `` true '' children expressing themselves , and which books are therefore `` good '' for them .	21	22	VBP	are	is
that map seems to be from here .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the energy conversion efficiency of the device is 1 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this should be taken into account as , if the user in question is indeed michael NNP , it would be a case of conflict of interest .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
an example of this is the NNP 800 crash .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the cover illustrations are by jan NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as of december 2009 , the town has a population of 3 , CD inhabitants .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
as mentioned above , these equations assume that the NNP is JJ .	5	6	VBP	assume	assumes
i 'm not familiar with how wikipedia works or how to input any data , so hopefully this method is ok .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the three buildings are examples of modern architecture .	2	3	VBP	are	is
JJ questions to NNP why the department are n't trying to help as more news cameras come in .	15	16	VBP	come	comes
i 've never understood why you guys have to block NNS .	6	7	VBP	have	has
on august 28 , 2000 , mediation by JJ leader NNP NNP saw the NNS release six western NNS who were taken via a NNP plane first to the united arab NNPS and then to NNP , the capital of libya .	14	15	VBP	release	releases
merge and redirect ( either to racism or racism in the united states , not sure ) , term clearly exists as shown by NN .	18	20	VBZ	exists	exist
just make sure the distance between them is greater than the sum of the NN and this NN and this NN would be realistic .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the station has two side platforms .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
wild game and fish are major protein sources , and smaller animals such as rats , wild NNS , and insects are also sometimes eaten .	11	21	VBP	are	is
hudson 's other professional activities include eight years on the board of directors of the motion picture editor 's guild in 2007 miller partnered with NNP f .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
its cities of the valley are são josé dos NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this arrangement allows tourists to walk to major attractions such as old san juan and the puerto rico convention center district .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
keep on the grounds of meeting the basic criteria , but i think both sides here are perhaps a little too VBN in their comments .	14	16	VBP	are	is
in the brown NN NNP , all four egg cells survive NN , which is an exception to the rule that generally only one product of female NN survives to NN .	9	10	VBP	survive	survives
however , through the use of NNP , digital television NNS display NNP 's virtual channel as 56 .	10	11	VBP	display	displays
the page seems to be there still and bears edits as recent as september , 2007 .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
dates given are of the NN to replace the member who accepted the NNP .	0	2	VBP	are	is
the company 's client list includes over 400 internationally renowned NNS including will NNP , steve NNP , mick NNP , chad smith , jeff NNP ( formerly ) , larry NNP , jr , NNP cool and thomas lang .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
in general , hart 's approach is to ground theology in a NN of the christ , both a NN of jesus 's words and actions , and an account of jesus as performing NN and reduction , especially through the NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
at the north edge of the bay is the big wave NN area , NNP , off JJ point , where NNS challenge waves over 50 feet tall ( 15 m ) .	21	22	VBP	challenge	challenges
during the first two rounds , each team plays each other once home and away for a total of 22 matches .	7	8	VBZ	plays	play
the real answer is that there are lots of different kinds of financial NNS , but they are mostly defined - in any given country - by local regulation and legislation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
our purpose is to bring down the NNS between people in the body of christ , not create NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school has the `` voluntary instruction '' sports promotion program for students in years 5 and 6 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
with fuel gases , the main risk is explosion , and conditions of detection may be different .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a NN and NNP NN , his professional work includes the NNP las vegas 's JJ show le NNP .	8	9	VBZ	includes	include
however , the intervention of a number of characters from the comic series wanted , who had come to steal the god gun , allows dragon to destroy the weapon , VBG NNP 's wish .	3	24	VBZ	allows	allow
the NNPS mine is a large iron mine located in central ukraine in the NNP oblast .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
mar JJ 1998 story continues from new gods ( vol .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
because the birds cover extensive areas while feeding , they are tremendous seed NNS .	2	3	VBP	cover	covers
my personal view on NNP is that it is a respected cultural event and exercise in art and photography that deserves to be documented .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
since flow rates are low and many turns of the valve stem are required to completely open or close , JJ NNS are not used for simple NN applications .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the only requirement for being VBN is you `` use your real name '' or `` we know who you are '' !	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the origin of the term `` JJ '' is the subject of considerable debate .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
a sequel to the popular independent comedy is currently in the early stages .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP class destroyer is a second generation guided missile destroyer , formerly in service with the japan maritime NNP force ( NNP ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
june 1996 ) was a german automobile designer whose most notable cars , the JJ NNP CD and post-war NNP CD , are among the most highly regarded in automotive history .	11	22	VBP	are	is
similar situations exist in many other places .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
as such , i ca n't find any evidence subject meets either the general notability guidelines or the notability guidelines for musicians .	8	10	VBZ	meets	meet
great NNP falls within the north NNP constituency for elections to the house of commons ; the member of parliament is james gray .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
this list is current as of the 2008 parliamentary elections .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its territory is now in central hungary , comprising the territory of the present hungarian county NNP and the northern part of present NNP county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
reference to the upload issues on commons is JJ at best .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
some JJ birds are important NNS , and many NNS play a key role in seed NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in the case of the top NN , the first uncertainty is statistical in nature , and the second is systematic .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
on JJ NNS such as NNP RB , the NNS are easy to observe as they VBP from the inside walls of the NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i do n't want to install it , however , IN i can make sure my boot camp partition is JJ .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNS , like police officers , are eligible to take the promotional civil service NNS for entry into the JJ ranks .	0	6	VBP	are	is
two background dancers appear as left eye wearing red NNS , and NNP wearing white NN .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
entries for nations are in bold type , while those for JJ entities are in normal ( JJ ) type .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the theatre also hosts professionally promoted concerts , local dance NNS , high school NNS , and civic events .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
a NN group is a JJ free radical or JJ structure obtained by removing the JJ NN group from the JJ form of a NN and , by extension , of a lower NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN produces one or more flower heads which bend and VBP as they VBP and especially as the fruit develops .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
NNP lake this reservoir is in the NNS of the coast range , just west of forest grove .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the patient maintains the minute volume settings for NNP x f , no mandatory NNS are delivered .	2	3	VBZ	maintains	maintain
NNP NNP alumni executives include NNP van der NNP , former ceo of royal dutch shell , NNP NNP , fourth chairman of the board of directors of NNP and NNP NNP , co-founder of NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
this individual has no such body of work or impression of impact .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the shield is that of the coat of arms of the CD infantry with the colors reversed to indicate descent from that regiment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP welsh slate company produces VBG NNS and other slate products from NNP , and work also continues at the NNP quarry near NNP .	16	18	VBZ	continues	continue
however , she RB gives him incorrect information that causes NNP to see through the NN and escape , knowing that the first thing she will then do is go and move the book to a new hiding place .	23	28	VBZ	is	are
the technique of NNP NNP is relatively new , and capable of providing unique information on materials in the JJ length scale .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the station has two platforms with a NN at the eastern NN of the line and a water tank at the western end of platform 1 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the female VBZ one NN , but may replace it if the eggs are lost .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
this category contains articles about members of australian drum and bass band NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
for me , just the fact that people would vote for her is significant , even though she only made CD .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
earth , JJ JJ disk is visible in small NNS and its NN is visible in larger instruments .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the most popular folk piece about NNP is `` NNP e NNP NN '' ( `` VB the NN has gone out '' ) , a song from the central NNP that has been recorded in various versions .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the effect is similar to the NN used by jazz musicians .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
betty is too old to have children , and NNP NNP miller VBZ a NN that betty 's child is a NN who is n't in its head .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNS on the face of the cliffs come from the NN VBG out of the rock .	0	7	VBP	come	comes
his great great grandfather was NNP NNP NNP NNP , his grandfather was actor NNP NNP , his JJ NNS are actors NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	19	20	VBP	are	is
NNP 's NNP belt joins the JJ NN and NN top .	3	4	VBZ	joins	join
the lines are painted as the player walks on them .	6	7	VBZ	walks	walk
his principal works are on the grounds and NNP of the laws of this kingdom ( CD ) and the NNP lawyer ( CD ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's secret NNS are about NNS , which are VBN by her older brother will .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the department also holds an award ceremony , VBG students for a job well done during the year they were in the department .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
now , the institution 's organs assist , attend and take care of well over 600 people with NNS .	5	6	VBP	assist	assists
fair point , 92 , but a government exists not just in the legislature ( in fact , in some NNS , they hardly exist in the legislature at all ) .	7	8	VBZ	exists	exist
NNP railway station serves the JJ resort of NNP in lincolnshire , england .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
lineage is a JJ film serving as a NN to NNP 's NNP ii .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
people want to jump in early and make the first buck .	0	1	VBP	want	wants
the NN , JJ elevation has a painted finish .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP plays international cricket as a part of the west indies cricket team , and the NNP team plays first-class cricket against other nations of the caribbean .	17	18	VBZ	plays	play
the great works of NNP include the NN of the dome of the sky and the NN of the NNP .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
NNS use the maps to study historic urban planning designs .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the NNP road covers some of the route near to NNP , the intersection on the NNP at this point is named `` NNP station '' .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the island hosts a diverse habitat ranging from JJ NNS , beaches and sand NNS , NNS , meadows , freshwater NNS , and some JJ area , making for a unique landscape in the province .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
the area is predominantly agricultural and significant geographic features include the NNP river and NNP tank swamp .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
north and east of NNP mountain the landscape drops off dramatically to the flat NNP plateau .	7	8	VBZ	drops	drop
that particular form of political NN seems altogether more likely !	2	6	VBZ	seems	seem
recent NNS suggest that the abundance in the eastern north pacific is indeed very small , perhaps in the tens of animals .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the JJ side of the document contains a letter addressed by three people to an official , VBG him that a NNS named NNP wishes to resign his office on account of his poor health .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
however , NNS with smaller hands tend to throw the NN with their NNS .	2	6	VBP	tend	tends
the army of darkness in more of an JJ role , the NNP version of doom is still ruler of NNP .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
i do think that should be described in the prose somewhere , only briefly , even a sentence would do , just saying that type of game it is , since its basically a separate game with the same name .	24	28	VBZ	is	are
fair use in first encounters from the elite NN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP exhibits VBG JJ life are prominent in NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the JJ forms exist simultaneously with the form and are JJ .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
the roof of houses at NNP displays a unique traditional JJ architecture native to indonesia .	1	6	VBZ	displays	display
in NNP , the literacy rate of NNP people is 16 .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
these early morning trains provide attractive connections at NNP for NNP transit 's northeast corridor services to newark and new york city .	3	4	VBP	provide	provides
this flag has a white background and two horizontal blue stripes , and a blue star of david in the middle .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
therefore , comments to the NN of the article are valid and the NNS of the subject matter are to be taken into consideration .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the other set of coordinates places the fort at NN 37 degrees 29 .	2	5	VBZ	places	place
the advantage of this is that a single character will get more money and level up faster since it is n't being shared with another player .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
project , CD project ) is a group created by american television and radio personality glenn beck .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
NN of powers in parliamentary NNS means that , just like the us a treaty has to get through the houses of parliament .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
lawrence NNP , states that the source of her sudden illness remains a mystery .	6	11	VBZ	remains	remain
in economics , market concentration is a criterion that can be used to rank order various NNS of firms ' shares of the total production ( alternatively , total capacity or total reserves ) in a market .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
their eldest son , rudolf , the 15th and current duke of NNP , is married to alexandra NNP , of the NNP RB lineage ; they have six children .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the object of the game is to fly the rocket up to any of the four ports to pick up NNS ( points ) , fly back down to the starting point and repeat while avoiding enemies and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the music video contains live footage from the chance theater as well as live shots of william NNP singing in front of a JJ JJ apparatus .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the route CD operates monday to friday during peak ( rush hour ) periods only , every NNS .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
second NN is sales NN ( 1 month , up to 3 months ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the road enters hamilton it passes through residential properties , before turning due east , crossing over the great miami river .	2	3	VBZ	enters	enter
martin 's acting roles in the british theater include the world premiere of bent ( 1979 ) , at the royal court in london with sir ian NNP , a season at the bristol old vic , and seasons at london 's old vic and young vic theaters .	3	8	VBP	include	includes
the JJS building in washington is the old post office building , which is high .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
plus , the san diego NNP article addresses a true church directly , and even quotes one of its members rather than just darwin fish .	6	7	VBZ	addresses	address
the film is an australian rules football drama set RB in NNP , victoria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i also feel that certain sections are way too detailed .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in essence , the head of state , usually a monarch or president , is a ceremonial NN who is the theoretical , JJ or de NN source of executive power within the system .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
the line `` as NNS the moon among the lesser fires '' in the second verse of the song is a direct reference to roman poet NNP , pulled NN from NNP , a book of latin JJ poems composed in 23 bc .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
they do not have to give anything over to the NNP or the NNP and return to their communities to live out the teachings in their own home church and families once the period of stay is over .	33	36	VBZ	is	are
however , it would not be a task force with the christianity project group , as the generic title `` medieval NNP '' means that members would look at articles on medieval jewish NNS or on NNPS who lived the medieval world .	18	23	VBZ	means	mean
privately funded medicine leads to greater quality and NNS through increased access to and reduced waiting times for specialized health care services and technologies .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead
very little distinction is present between the flag and coat of arms of the state , as the flag consists of only a red field with the state arms on the upper NN .	18	19	VBZ	consists	consist
at this point , the JJ life begins , and NN takes on a whole other meaning .	6	7	VBZ	begins	begin
the station building still stands today as a private residence .	2	4	VBZ	stands	stand
i took this photo myself , please tell me if the licence tag is incorrect .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the season is directly subsequent to the NNP iii .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this explanation is far simpler , given the JJ difficulties surrounding moral value .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition to being a NN , this person is also a vandal .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
but in normal light levels , our eyes are actually quite a bit less sensitive to blue than to red and green light .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the research papers lead author , NNP NNP suggests further investigation into the resulting cultural collapse and the possibility of another ethnic group VBD the NNP artists .	2	3	VBP	lead	leads
as the temperature becomes much higher , there is a better chance that an JJ reaction will occur because molecules move around faster increasing the NN of the system ( UH ) .	19	20	VBP	move	moves
your second point NNP is true , that should be the case , but the burden is still on the person wanting to include the information .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
those NNS stand in direct contrast to traditional campaigns , which tend to be silent and proprietary about who is VBG .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands
magazine titles need to be in NNS also .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
two cardinals attempt to perform the JJ NN with the silver hammer but NN can locate the proper instrument , so they use a NN hammer instead .	1	2	VBP	attempt	attempts
the story takes place in the JJ land of NNP and VBZ how the inhabitants of that land are saved from their wars by a NN named shiva .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
actually , this sort of thing is exactly what they were made for .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the story ends on a happy note with everyone present explaining NNP about the situation .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
truck and trailer '' occurs when a player carrying the ball leaves a NN , along with one or more of his teammates .	7	11	VBZ	leaves	leave
in fact having sex with multiple partners for a woman makes for an unsuccessful strategy .	1	10	VBZ	makes	make
an additional 2 , CD employees provide support services for the system .	5	6	VBP	provide	provides
the school is next door to the NNP hospital in the north of boston on the NNP , near the NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
modern machines incorporate a NN , NN unit , and patient monitoring devices .	1	2	VBP	incorporate	incorporates
problems related to rapid NN started to plague kolkata from the 1930s and the city remains an example of the NN challenges of the developing nations .	14	15	VBZ	remains	remain
the JJ field of a compact star commonly VBZ in gas from a companion star , thus radiation ( especially x-ray ) is VBN .	2	8	VBZ	pulls	pull
furthermore , the expansion of businesses in the process of competing for markets leads to an abundance of goods and a general fall in their prices , further VBG the tendency for the rate of profit to fall .	3	13	VBZ	leads	lead
the german edition contains an additional chapter on the JJ communist regime in east germany , titled `` die NNP des NNP in der NNP '' .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP bus operators such as NNP coaches and NNP australia now serve towns along the route .	2	11	VBP	serve	serves
in NNP , NNP NNP VBD that the JJS assistant is not JJ if he only has general NNS about NN as opposed to particular NNS regarding specific transactions .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
arthur NNP is on record VBG with me that the ron paul rally is not RB connected to the NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this image is important to and VB the article NNP navigation in which it is displayed , as it provides an immediate relevance to the reader more RB than the JJ description alone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however in terms of social consciousness , this caste is more JJ than any other NNP caste in andhra pradesh and karnataka .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the overall purpose of a crush is to hold an animal still to VB the risk of injury to both the animal and the operator while work on the animal is performed .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if disruptive activity starts again , then we can consider a block .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
reports say that he was with a girl at the time of his death , who may or may not have been this girlfriend .	0	1	VBP	say	says
some NN NNS and military NNS use JJ NNS to eliminate this potential for error .	2	6	VBP	use	uses
on most women , the JJ patch is JJ and lies over the NNS NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the statue depicts two bronze statues of a man and a woman , VBG in a NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
the mainland of the country is the eastern half of new guinea island , where the largest towns are also located , including the capital port NNP and NNP ; other major islands within papua new guinea include new ireland , new britain , NNP and NNP .	32	37	VBP	include	includes
their role is also to VB all deputies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and note , releasing just one known album and a tribute not yet even released is not sufficient sign of notability ; there still is no significant coverage .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
missing numbers are NN which now form NNP NNP NNP district .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP language is JJ and the NNP have used georgian as a language of literacy and trade for centuries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN in NNP is in full swing at this time of year , and outdoor bars , restaurants and NNS become very popular during the daytime .	15	20	VBP	become	becomes
once the back brain is regulated NN can be discontinued and only used in case of NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his feast day is august 19 , the day of his death .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
researchers in structural geology use the lambert JJ projection to plot JJ NNS and faces , NN and NN in rocks , NNS in NNS , and other linear and NN features .	0	4	VBP	use	uses
only references to individual provided by the article are his paid NN from the local paper and the biography from the program for his funeral service .	1	8	VBP	are	is
each NN uses a slightly different subset of NNP NNS for binding .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
questions of this nature are often better placed on project pages ( such as this ) anyway .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the socialist states have in contrast to the NN states an objective interest in peace .	2	3	VBP	have	has
an example of such a `` JJ '' or `` more than perfect NN '' is the `` identical NN '' , in which not only the NNS but also the NNS of the NN NNS are identical , as in gun and begun .	27	36	VBP	are	is
some people write things as hard rules because it is important for others to follow them .	1	2	VBP	write	writes
the program follows a NN model to VB continuity of content and student interaction .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the cure works for a while , and NNP 's NN of NNP proceeds .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
today NNS 's clubs exist throughout the world , predominantly in commonwealth countries and the us .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; 47 children or 6 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
upper NNP has oak street , formerly hosting somewhat larger businesses ( such as NNP ) ; current businesses there range from restaurants and a hardware store to the best known of the neighborhoods live music venues , the maple leaf bar .	18	20	VBP	range	ranges
the earliest known member of the group is NNP NN , from the NNP member of the NNP formation of china , which dates to around CD ma ago , o'connor , j .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
this is , i VBP , completely unnecessary to introducing the new user , and removal makes the page less like an NN .	15	16	VBZ	makes	make
comment as red , NN , and painted have said - this brief mention does not provide enough background to write an article that is not VBN with synthesis and original research , and one brief mention is not enough to meet the gng .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
NNP free local newspapers are rarely fact checked and usually filled with NNS anyway .	3	4	VBP	are	is
it seems to me that NNP 's perfect game is relevant to the extent that it VBD the mets but that most of the material in the NNP section is irrelevant .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
broad programs of study are available that offer specialized courses in all areas of civil engineering .	1	4	VBP	are	is
documents show that NNP was ordered late in july 2008 to stay away from NNP , NNP had been set to give testimony against NNP on august 1 , 2008 .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
also that VBZ that NNP NNP hotel is not this .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP site has a port VBN directly into the limestone to accommodate deep draft vessels needed to ship the limestone to the us .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
its largest user is turkey which has 61 aircraft .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
further NNS , the line leaves the NNP national park , passing the nest of the famous NNP NNP .	4	5	VBZ	leaves	leave
when the power seems to fail , it could still be the NN .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP eventually hands over the keys and the family of NNP , phil , ronnie , NNP , ben and NNP 's baby amy leave on 24 december 2009 .	2	24	VBP	leave	leaves
the other article has just had a speedy keep in response to a proposal for deletion , so this article with almost identical information ( not laid out as well ) and talk page is redundant .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
a common trick is to ask the patient to say the name `` emma , '' as the position of the JJ immediately after completing the word is a rough estimate of the patient 's proper NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the university 's team sports programs include baseball , basketball , football , lacrosse , rugby , soccer , volleyball , and water polo .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
NNP or NN ( , - arrow ) is a popular type of candy sold in the commonwealth of independent states ( NNP ) , primarily in ukraine .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
a machine is a tool that consists of one or more parts , and uses energy to meet a particular goal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these JJ core bands are also usually VBN since they remain filled with electrons at all times , and are therefore JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
it is common to not include any house value in the NN of this necessary NN sum , so for a NN the NN sum pays primarily for JJ living costs .	24	25	VBZ	pays	pay
the decoration is very similar to the other two stations though .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the word entered english from turkish NN , and the turkish word has its origins in old NNP NN .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
the song 's lyrics describe relationships VBG away due to the changes brought about by time ( on both people and events ) .	3	4	VBP	describe	describes
the grand class is a class of cruise ships .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the stadium has two levels below ground that house its support facilities such as commercial NNS , changing rooms and press and education centres .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the three species in this genus of new world mice are only RB related to the common house mouse , NNP NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is
notice that these three languages are 3 of the 6 international languages defined by the united nations ( english , spanish , chinese , french , arabic and russian ) , which makes them wanted anywhere in the world .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the net effect appears to have been a NN and NN of production , not a NN .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
if the food is JJ , such as many NNS , NNS can be used .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the article has problems , clean it up .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
all scores are accurate as of the end of the NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
since 1996 NNP field has been the site of the annual `` NNP classic '' , a regular season birmingham NNP game in which both southern league teams wear uniforms VBG some period of their respective histories .	27	28	VBP	wear	wears
although theme NNS may seem VBG in nature , slam venues frequently use them to advocate participation by particular and perhaps JJ NNS ( which vary from slam to slam ) , like younger poets and women .	10	12	VBP	use	uses
this station is the terminal of the blue line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the point is not that it is clearly not about christianity , the point is that , given NN , and given that it could be reasonably interpreted as JJ , i thought that VBG on the side of NN was called for .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ownership of articles ] ] ( which says no one owns an article ) .	9	10	VBZ	owns	own
his japanese voice actor is NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the current membership of the council is conservatives 21 , VBZ 3 , labour 2 and liberal democrats 11 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP enters the room with each character , but his only real dialogue is with NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the JJ elements form a NN , containing NNP ( 2 , r ) .	2	3	VBP	form	forms
a NN roll or NN is a new england regional variety of NN roll .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
she is like her mother , like a ghost , and her mother wants to help her regain her spirit and stand up for herself .	12	13	VBZ	wants	want
in urban environments , seeds that VBP far often land on JJ concrete .	4	9	VBP	land	lands
from the political one , showing NN to fight could have persuaded the NN powers that their plan is too JJ .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the largest NN of NNP sheep outside of indigenous new zealand is that of nathan NNP , a famous uk farmer based in NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN ( or 2nd ac ) is generally responsible for the maintenance and operation of the NN , while the script supervisor is responsible for determining which system will be used and what numbers a given take should have .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
but i do think it wise to extend the remaining unblock condition for a further period because the other two unblock conditions appear to have worked , and so i feel it likely that the third condition might work if it is given more time .	21	22	VBP	appear	appears
i took care of the rest , thus this request is .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the last JJ standing receives not only the cash prize , but also the glory and reputation of having the title of world 's number 1 , and which itself carries the legendary NN contract killing price tag .	3	4	VBZ	receives	receive
one person related with films watches them and he is impressed by the skill of NNP and he helps her to become a JJ NNP from NNP .	1	5	VBZ	watches	watch
a real , open guitar case in front of the musicians suggests that they are accepting donations from NN .	5	11	VBZ	suggests	suggest
therefore , there is a high NN that the user models are not up to date .	10	11	VBP	are	is
type CD landing NN CD landing ship is the latest member of type CD series landing ship .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the term comes from the greek words VBP meaning membrane , and NN meaning NN .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
at the same time , NNS also argue that texts should not be well above the participants intellectual level or too long to read .	5	7	VBP	argue	argues
fair use in pacific rugby NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
other papers include the new journal and guide , the NNP , and inside business .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the troubles '' ( haven ) , supernatural NNS certain citizens have in town of haven in the tv series with the same name .	10	11	VBP	have	has
delete i am not a true NN , but the references seem insufficient , and the lack of context is a fatal NN .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the descendants of the family still live in governors bay .	1	6	VBP	live	lives
in early 2012 , NNP began airing its NNS in high definition ( studio cameras are not hd only in the field are they hd ) .	14	15	VBP	are	is
i know it 's a very young age , but turning thirty marks when your NNS are over and you could start considering , '' , one of these days i 'm actually going to die .	15	16	VBP	are	is
other papers available for subscription or purchase include the south bay newspaper daily NNP although they mainly cover news from NNP and the south bay cities .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
the course is almost entirely practical in nature , although increasingly elements of art and design history have been introduced , and it is considered sufficient to qualify those who pass it to move on to a degree course without further study .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one thing we want to do in 2011 is to explain why he 's like that .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
a hero who VBZ to near the top of mount NNP has some kind of close encounter with one of the gods .	1	11	VBZ	has	have
each report includes a short numerical summary .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
wikipedia 's policy on no personal attacks gives as an example `` negative personal comments '' , and `` using someone 's NNS as a means of VBG or VBG their views '' .	2	7	VBZ	gives	give
we should be accepting of diverse roles so long as the overall contribution is positive .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
for example , airlines often offer multiple classes of seats on flights , such as first class and economy class .	3	5	VBP	offer	offers
keep - the sources provided on the article are more than enough to satisfy the general notability guidelines .	3	8	VBP	are	is
the key aspect with these libraries is that they are of a fixed height , which enables them to be placed in rows , VBG the process of automated digital layout .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a JJ wave is not the same as a NN electron , any more than a radio wave is a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most real-time NNS are priority based .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the incumbent mayor is NNP NNP who was VBN for his second term during the 2007 general elections as chief executive of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this case is also RB discussed here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
she continues to play her guitar while the people moving are now clearly dancing around .	8	10	VBP	are	is
before flying a mission , the player goes through a NN , which details relevant information and objectives .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
the NNS and the ladies go to watch the NNP street association parade together .	1	5	VBP	go	goes
the short vowel ending NN appears only in NN .	2	5	VBZ	appears	appear
as catherine 's image `` is so JJ '' , he told the media he needed to go past the image on his mind .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
he also VBZ the NNP branch employees when the warehouse staff runs wild in the office after receiving the news of their NNS .	10	11	VBZ	runs	run
this area is now a VBN space with some trees and NNS at the top end .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am not as familiar with the NNS , so i am happy to be told whether remedy 1 is exclusive of 1 .	17	19	VBZ	is	are
one story has it that NNP was visiting a friend when , late one night , a dark figure carrying a NN in its arms was seen riding past the gate at great speed .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the islands have a long history of settlement ; by the 12th century , venice was a powerful city state .	1	2	VBP	have	has
within this equation , the strength ( s ) is a measure of how much influence , power , or intensity the target VBZ the source to possess .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the issue seems largely not with his NN edits , but with his JJ JJ edits in the NN , such as here at ani and on the village pump .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the NNS of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP are all part of the inventory of swiss heritage sites .	1	12	VBP	are	is
as the name implies , i propose that VBG individual sections be enabled , where , next to the little ' [ edit ] ' on a section , there be a ' [ watch ] ' .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
there are complaints that the standards are inappropriate and may harm producers , sometimes VBG months of additional work for little return .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the difference in this case is very subtle , it looks to be mainly a slight difference in font size causes different word NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP syndrome ( also known as `` NNP type i NNP '' ) is a JJ condition , also characterized by mild mental NN and NN NN .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP bus service to boston also now uses rail station site .	2	7	VBZ	uses	use
the closest NN i could find is NNP , a tiny village , on the coast of brittany southwest of NNP , near NNP , but over 100 km from NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
for example , the word in JJ for `` synagogue '' is NN , as opposed to `` school , '' which is NN .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
another method of NN training is elimination communication .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's relatives believe he was killed by the hotel boss , who was a relative of the mayor .	2	3	VBP	believe	believes
the product works only with NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
NNP is a character whose name is part of the title of a popular song from the period , and NNP acts as a guide through locations where NNS were happening and where youth hung out during the 1990s .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
unreferenced JJ page , notability not asserted , possible original research , google returns three hits , all related to an author who is also up for afd .	10	13	VBZ	returns	return
thus it is not surprising that the relationship of the NNP community to the NNP movement has a long history .	7	16	VBZ	has	have
when supplied , the citation NN ( a period by default ) is VBN , so the quote needs to include VBG NN .	17	18	VBZ	needs	need
notable NNS from the list include laws passed by the first and second NNP , and the NNP laws which were traditional celtic laws , the practice of which was only finally VBD out during the JJ conquest of ireland .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
a particular NNP agent is only suitable for a limited set of NNS and the synthesis of a NNP agent typically requires a NN synthetic procedure and subsequent NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
VBN forms are generally strong except when the stem ending contains a double NN and there is only a single vowel VBG this from the last stem NNP NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
symbol of bird is green NNP , symbol of tree is NNP , and symbol of flower is NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the highway is also one of NNP 's only two links to interstate 65 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the serious points i added are about as RB sourced as they could be , because of my own blp concerns .	2	5	VBP	are	is
comment the new sources which mention the song are all trivial mentions in reviews for the album on which the song appears .	20	21	VBZ	appears	appear
that NN , the argument about frequency is weak .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
some fans VBP the e NNP music project will soon end or already has ended .	1	2	VBP	speculate	speculates
people from the nearest village of NNP often play in the field too .	0	8	VBP	play	plays
the most prominent example of this is the all india NNP NNP , currently led by NNP NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
works by NNP NNP centre around social and religious history of europe in 19th and 20th century .	0	4	VBP	centre	centres
as the bullet moves along the barrel , the space behind it gets bigger - and since no more gas is being produced , the pressure can only drop .	9	12	VBZ	gets	get
except for NN ( 8 ) and NN ( 9 ) , these words are all JJ stems and may lose the final i in certain situations .	13	14	VBP	are	is
moreover , the person is not so notable to remain as i realize .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the main languages spoken in NNS are NNP , which is spoken on the islands of NNP and NNP , and NNP , which is spoken primarily on the island of NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the list of national historic landmarks in iowa contains the landmarks designated by the u .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain
murder in my mind is a 1997 science fiction crime drama film starring NNP NNP , NNP NNP , peter NNP , peter NNP , ian NNP and peter NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
games developed at NNP games include math rescue , word rescue , talking abc 's , NNP wars and rescue the scientist .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
list of magazines published in scotland is an incomplete list of magazines and comics published in scotland .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
top of the tower offers a commanding view of the city .	0	4	VBZ	offers	offer
plus , NNP , epic , and NNP ; these systems are commonly available for use in embedded control systems .	10	11	VBP	are	is
behind the driver is a seat for a single infantry man .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the seed , leaves , and NN of the NN tree have been used in traditional medicine by indigenous peoples of the rain forest regions in the americas , NNP africa , and south east asia to treat this disease .	1	3	VBZ	leaves	leave
a RB JJ ring is a ring with a unique , JJ minimum JJ ideal .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
support ( global ) while the NNP bill needs to be defeated , it is also important to raise global awareness regarding this type of legislation .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
the JJ NN is in series with a linear circuit consisting of a NN and a voltage source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first one has roughly 500 members whereas the latter has 100 members .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP and producer NNP NNP thought it `` VBD down the picture '' and that `` the song sounds like something for NNP macdonald , not for a little girl singing in a NN '' .	17	18	VBZ	sounds	sound
he takes them into the elaborate suspended house he has constructed over the NNP ' inside the whale 's RB , and teaches them about how to live inside the wall , what NNS are possible , introduces them to his NNP sea friends , etc .	33	34	VBP	are	is
the second version is a quarterly JJ magazine that focuses more on content and has a wider range of content versus the convention version .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
non-free images , with limited exceptions , are among them .	1	7	VBP	are	is
an archive search shows over 2000 hits .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
these movies seem to be more associated with the continuity in sigma six , and do not really seem to have any direct ties to previous animated continuity .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the lead , played by NNP , is a JJ NN attempting a comeback as a pop star .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
jet force NNP also features a no JJ JJ mode , where the second player takes control of floyd , a floating robot that automatically follows the main JJ character , and can assist him by shooting .	14	15	VBZ	takes	take
the most widely used explanation however is that when the forth bridge was being built , the workers who VBD in NNP often had cheese NNS for lunch .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the district contains twenty objects classified as cultural and historical heritage by russian federal law and additionally one object classified as cultural and historical heritage of local importance ( the chapel in the village of NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in this view , the glass transition is not merely a JJ effect , i .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
these changes come into effect from the start of the 2013 academic year .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
his old boss says he can have his job back if he brings in a story .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the JJ papers are a collection of articles , written in opposition to the NN of the CD united states constitution .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this process is similar to the way in which a NN grows in size as it is rolled around in the snow .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village has 2 bus stops along main road served by route NNP , and the nearest railway station is NNP .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the NN release is a split NNP with NNP realm .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his argument as spelled out in his edit summaries and on the talk page is that JJ language sources are always unreliable for well known people .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the visual problem is the lack of objects in three JJ space to be VBN with the same projection and the cognitive problem is that any object can be a different object depending on the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a game of NN usually involves two opposing teams seeking to eliminate all of the other team 's players or to complete an objective , such as VBG a flag , eliminating a specific player , or other JJ variations .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
in order to ensure that the simulation is efficient , the crucial requirement is that the number of JJ interactions that require JJ communication be much smaller than the number of JJ interactions within the bulk of each processor 's region of space .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
its launch NNS have enough room for at least several dozen NNP NNP and at least one squadron of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	have	has
in the NNP woman , the two main characters discover a room which seems to exist only some of the time ; while they are there together , they can see more clearly and express themselves RB .	8	9	VBP	discover	discovers
the NNP and the young and JJ advocate try to convince NNP that an arranged marriage is her only path of escape from NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
more recently , it is believed that a NN of the NNP effect is necessary for understanding the unusual JJ NN of NN .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
the arts and the law NNS are the oldest in the university , both established in 1953 , closely followed by the faculty of science ( 1956 ) and newly the faculty of engineering ( 2009 ) .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the motors are JJ JJ motors located in the NN frame and equipped with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the engineering programmes are 5 years in length while the marine NN programmes are 5 .	12	13	VBP	are	is
NNP 's career highlights as a junior NN include gold medals at the 1982 moscow news ( now known as moscow stars of the world ) and the junior european championships .	3	8	VBP	include	includes
the NNP de NNP NNP site dedicated to proving that the passage is authentic , with links to a wide range of scholarly published material on both sides about all aspects of this text , and dozens of new articles .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
each episode VBZ a notorious crime and includes interviews with relatives of the victims .	1	2	VBZ	examines	examine
WRB this intention does not RB appear , neither the books nor their authors have the smallest claim to the NN of NN '' .	10	14	VBP	have	has
lambert 's name is in the house chamber .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
SYM - presidents of the united states already have many categories .	2	8	VBP	have	has
the work presents what view of the world might look like if one had relied upon the september 2012 version of apple maps to locate various landmarks .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
the NNP 's annual tournament , NNP , traces its roots back to 1996 .	4	8	VBZ	traces	trace
the highest point on NNP is the JJ hill called NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
overall the article is very good , and therefore i would not support VBG , however the article does need improvement , and content that is removed in the NN can be moved to appropriate articles , this way verified content is not lost .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the album version features NNP of NNP 13 .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
unless something NNS , expect to see more argument about notability policy in afds , not less .	2	4	VBP	expect	expects
the town has its origin from a group of italian immigrants who settled in the region in 1904 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in NNP district in the indian state of west bengal .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
this category is for molecular and cellular biology articles that are rated as NNP on the wikipedia 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article contains no meaningful NN that this camera model was ever notable .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the position of literary NN has more to it than the simple monetary aspect , though .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
clearly the article needs more citations - but then so do a lot of article son wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
today , the JJ NN NN has a much larger range than the red NN NN , although it is very JJ , extending from slightly northwest of NNP , on NNP bay , in the north down the coast to the NNP river near NNP in the south .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
just because you do n't like a term or its meaning has no bearing on whether it should be included in an encyclopedic library like wikipedia .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
prime examples include the NNP motorcycle jacket worn by NNP NNP 's johnny NNP in the wild one ( 1953 ) , honor NNP as NNP NNP in the NNP , and michael NNP in eddie and the NNP duo ( 1983 and 1989 ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the abundance of NNS , NNS , and JJ birds provides JJ food for NNS , and suitable NN sites are JJ along the steep canyon walls .	19	20	VBP	are	is
gold star NNP gold star NNP program recognizes NNS who house or are responsible for housing JJ workers that meet all of the requirements stated in the NNP housing act of n .	6	7	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
the NNP people also use the NN plant to make boats ( NN ) of the VBN dried plant NNS .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
the fifteen color plates are of the same dimensions as the original drawings .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NN is upon the club to satisfy itself that the player is not under suspension .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the releases are comparable to the releases of the earlier NNP series ( also a NNP series ) where the original was followed by a NN and then a direct sequel a few years later .	1	2	VBP	are	is
while passing references only ( some with a one sentence description of the character ) the term is apparently fairly common and we certainly should not delete as it is a reasonable search term .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
whatever the disagreement , the first step in VBG a dispute is to talk to the other parties involved .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP football club also has experience playing for a year in the late 90 's in the then 4th national division .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
these examples differ from the traditional examples in that the influence is short term .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
an NNP NN VBZ up to 1 .	2	3	VBZ	weighs	weigh
NN 's campus consists of two buildings and a swimming pool set on three acres .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
it has been suggested that they might have been VBN via NN from the quarry , and a short dive between the island and the NNS shows a trail of dropped stones .	19	26	VBZ	shows	show
the two articles are highly JJ of each other .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ leaves contain three primary NNS and spread out in a horizontal NN at the top of the stem .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
the fruit is a black berry just under a NN in length .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fundamental notion behind the JJ principle is that for two processes VBG with each other via some communication means , the reliability obtained from that means can not be expected to be perfectly aligned with the reliability requirements of the processes .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
after all , most blocks are JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NN ; its JJ NN is weak ; no NN present on JJ iii .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
details of the design include JJ window NNS , decorative JJ NNS , side yard orientation and RB VBD corner NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
while most banks have less than 250 members , they achieve service NN and NNS of scale through networking together into regional NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the hotel and restaurant trade receives a considerable boost from the races .	4	5	VBZ	receives	receive
the book entering public domain is a direct consequence of the results of this lawsuit which can be accessed at NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one religious ceremony practiced in NNP and cameroon is the NNP , practiced by several NNP ethnic groups .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
where such an encyclopedia is free of copyright ( e .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the proposed boundaries include both sides of the street ( los angeles city council file NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
according to NNP , the state is that entity which `` VBZ the claim to the monopoly of the legitimate use of physical force in the enforcement of its order .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
another issue with NN is that when the issue is raised by the defence as a realistic defence ( an JJ basis ) , the prosecution then has to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the defendant was acting RB .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the camp VBZ to provide new opportunities for NNS to learn positive life skills and for them to engage in a variety of activities different from those available at school and home .	1	2	VBZ	strives	strive
thousands of young men play college football each year and this guy was not extraordinary in any way .	0	4	VBP	play	plays
through some NNS and logical dating back , given that 5th generation is living in the village now with 6th generation mostly in schools or just starting their careers , author believes the village may have been founded between 1800 and 1850 or even earlier .	30	31	VBZ	believes	believe
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are NNP and NNP , whereas its two products are JJ and NNP .	16	17	VBP	are	is
archive CD most recent topics appear on top .	4	5	VBP	appear	appears
JJ collapse usually refers to the NN of human societies along with their life support systems .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the NN is that this doubles the storage , and both devices ( copies ) need to be updated simultaneously with some overhead and possibly some delays .	11	15	VBP	need	needs
an alternative is to send an NNP NN status code , such as NNP CD or CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as he does so , the NNS come from NNS holding three JJ students .	6	7	VBP	come	comes
JJ analysis is a method of determining the concentration of a chemical element or chemical compound in a solution with the aid of a color NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the user rob refuses to consider the arguments submitted and instead NNS on VBG people into suspicious `` for '' or `` against '' camps .	1	3	VBZ	refuses	refuse
RB , the parish boundary runs along both these roads meaning the majority of the houses in the parish are at its very edge .	5	19	VBP	are	is
the industry is JJ during this entire period .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
application of protection ratings varies widely from area to area and from NN to VB .	0	4	VBZ	varies	vary
another area of distinctive character is `` the rows '' , several streets of colony houses on the north side of london road .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP designer picks one of 12 JJ fashion designs .	1	2	VBZ	picks	pick
i think that efforts to VB or require NN of paid editing are to avoid VBG the NNS of creating a huge industry out of it which is what would happen if it were accepted .	3	12	VBP	are	is
its name comes from the fact that the NNS from which students learned it were printed from VBN copper plates .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
alternatively , sexual reproduction occurs , with internal NN .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
i 'd quite like a personal answer to this , but the main reason i 'm asking is so a bit more detail could be put into the VBG entries .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
built in the greek revival style architecture with NNS VBN on the NNP 's property , this house is one of the four remaining civil war period homes in the kansas city area .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
actually , i would like to learn more about the rise and fall of NNP and am happy that an article exists and provides at least some useful basic information .	20	21	VBZ	exists	exist
in this way the sport aspects of NNP practice seek to build strong character in its practitioners , while good character in turn contributes to an JJ competitive spirit while VBG NNS of courtesy , respect , NN and NN .	5	9	VBP	seek	seeks
its CD speakers live mostly in NNP and NNP , the two main islands in the southern half of the NNP group .	2	3	VBP	live	lives
several features of the NNS distinguish NNP from other JJ genera , including dorsal JJ NNS with strongly VBN and VBN JJ edges and NN consisting of deep NNS and VBG NNS , as well as JJ dorsal and JJ JJ NNS .	1	5	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
nature has its own NN , for example the NN of water and NN of the forest .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
his younger brother is NNP cricketer jim NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN allows that an assertion of winning a notable award or receiving multiple nominations for such awards shows notability .	4	17	VBZ	shows	show
the only restriction is a hard limit of CD high and CD wide .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
then by the NN , the sum of is strictly less than and so is strictly less than , whereas the sum of is clearly at least .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
circuit NN is a design pattern in modern software development .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ clusters and NNP balls are JJ NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
she VBZ sandy that she 's VBG off the alcohol after the NN the accident causes , but sandy finds a bottle of NN in her NN .	14	15	VBZ	causes	cause
however , the results also indicate that african village dogs VBP from indigenous ancestors that are related to the NNP , a dog originating in the congo basin that has many unique traits .	3	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
the group consists of NNP NNP , lee min NNP , lee NNP , NNP NNP , NNP d .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
VBG finds that the biography of jesus hidden in the new testament shows him to have been born in NNP , an NNP community beside the dead sea , in march , 7 bc .	4	12	VBZ	shows	show
the player starts out with the most basic ship , NNP , and 3000 ( CD ) gold .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
this article is a list of diseases of NN ( NNP NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sources which i have given to this article , do not prove the subject an activist .	1	10	VBP	do	does
the panel is broken apart into individual NNP when all other processing is complete .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its finishing attack is the , where it shoots a powerful beam from the NNP cannon , after performing the , where it shoots a NNP cell destroying beam from the NNP head cannon .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP high school features academics above both the texas and national average based on its sat scores .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
i now feel that the crisis is over and i should run for adminship again ( although i was offered the option to have the powers RB restored , something that i do n't believe in ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
these plants VBP upon the habitat by producing NN , lower the water table still further by NN , build up the soil , and lead to the NN of NN with associated NNS .	1	2	VBP	react	reacts
a soundtrack album for the film featuring the following songs is available from NNP records .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
city of niagara falls and the regional municipality of niagara , although the ministry of transportation of ontario ( NNP ) still assists with the maintenance of it under a connecting link agreement .	0	22	VBZ	assists	assist
several radio stations cover port NNP including abc CD , abc CD , CD CD , CD CD , triple j , magic fm and NNP fm ( a community station ) .	2	3	VBP	cover	covers
this use of the word bee is common in literature describing colonial north america .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
rs partially because the topic is too emotional to stay within the core policies .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP cell types show unique JJ NN patterns and region specific targeting by NN NNS .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
john 's NNS are comparable to the blue NNS of other grand NNP and work the same degrees .	2	3	VBP	are	is
major reservoir facilities also exist at NNP .	2	4	VBP	exist	exists
the NNS show two ships that carry the NN underwater between them .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the list is for fictional vehicles , so the two things they have in common are being fictional and vehicles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBG you that behavior is JJ is perfectly appropriate from anyone , admin or otherwise , involved in a debate or not .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 2001 census data shows that its largest immigrant groups VBP from vietnam , china , united kingdom , italy , new zealand , greece , egypt , philippines , india and hong kong .	9	10	VBP	originate	originates
this feeding habit probably accounts for their more JJ lifestyle compared with their mainland NNS .	2	4	VBZ	accounts	account
NNP shoots him twice with NNS in the big fat kill ; the first arrow goes RB through his NN but his only reaction is one of NN .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the game uses an open world that tim NNP has described as being approximately 40 NN ( 103 .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
combined , these JJ NNS suggest that changes in NN structure and JJ environment during space flight could alter electrical NN , although the evidence supporting this NN consists mostly of minor changes in NNP interval in a small number of NNS after JJ space flight .	4	5	VBP	suggest	suggests
the city is located west of são paulo , and has a terrain made of valleys and mountains , reaching a maximum altitude of 1 , CD meters above sea level the city has the NNP river as its main river .	32	33	VBZ	has	have
mr ross ( i have a great deal of respect for anyone that goes to such lengths to fight NNS ) , but i do not believe that removing a bio just because the subject wishes it is a good way to build a complete , neutral NNS .	34	35	VBZ	wishes	wish
the name `` NNP '' is the english pronunciation and spelling of the ancient and original name of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ classification VBZ NNP into closed and VBG head injury .	1	2	VBZ	divides	divide
similarly , the earth 's moon has a JJ appearance , rather like a NN lamp .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the legal and community standards of what states of JJ constitute NN exposure vary considerably , and depend on the context in which the exposure takes place .	24	25	VBZ	takes	take
its sister languages include bengali , NNP , NNP ( NNP ) , NNP , the NNP languages .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the real work of a doctor is not an affair of health centres , or laboratories , or hospital beds .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it is that art has the power , through engaging at both emotional and rational levels , to establish unusual connections and VB NN and innovation .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
on the other hand , costume books and some contemporary accounts indicate that in the sea they VBD in a JJ NN of NN or other strong material .	6	11	VBP	indicate	indicates
average slip rates in the fault 's central region are about CD a year , very fast by global standards .	2	9	VBP	are	is
this article actually needs improving , especially with format , layout and sourcing .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
the pitcher usually throws the ball in the strike zone .	1	3	VBZ	throws	throw
the society also hosts a secondary schools ' public speaking competition , the NNP phil speaks .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
i 'm going to guess that the answers to these questions lie somewhere in your text book or other reading material for whatever class you 're taking .	7	11	VBP	lie	lie
i believe standard practice is deletion or oversight , but i 'll let someone else be the judge of that .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its leader , campbell newman , is the premier of queensland .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN shark is an extremely fast , JJ NN that is usually found in groups of varying size .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this song is cash 's first single to reach any chart in billboard magazine or to be featured on a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the breakdown voltage for the JJ discharge depends RB on the product of gas pressure and NN distance according to NNP 's law .	2	7	VBZ	depends	depend
at first , the family lives there RB but soon will 's children start seeing a man watching the house from the front yard , and will and NNP find evidence that something has happened to the house 's previous owners .	4	5	VBZ	lives	live
the current CD air ground operations wing commander is colonel samuel p .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
however , such conduct was unknown since CD , and this , in his view , reflected the understanding that appointment to the bench means that `` the practice of law is abandoned forever '' .	20	24	VBZ	means	mean
after 13 days of discussion , there 's a consensus that the subject is notable and nobody besides the nominator is arguing for deletion .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN employed is rather like the parallel NN NN and is rarely allowed to VB the entire fabric .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the italy military national football team is a NNP team representing italy .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the stem at the base is JJ , with thick roots .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
like NNP 's weekly coverage of government affairs , the book tv the production style is `` no NNS '' , focusing on panel discussions , book NNS and visits to NNS .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
sources 1 , 2 , 3 and 6 are from NN .	0	8	VBP	are	is
this song features JJ drum work from NNP richmond and JJ NN by ted NNP and eric NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
while i realize that there is no biographical NN ( though RB that will be VBN soon , i do think that his death is important enough to gain its own page .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
assuming lower and upper NNS on the quality of life of a single individual , the difference between the two has to be a bound on the happiness per NN .	16	20	VBZ	has	have
the maximum speed for NN is 99 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the quality ratings are only valid at the time they are done and may be out of date as some of the NNS were done over two years ago .	2	3	VBP	are	is
trying to make wikipedia a JJ regime is not exactly equal to calling somebody a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the description attached within a style is of an attribute the holder of the style is VBN to have .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the region is , however , more especially celebrated for its table NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
second a very quick search produces many many sources that speak to notability and have JJ info on them .	4	5	VBZ	produces	produce
a man in the middle attack is a simple example of this , because you can use it to collect details to VB a user .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the carriage house is `` l '' shaped , and features a JJ tower with a JJ roof .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the two sides to the game are the dark side and the light side , representing the two sides of the force .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the company redirects a certain percentage of their calls in to her home phone ( she may have a separate line for that , i 'm not sure ) , and she 's able to answer the phones and place orders for NNS from her house .	1	2	VBZ	redirects	redirect
it will be VBN under those standards in its fa run , so just be certain you follow those guidelines closely , paying close attention to the section on titles and NNP , and the further style guides it links .	36	37	VBZ	guides	guide
h ' NNP 's grand NN and NN is the screenwriter margaret NNP .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
renaissance , and every painter of that time is interesting and significant .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the possible JJ NN clusters in NNP are .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the two `` story '' searches produce 1 , CD JJ hits vs CD for the two `` myth '' searches , over 8 times as many .	5	6	VBP	produce	produces
NNP NNP NNP church is the other noticed worship place , which has a history over 100 years .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the sentence in the article is a single line , stating the cake exists .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a challenge to such an edit only puts it into question to the point that its NN does not justify an edit war over it .	1	7	VBZ	puts	put
here , the return to the investment consists of reduced operating costs .	3	7	VBZ	consists	consist
bristol corporation of the poor and it is in this role as a NNS ' NN that the building is much better known .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
my biggest problem with the article is that it is RB organized and as a result does not clearly tell the story of the business .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's manuscript holdings include work by mike NNP , NNP scott watson , and ben NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
NNP underground , exploring the NNS and caves , NNS continue to make JJ NNS .	9	10	VBP	continue	continues
there can still be a doubt , but only to the extent that it would not affect a reasonable person 's belief regarding whether or not the defendant is guilty .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
and i believe a tag on the NNP article page is appropriate as well .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNP card allows users to input personal information at the time the card is created .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP 's educational facilities include NNP engineering physical institute , polytechnic college , medical college , NNP college .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
external link appears to be missing from page ; no NNP rank .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the process of NN involves not only breaking down the molecular NNS in the triple NN of NN NNS called NN but significantly reducing the molecular weight ( or molecular mass ) of NN NNS to short chains of NNS .	1	4	VBZ	involves	involve
the organisation offers professional support and training for NNS and staff of its member schools , as well as sport and cultural activities for pupils .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
certain bonds are indeed more JJ to breaking , but as NNP said , which part of the protein is exposed to it plays a role as well .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the area is home to many puerto rican cultural institutions , as well as two sixty feet puerto rican flags on division street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
throughout the novel , NNP 's character goes through an intensive development of NN as a poet and individual .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
every representation of a lie algebra VBZ RB to a representation of the corresponding connected , simply connected lie group , and RB every representation of any lie group VBZ a representation of the group 's lie algebra ; the representations are in one to one correspondence .	40	41	VBP	are	is
it is a matter of the player 's preference as to which position gives the greatest ease of playing and what a NN VBZ .	12	13	VBZ	gives	give
in murder on the NNP express , the actual novel follows an investigation , so NNP could more easily JJ NNS to lead to all three possible solutions .	9	10	VBZ	follows	follow
business at bob 's NNP goes up due to gene 's fame but bob is not happy .	0	5	VBZ	goes	go
the majority of other literature written consists of law texts .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist
NN VBZ the wider edit war , then yes , the effort is well worth it .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the game runs for six stages through various settings such as a jungle , JJ NNS , tokyo and fortress NNP itself .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
its name is an NN to a NN of the san carlos monastery in nearby san lorenzo , where the wounded of the rebel forces of general josé de san NNP were tended after the battle of san lorenzo .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the information is out of date ( for example , there is no longer a separate cambridge application form ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP review i mentioned is actually about the album , and actually mentions whether it 's NN or not .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
there is a distinction between saying that the text someone writes is potentially JJ , and saying that the person who wrote it is a NN .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
telling me to give `` it '' a name is ridiculous .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
while the concept of NNP is not new , the rapidly VBG capabilities of digital electronics VBP practical many processes which used to be only RB possible .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ hypothesis NNS that sexual NNS are NNS of NN and disease resistance .	6	7	VBP	are	is
examples include the anatomy NNP book and subsequent book series , by NNP NNP and lawrence NNP , published by NNP ( 1990s ) and benjamin NNP ( 2000s ) .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
according to the mexican census of 2000 ( NNP NNP general ) , the municipal population is 3 , CD the majority of whom ( 2 , CD ) reside in the town of NNP .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
situated on the isle de NNP until a NN was constructed between CD and CD , what is now the town shows evidence of long NN .	20	21	VBZ	shows	show
the second period covers his political involvement in later years VBG with his defeat against alberto NNP in the peruvian presidential elections .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
contestants play against an JJ guard by dancing to music and playing NNP , a japanese variation of rock , paper , NNP .	0	1	VBP	play	plays
her novels have a NN of feeling which is rich in the details of our common experiences .	1	2	VBP	have	has
policy discourse in singapore has largely VBN the fact that the linguistic market consists of JJ boundaries and the value of linguistic capital for each language changes as internal and external factors interact together .	12	13	VBZ	consists	consist
i understand that many 3d works need one , but this is RB not in a museum where a single artist 's copyright is JJ .	5	6	VBP	need	needs
he allegedly showed the NN of politics as such over any religious norm when he said that the interests of the islamic republic are paramount in islam and that NN , NN , NN , and everything else in islam , are JJ .	18	23	VBP	are	is
though RB coming long before the `` JJ era '' , the NNP console contains a unique processor with instructions that were 10 bits wide ( allowing more instruction variety and potential speed ) , and VBZ 16 bits wide .	13	14	VBZ	contains	contain
his team has demonstrated that although b cells and JJ cells can generate regulatory t cells by themselves , a mixture of both JJ cells VBZ their capacity to RB generate regulatory t cells .	20	25	VBZ	improves	improve
on arrival , those security people at the airport really have no sense of NN ; so never try strike up a conversation and absolutely never VB a joke with them .	5	10	VBP	have	has
the NNP gallery programme encourages engagement with the latest developments in contemporary art through an exhibitions programme which includes new commissions , projects and activities .	3	4	VBZ	encourages	encourage
just reading that article makes me miss fred NNP all over again .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
the philosophy behind the festival is to help people discover new music styles , artists that are JJ or even totally unknown , but that will be the future of musical expressions thanks to their original and innovative nature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the man often VBZ george 's adventures by taking him somewhere , and even more often VBZ the tension by appearing just in time to get george out of a tight spot .	1	3	VBZ	facilitates	facilitate
the most recent thread is here .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
besides the mound , the site contains a number of JJ deposits from villages dating to the middle woodland and late woodland periods .	5	6	VBZ	contains	contain
this impressive JJ structure measures 42 feet by 33 feet , with walls between 7 feet and 8 feet in NN .	3	4	VBZ	measures	measure
then , when the rain stops the pools dry out they die .	4	5	VBZ	stops	stop
the references arise from the group growing up in NNP island in the late 1970s , and being influenced by movie theaters playing and advertising NNP fu movies based on the NNP fighting style .	1	2	VBP	arise	arises
a reconstruction of an original house paired with an original barn from the same era , this house is JJ of the lifestyle of NNS who populated the edmonton area in the late 19th century .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the comment you keep bringing up completely out of context from NNP wales to me on the talk page of another article has some strong and JJ history behind it .	1	22	VBZ	has	have
NNP has VBN that the fifth dimension is really the NN fabric .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the island platform station between double tracks serves the suburb of NNP .	3	7	VBZ	serves	serve
in his performances , israeli composer and singer NNP NNP uses the NN to produce a very wide range of notes .	5	10	VBZ	uses	use
from the youngest in NNP to the oldest in year 6 , every child learns the life skills that will enable each one to make a positive contribution to society in later life .	13	14	VBZ	learns	learn
the winner also receives 3 bonus points , and single bonus points are awarded to all drivers who lead a lap , plus the driver who leads the most laps .	1	3	VBZ	receives	receive
developed environments ( human settlements ) are environments in geography .	1	6	VBP	are	is
i just get `` your password is invalid or too short .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NN set includes the title ( original and alternative ) , cast ( director , actors , producer , screenwriter , etc .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
in his native japan , his song `` another sky '' is all NNP airways ' theme song [ 1 ] , while `` color your life '' is NNP bank 's theme song [ 2 ] .	26	28	VBZ	is	are
the b section or middle eight is also often referred to as the bridge and sometimes as the release .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the torpedo attack fails , but draws the japanese combat air patrol down to low altitude , and they are unable to effectively VB the dive bombers from NNP and enterprise when they arrive .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
NNP 's husband is NNP , who is gay and loves NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
nonetheless , the solution is not those NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
that forum is a forum , but the people under there are a real community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sugar bowl championship year and is now a super bowl champion and player for the baltimore NNP .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the hill also hosts the largest red NN tree in thailand , halfway down its riverside NN .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
the NNS facilitate youth mentor NNS , outdoor conservation days , shooting sports , competitive events , conservation camps , and youth fishing tournaments , outdoor NN , hunter education classes , NN habitats and much more .	1	2	VBP	facilitate	facilitates
the riding is largely rural and wilderness in character despite its proximity to the lower mainland , it spans the bridge NNP , NNP canyon , fraser canyon , NNP and NNP districts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
little star lake is home to little NNP lodge where john NNP had his famous NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a local abc affiliate is in new haven , NNP tv channel 8 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this new bot merely exists to VB all comment about the bot away from NN , reflected in his own comments about the approval , without JJ giving the community any better way of improving the way the bot works .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
your argument that someone 's NNP number can change because of actions by someone else `` unknown to the subject '' is CD NN for NNP numbers 1 , 2 , 3 or 4 .	1	21	VBZ	is	are
the spiral NN model allows for elements of the product to be added in when they become available or known .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
signs generally develop within JJ NN of NN and can include depression , NN , NN , and NN .	0	2	VBP	develop	develops
delete the subject lacks significant coverage in reliable third party sources and appears to fail the notability guidelines for music related subjects .	2	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
the former president of chile , michelle NNP is from another party in the coalition , the socialist party .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
divine command theory is a JJ theory which VBZ that an action 's status as RB good is equivalent to whether it is commanded by god .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of the bank are NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
delete NNP is notable , but branch offices are not .	7	8	VBP	are	is
my point here being that this man has a great deal of coverage in reliable sources that fully address his notability .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
extremely high power electromagnetic radiation can cause electric NNS strong enough to create NNS ( electrical NN ) when an induced voltage VBZ the breakdown voltage of the surrounding medium ( e .	21	22	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
treatment involves the use of NNS .	0	1	VBZ	involves	involve
if these components for the schedule are not available , they can be created with a JJ NN method like NNP NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
NN methods which are JJ to many adults , and books which lack NNS of methods or solved examples make it difficult to help with NN .	18	19	VBP	make	makes
on the basis of the material already found and these four books , i think it 's a keep .	11	14	VBP	think	thinks
NNP 's theory , and its implications for the world economy , remain the only factual proof about the case .	6	12	VBP	remain	remains
comment the sun link is a passing reference to VB appearing at NNP - not substantial .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the master of sacred music is a graduate degree combining academic studies in theology with applied studies in music .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the point is that the ancient greeks and romans may well have had good NNS and other such devices .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN point has been made the NN of a NN ; the highest point is a few hundred metres away to the north-west .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the children are 18 and 16 years old at the start of the series .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP NNP recording appears in the german movie das boot or the boat by NNP NNP starring NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
the poet NNP addresses him as `` the most JJ of the gods , '' a source from late NN says that the wife of NNP was NNP , the daughter of NNP , and that he loved her RB .	1	3	VBZ	addresses	address
if you can ; t see that a level 3 warning for adding a full stop to a sentence is wrong on some many levels , it is you who needs to be blocked from editing .	10	19	VBZ	is	are
other NNS owned by NNP include the NNP NNP soccer stadium in NNP paulo , brazil and the NNP NNP soccer stadium in nice , france .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the current internal layout has 14 NNS , with a size of .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
new orleans jazz NN and a predecessor as NN of preservation hall jazz band , and his nephew is mark NNP , a successor as NN of preservation hall jazz band .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
appears to be pure NN , including claims that the standard model is RB wrong [ 1 ] .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
for some dive NNS this is adequate , and the small size and weight of these units makes them very convenient and easy to carry , and very little training is required in their use .	11	17	VBZ	makes	make
JJ NNS are usually two stories and built out of wood and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the association is tax JJ under section 80 g and 35 ( 1 ) ( iii ) of it act .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in australia the australian frontier wars end after CD years .	5	6	VBP	end	ends
lakes in the municipality include NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP NN ( israel ) makes more sense .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make
examples of this broad concept of user NNS include the interactive aspects of computer operating systems , hand tools , heavy machinery operator controls , and process controls .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
if i understand this correctly , it 's speculation about who created the bicycle kick , and that article appears to be slightly better VBN with all the same info and more .	18	19	VBZ	appears	appear
the list is also a current work in progress the same as all wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another notable difference in jackson 's films is that NNP does not at first NN NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the point is that , if the NN really had changed his spots , he would n't continue to pull things out of the same old bag of tricks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whether a municipality is defined as a city , town , or village is not dependent on population or land area , but rather by the form of government selected by the residents and approved by the state legislature .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
after defeating NNP , the player gets a new starting point called VBG NNP truly ' .	5	6	VBZ	gets	get
or perhaps the wp team needs to work on the databases write NN , but VBG articles in sections seems quite the wrong direction to move in .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the distance measured to NNP CD using this technique is 2 .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
its logo is a picture of two JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site forms part of the NNP irrigation area important bird area ( NNP ) , so identified by NNP international because of its importance for wild birds , especially JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
the NN of series is , after death of jean grey , the NN are called together by charles xavier to travel to japan following the NN of NNP NNP and face the NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the article claims that NNP produces for NNP musical , but that page does not mention him and does identify a different producer .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
VBG is most important at nascar 's NN plate tracks , NNP NNP and NNP international speedway , where the plates mean that much less power is available to push the large bodies through the air .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
after killing the couple , NNP 's father looks directly into his son 's eyes , and shoots himself in the mouth .	7	8	VBZ	looks	look
the purpose of the foundation is to support the activities of the royal academy of engineering and contribute to its maintenance by VBG on the assistance of companies and institutions with an interest in the development and improvement of engineering .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
there are 73 of these weeks per year and every year begins with NNP .	10	11	VBZ	begins	begin
since this block is against an express arbcom ruling , i propose it be brought to arbcom enforcement .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this redirect is a NN and unlikely search term .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song is also featured in the NNP video game rock band , although the version featured is a cover of the studio recording .	15	17	VBZ	is	are
the shadow VBZ everything that the subject refuses to acknowledge about himself '' and represents `` a tight passage , a narrow door , whose JJ NN no one is VBN who goes down to the deep well '' .	6	7	VBZ	refuses	refuse
NNP NNS are useful model for fluid behavior in a wide variety of scientific fields , from NN to NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he leads her to the door of a NN ; they VBP and then enter as the act ends .	17	18	VBZ	ends	end
the NNP creek region is a rich gold and silver mining area in the NNP and NNP river region on north coastal mountains of british columbia .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i see the average is slightly better at the moment , so perhaps attempt 4 or 5 in NN or so will succeed .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the players are notable in italy as all have played in senior games at the highest level -- but they then should have individual pages , like NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the village of NNP is partly in the NN of the same name , and partly in NN of NNP in the civil parish of NNP east .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
however , the technological advancement of this program is uncertain , and some sources doubt whether the north korea is able to produce large quantities of nerve agents or to fit the chemical NNS on its JJ JJ missiles .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the name is one of several in this area applied by united kingdom antarctic NNP committee ( NNP ) from herman NNP 's NNP dick , NNP being the NN in the NNP who was cast NN by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if parents really want to protect their kids , they should prevent them from watching news programs and NN shows , which are about actual , JJ violence .	1	3	VBP	want	wants
in NNP , i 've heard most people know english , french , and JJ NNP french ; in addition , lots of JJ people know RB of the languages of india is appropriate to their ethnic group .	21	25	VBP	know	knows
note however this file is extremely large , 1 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the federation forms the men 's and women 's national teams , which take part at international events .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
because of such NN it is said that the genetic code is JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN ( VBG NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
just to avoid spreading NN , our current license for most content is the NN of NNP and gfdl ; that is , most new JJ material is still licensed under the gfdl , but since november 2008 all such material is also licensed under NNP .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , i realize that people have their bad moments from time to time , and i also realize that wikipedia still manages to be the most civil website i 've seen on the web .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the establishment of the NNP region of iraq dates back to the march 1970 autonomy agreement between the NNP opposition and the iraqi government after years of heavy fighting .	1	8	VBZ	dates	date
players score points each time a punch is landed successfully , with the player who scored the most points winning that round .	0	1	VBP	score	scores
these cats are of medium size with a JJ body , appearing both JJ and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some may be bodies to which one merely has to pay a subscription .	6	8	VBZ	has	have
in the final chapter , the game moves into the future , six years after the battle of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	moves	move
as expected , an JJ relationship exists between VBG density and molecular weight .	5	6	VBZ	exists	exist
netherlands are NNS of the monarch , foreign NNS represent foreign heads of state to the monarch .	8	9	VBP	represent	represents
if the article topic is notable then it is reasonable to start an article about it .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the current mayor is the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ practices using traditional ideas have a number of consequences with JJ effects to the external environment .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the writer of the story , NNP smith , VBZ `` NNP 's NNP '' as a forced NN that will take a long time to end ; although , he says that the meaning is also open to interpretation .	1	9	VBZ	compares	compare
this person is not otherwise notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its symbol is the red hand of ulster , which is on many graves tended by the association .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it chronicles the events of april 12 , 1967 in the village of los NNP , in the NNP municipality of cuba , where a mobile cinema truck shows the villagers moving pictures for the first time .	27	28	VBZ	shows	show
students have to report back to VB every day at CD or they have to report if they are going to be late .	0	1	VBP	have	has
RB 40 cartridge is a third longer than the 7 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the property also includes a JJ war frame NN house , and a JJ NNP family cemetery .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
it is built at an elevation which VBZ the property , although trees block the view of the lake .	12	13	VBP	block	blocks
another possibility ( referred to as the JJS approach in the theory of NN ) is to VB on the demand side by some kind of NN .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
the methods for reducing the size of the NNS include the varieties of NN , such as NN ( with and without JJ NN ) to reduce excess body fat , and JJ NN , to VB , VB , and JJ the natural NN of the body .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
the cricket broadcasts even take NN over on the hour news NNS , but not shipping NNP .	2	4	VBP	take	takes
the wider locality takes in state highway 43 from gordon road in the west to NNP road in the east .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
that NN makes absolutely no sense .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the company uses a rising sun logo and has a city contract to serve NNS to prison inmates and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the most popular variety is turkish NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its length is , crest width , and base width .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the oil business has also the VBN traditional NN of wealth .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the river begins at the NN of an unnamed lake at an elevation of and flows west into sussex lake , then north to NNP lake , at the border between the northwest territories and NNP region , NNP , where it takes in the left tributary NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
NNS receive a NN NN to attend state colleges and universities in massachusetts .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
the magazine VBZ that classic cars are meant to be driven rather than displayed or put in storage .	1	2	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
oh , and the scene ends with NNP doing a NN directly into the camera .	4	5	VBZ	ends	end
the name `` guinea '' is of uncertain origin ; a common explanation is that it was named to VB NNS who VBD NNP NNS attached to NNP ' army during the american revolutionary war ( the soldiers were paid one guinea per day ) .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the car that i want is green .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the main newspaper rivals in the NNP and county durham area include the northern echo , the journal , the NNP mail and the evening chronicle .	3	11	VBP	include	includes
the name possibly comes from `` NNS '' because of NNP 's small size .	1	3	VBZ	comes	come
the mention of the NNP is not merely JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the only way to deal with it is to delete it or to refer to that primary source , showing what the actual ruling of the court was .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
from my reading of the article , it appears that NN is uncommon in adults , as most will have acquired immunity through childhood infection , however adults are JJ to NNS which can be RB JJ .	27	28	VBP	are	is
the page is JJ , should be deleted .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main feature of the game consist of a single or two player , this includes elements similar to that of the street fighter series with basic moves and special attacks .	2	15	VBZ	includes	include
NNP ( assuming username is a JJ act to cause friction ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the long nose , which changed from a rectangular shape to a triangle shape for the final version , represents how NNP looks down at other characters .	2	19	VBZ	represents	represent
the table of contents by default only appears on pages with more than three NNS .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
this 7th title brings the NNP level with NNP in the roll of honour for NNP club titles .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring
the city belongs to the NN of NNP de NNP and alto NNP and to the NN of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
this surgeon has in the past brought to our attention any patients who are in need of financial assistance and support , and we have referred patients to him in return .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the buddha 's JJ doctrine sees humans as an NN composite of five psychological and physical aspects instead of a single fixed self .	4	5	VBZ	sees	see
the introduction appears to be taken from a brief review found on a blog , and the large NNS from reviews go way beyond what can be justified as fair use .	18	21	VBP	go	goes
the transmission options include a JJ manual and a JJ electronic manual transmission ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP services connect NNP to nearby NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	connect	connects
as i understand it , a subject is only notable if it has been the subject of multiple , JJ reliable published sources .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the areas of focus in his current role are public health , NN , and the environment .	1	8	VBP	are	is
behavioral evidence clearly indicates that this is NNP .	1	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the names of each still stand on the original buildings but they are now prominent houses in the village .	1	5	VBP	stand	stands
as to the NNS , there do not appear to be any dedicated to him , his activity levels seem to be VBG the numbers .	18	19	VBP	seem	seems
the construction is a typical colonial house with an internal garden .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
main highlight of this event is that the living goddess NNP VBZ this ritual .	9	11	VBZ	attends	attend
the building itself has distinctive architecture , with glass panels and walls coloured in varying NNS of pink , resulting in the building gaining the nickname from local residents and staff of `` the pink palace '' .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
some believe that the village VBZ its name to the NNS carried by the river and VBN on its banks , this being one of the village 's impressive elements .	4	5	VBZ	owes	owe
being JJ to the diverse communities we serve , our mission at NNP is to be an accessible , JJ , comprehensive community college that promotes and VBZ the intellectual , cultural , and economic NN of our region .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
the book claims NN should be treated as a science , not a craft , and details a NN for testing beliefs and VBG information not widely known or understood .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the portrait shown here is by john benjamin stone who started the national photographic record association .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
while these numbers seem VBN to modern historians , it indicates that the period took a terrible toll on the NNP .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
list of novels , the action of which takes place within 24 hours .	5	8	VBZ	takes	take
his subject matter ranges from odd NNS to JJ landscapes incorporating extraordinary architecture , and include imagery VBN from his childhood , such as his grandmother 's kitchen .	2	3	VBZ	ranges	range
despite its religious NN , the true nature and purpose of the NNP is unknown .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
the history of his education is unclear but he was called to rome as a young man to assist cardinal giovanni NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
normal game time is 80 minutes , but with scores level a further 20 minutes was played .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN , type ii is a severe disorder of NN and bone development .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
such NNS are all JJ NNS and pit the lower NN against the upper NN with mechanical connections of upper teeth to lower teeth .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the book also features several JJ moments from NNP 's career as a member of NNP , NNP , NNP i NNP , as well as from his solo career .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
students learn to sing traditional songs in JJ , as well as in english and hebrew .	0	1	VBP	learn	learns
this symphony demonstrates NNP 's attachment to the use of variation form , which is found in the outer two movements .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the magazine is owned and published by NNP media , a swedish limited company ( NN ) , where the major share holders are NNP , the NNP NNP foundation , and NNP .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the rules of each of these four countries bear significant differences .	1	8	VBP	bear	bears
pharmaceutical manufacturers now monitor their NNS to ensure that they do not hold more than one month 's supply of any given drug .	1	3	VBP	monitor	monitors
the purpose of NNP is to offer information regarding a test NNS NNS and NNS in a language .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
new version of that story now says 6 , 000 prisoners , but attributes the figure to NNP .	1	6	VBZ	says	say
JJ acid is freely JJ in NN , VBZ RB , NN , and it is JJ in NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ interviews both NNP and NNP , but neither man is cooperative .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
my agenda is to demonstrate the depth of arab art as VBN in music and dance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS are often the JJS in a puzzle , and a good place to start solving , e .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this is because all electronic devices ( vacuum tubes , JJ NNS and mos NNS ) invented by NN are basically JJ devices .	8	19	VBP	are	is
many NNS of VBG creek in its central and lower sections are JJ fisheries , and the middle and lower parts of NNP creek are VBN with trout .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the work group has 11 featured lists .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the work represents NNP as the god who VBP or gifts men with wine , temporarily releasing them from their problems .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
alternatively , it may be that some NN coordinator sends decide only to a few processes ; but if any of these processes are JJ , they echo the decision to all the remaining processes , causing them to decide and VB .	8	9	VBZ	sends	send
i just hope i slightly VBD on the global warming NNS , or we could be dealing with an average of approximately CD of maximum temperatures that the body thinks it feels like NN where i live .	28	29	VBZ	thinks	think
JJ class b NNS are at best 50 percent efficient .	3	4	VBP	are	is
no airline flies to this community airport .	1	2	VBZ	flies	fly
where these rules are silent the NNP 's processes are governed by the statutory powers and procedures act .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the years pass quickly ; he grows older and NNP dies .	1	2	VBP	pass	passes
in molecules like NN NN , the NNP angle is greater than the NNP bonds , 110 .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the building is JJ in style , and the design was the winner of an international competition hosted by the tribune .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
males play no part in VBG the young .	0	1	VBP	play	plays
the house features three NNS and four stone NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this list is of heritage NNS , NNS of cultural properties , natural and JJ , JJ and JJ , JJ and JJ , that are deemed to be of sufficient heritage value to be separately identified and recorded .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use rationale for pink ( boris album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the sanctuary states that there are many large NNS living outside the zoo system in the united states , including CD or so tigers living as NNS in texas alone , and many of these come from the black market trade in exotic animals .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the oldest building on the trade fair grounds is the NNP frankfurt , a JJ dome structure made of steel and glass that was first opened to visitors on may 19 , 1909 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
one theory is that they would have taken a NN with them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the quartet continues their JJ residence at the university of maryland , college park , where members serve on the faculty of the school of music and as faculty members at the curtis institute of music in philadelphia .	16	17	VBP	serve	serves
half the online hits for NNP NNP are for NNP NNP because that was its original name until recently .	3	7	VBP	are	is
an example is this diff where NNP completely missed the point , argued about it , and turned the point around too mean something else .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a typical usage is to define one data structure ( record or object ) per interface along with any support procedures .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this type of rider refuses to use any form of NN .	1	4	VBZ	refuses	refuse
today her main church and associated school is in NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the value of their content is a separate issue .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the first NNP exhibitions appear to have taken place in april .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears
an angle gauge is a very similar tool to a NN NN though it must be held a fixed distance from your eye for it to work properly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the conventional understanding of this phenomenon is the JJ NN of lower income residents due to the renovation and NN of existing properties that drive up overall property values .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP evans price , of billboard magazine reviewed the song RB , calling it a `` winning little tune VBN in steel guitar and VBG with JJ country NN '' she states that the NN is `` RB written and delivered in his usual JJ style .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the temple is about 1500 years old .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
local radio stations include NNP - 90 .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
as NNS become VBN and as activists become JJ , we are going to see an increase in the number of NNS who engage in what will become more widely known as electronic civil NNP .	6	7	VBP	become	becomes
the opening track is the original song `` NNP NNP '' , the song is JJ pop song .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the mayor is NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN citation however is not enough .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
while the children are in their foster home in NNP city , they are approached by NNP , flash , batman , NNP , and element woman .	2	3	VBP	are	is
JJ instruments , such as NNS , bells and other NNS , use wooden bars , metal bars or bells which can be removed by the teacher leaving only those corresponding to the JJ scale , which carl NNP himself believed to be children 's native NN .	1	12	VBP	use	uses
the other routes on the NN have only two NNS for sport climbing , making a NN more likely should a mistake be made .	2	6	VBP	have	has
villa NNP ( in italian , the word villa usually includes not only a large building but also its grounds ) is the official residence of the british ambassador to italy in rome .	8	10	VBZ	includes	include
for example , NNP rifle is unable to accurately fire bullets that are heavier than CD due to barrel twist that is too slow to VB heavier bullets .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
carlton 's official nickname is the NNS ' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the club is a member of the english golf union and is based on the NNP valley golf course , which is owned by VBG council .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the basic problem is to specify the orientation of these three unit NNS , and hence the JJ body , with respect to the observer 's coordinate system , regarded as a reference placement in space .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
music videos have no references at all .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a `` behind the scenes '' audio NN entitled `` lunch at monk '' is available for download through the usa website .	7	14	VBZ	is	are
in that case we could argue that wikipedia is not an JJ collection of information , above all for such a trivial subject ( dates in themselves are not important , otherwise NNP would have VBN on them VBP the events are important , of course ) .	24	27	VBP	are	is
also , the article is in my opinion not a low quality article , and include some good references .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles related to NNP and the NNPS , created by ross NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the total land area of NNP NNP is 0 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the other VBG question is whether people will wonder all over again how obama could have been friends with this guy for 20 years .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP had an JJ son , michel NN , in naples , whose descendants still exist .	13	15	VBP	exist	exists
remember why you came here and what your primary goals are in editing .	9	10	VBP	are	is
if the countries belong to the ussr , they are not occupied regardless how they became part of the ussr .	2	3	VBP	belong	belongs
the section on the NNP , which is only part of the wider picture of edward 's actions on the NNS , is as long as the previous section on the NNS .	1	22	VBZ	is	are
support in a relatively weak field of candidates , NNP in my personal opinion is the most qualified for this job .	0	14	VBZ	is	are
attachment theory is an JJ study VBG the fields of psychological , evolutionary , and JJ theory .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think not , especially as the editor refers to it as the imdb of the fashion industry and i could not find any NN sources on a quick google search .	7	8	VBZ	refers	refer
a NN is the NN of three or more different notes , usually but not always simultaneously .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these three NNS continue to this day .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
in this way , as the number of NNS with correct distance values grows , the number whose JJ edges need to be VBN in each NN NNS , leading to a JJ savings in time for dense NNS .	6	13	VBZ	grows	grow
numerous manufacturers produce rail car NNS .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
i wanted to point out that i 've kept an eye on the articles now and then to look for major NNS in terms of content disputes , and i 've read over the talk pages , and things seem to be pretty calm .	38	39	VBP	seem	seems
NNP feels retail reform is just a first step of needed agricultural reforms in india , and that the government should pursue additional reforms .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some of it sounds supernatural , whereas the rest seems JJ .	8	9	VBZ	seems	seem
otherwise , so many shows would be in this category because of the amount of entertainment VBG there currently is .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
i can not judge this topic ; the references here seem mere mentions , or press releases ; there are a number of similar items in google .	8	10	VBP	seem	seems
your statement seems to indicate the events are notable , the page redirects to an article discussing those events .	11	12	VBZ	redirects	redirect
the sea is so perfectly clear that the details of city buildings such as NNS or columns can be seen from the boat .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wallace suggests that the final symbol of the address is wrong , and that they should use the symbol for earth .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the life cycle of the NN takes it through freshwater snails and back into water , where it is VBN by the JJ stages of several aquatic insects , including NN flies and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	takes	take
about 3 million JJ christians live around the world , the largest numbers are in north america and australia ; and great britain , germany , greece , italy , norway and sweden in europe .	12	13	VBP	are	is
in addition , the new residential village has multiple dining venues and a convenience store located on the ground floor .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
my sand box is already in use .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in other words the greatest probability would be when the volume of this JJ is 0 and hence it is embedded in 4 dimensions .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
this process has serious implications on the utility of the material because the applicable safe stress levels are RB reduced in the JJ medium .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
similar institutions exist in germany and france where they are known as foreign language NNP .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
hey gang - my name is joe NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a new management team takes over at NNP .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
a drop of NN solution is added to the NN at the start ; when the color changes the NN has been reached , this is an NN of the NN point .	16	17	VBZ	changes	change
the NNP stream crosses part of NNP de NNP and flows into the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
western boundary with NNP district follows the track of NNP river ( NNP street , NNP boulevard , NNP street , soviet army street ) .	1	5	VBZ	follows	follow
lakes in this township include NNP lake .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
many companies avoid channel conflict by selling RB through specialized stock NN companies .	1	2	VBP	avoid	avoids
the problem with not having complete control is that we need to know that our requirements will be accepted .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the last scene shows a NN colonel NNP being ordered to VB to another infected city .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the book seems to be popular and to sell well .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP NNS are JJ sources of food , and b .	1	2	VBP	are	is
mrs NNP VBZ in surprise and NN , but the look of horror on NNP 's face is obvious .	10	17	VBZ	is	are
the senior population distribution is CD people or 8 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an example is the NN artist jenny NNP singing NNP style music with NNP NNP NNP in a concert .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP star quality is also referred to as `` best '' diamond quality by NNP employees ( other qualities are `` promotional , `` good '' , and `` better '' ) .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NNP 's servers constantly monitor which players are playing and what tables they are playing at on various major poker sites , which allows NNP to find the JJS players across multiple online poker websites .	2	4	VBP	monitor	monitors
whether NN 8 VBZ separation of IN the united states constitution , the california constitution employs the concept of separation of powers .	1	3	VBZ	violates	violate
the first question is appropriate for the ref desk .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the programme brings participants from 70 countries into NNP , and it has 350 events taking place in 66 areas , and NNS for 35 , 000 spectators .	1	2	VBZ	brings	bring
NNP lake colour is CD and NN is CD ; the two are very close indeed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
ip as well as other network NNS serve as the rules and conventions by which computers can communicate with each other .	6	7	VBP	serve	serves
the study indicated that there is no safe level of lead in drinking water , and that children in homes with even a partial lead service line are at a much higher risk of lead NN than those with no lead in the line .	17	27	VBP	are	is
the JJ moment in which NNP crosses the street in front of NNP 's car and notices him VBZ the scene in which marion crane 's boss sees her under similar circumstances in NNP .	26	27	VBZ	sees	see
the senior population distribution is 76 people or 8 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other universities in pittsburgh that field athletic teams include carnegie NNP university ( division iii ) , NNP university ( division iii ) , point park university ( NNP ) , and NNP university ( NNP ) .	1	8	VBP	include	includes
the story goes that the king of NNP of NNP suspected his queen of VBG NN and had her killed .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
on july 17 , the regiment VBZ in the NN of RB and to the enemy 's NN on the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	participates	participate
in some cases , NNP NNS show lower power consumption than that of NN .	5	6	VBP	show	shows
you ca n't create characters of your own , and the kind of automatic NN of sounds with movement that you see in a simple product like video jam is n't available , so things look sort of JJ no matter how hard you try .	34	35	VBP	look	looks
this strategy comes down to VBG problems , instead of solving them .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
district 1 is the same district his father , coleman a .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
evidence suggests that NNS had been collecting allegations against her for an entire year prior .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
peak flowering times are july to february in western australia and october to december in south-eastern australia .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the soldiers had a number of NNS including being VBN NN , seeing newer NNS receive JJ NNS and promises of land , and being required to serve past the end of their three-year NNS .	14	15	VBP	receive	receives
the general slope of the country is towards the northeast , as indicated by the course of the rivers which VBP or bound the territory , and finally discharge themselves into the NNP river .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it should appear automatically when the page has enough NNS and it should appear immediately before the first heading .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the brazilian competes in categories new artist , artist in social networks and pop artist , and `` oh if i catch you '' is indicated for song of the year , pop music , music and digital music radio .	2	21	VBP	catch	catches
the album includes two exclusive tracks .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the instructions say to give a description of the dispute .	1	2	VBP	say	says
ghost notes , however , are not simply the JJ notes in a pattern .	1	5	VBP	are	is
it 's present chairman is , NNP NNP , a member of the group of the european people 's party ( christian democrats ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( the NN base of JJ acid ) VBZ NNP receptors , though not as strongly as the amino acid RB NN does .	20	23	VBZ	does	do
the NN has a nelson complexity index of 9 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the video RB VBZ our progress through the phases and how we went through NN sessions and ultimately , our final moment of triumph .	1	3	VBZ	portrays	portray
schools VBP with the national office to ensure their students are eligible to participate and to receive the materials needed to conduct classroom and school NNS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the club holds elections for club 's board every two years .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
NNS of this drama are , a NN in `` a department of special mission '' in tokyo metropolitan police department acted by NNP NNP and his buddy acted by NNP NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the provisions in the rent NNP regarding proposals to alter the government rent roll , objections to NN , deletion or interim NN and appeals to the lands tribunal against the decision of the commissioner are similar to those provided under the rating NNP .	15	35	VBP	are	is
the malta national baseball team is the national baseball team of malta .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the frequency varies strongly between males and females .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
the majority of the landscape is NN in the fertile NNP river valley .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
contestants on NN run a NN pattern around three NNS set in a triangle in the arena .	0	3	VBP	run	runs
the earliest one is x the unknown .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he attempts to leave , but the detective says that paul knows an JJ lot about a murder , and may be working with the killer .	7	8	VBZ	says	say
permits are for residents of NNP only and may be obtained through the NNP police department .	0	1	VBP	are	is
four task positions yield six relative NN poles , and NNP selected four to form the opposite pole NN , which he then used to RB generate the NN point curve ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	yield	yields
the problem is that whether they are NNS are not are contested in the first place .	7	8	VBP	are	is
behind the main lodge are six smaller NNS , five of which contain the remainder of the rooms while the sixth lodge contains the hotel 's swimming pool and leisure facilities .	21	22	VBZ	contains	contain
the closing admin should not take it upon themselves to judge whether an article is notable or not but instead if they disagree with the opinions made they should argue in the afd NNS .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
now having established that the person behind this irc account is actually who they claimed to be ( per this edit ) , i had somebody who had just VBN to running a NN and remained JJ .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
it was concluded that the NN capacity of NNP is similar or even higher when compared with the more sophisticated , more complex and hence more expensive mars .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the NN and JJ NN of the NN is one reason for its association with religious buildings .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP requests to web servers are JJ by a JJ string containing `` NNP '' and a host address containing `` NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
his twin brother is NNP NN NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in chinese article of NN NN it is claimed that NN NN is JJ in water ( in english article of NN there is a similar claim using the same source says '' nearly all NN NNS are JJ .	36	37	VBP	are	is
such effects are most severe in JJ and JJ relationships .	1	2	VBP	are	is
entry fee for the NN is 10 pakistani NNS per person .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a further NN is that the VBG procedure results in JJ categories rather than continuously distributed dimensions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
like the NN graph , the NNS of the NNP NN of order n may be labeled with NNS of length n , in such a way that two NNS are adjacent whenever their labels differ in a single bit .	34	35	VBP	differ	differs
the best reference i could find for either location is a really JJ document that happens to be on a pakistani government NN and hence is unlikely to be an invention .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP tells him that his wife is pregnant by another man and that she must VB , because giving birth bonds her to that other man .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
raw hardware devices are protected from direct access , and the file system has an JJ security system giving individual access to files on three levels , user only , group membership , and world access .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the stream of jordan creek runs through this township .	1	5	VBZ	runs	run
the plane draws NN , and you can make out your neighborhood , then your home , your car .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
the player , first as doctor watson and then as NNP holmes , VBZ the explosion and discovers that it was not a gas NN but a bomb which was the cause .	1	13	VBZ	investigates	investigate
people often use the term `` roma '' ( in italian NNP ) , although the people prefer NNP ( in italian NNP ) , which is little used .	16	17	VBP	prefer	prefers
sports facilities include springfield stadium , swimming pools , NN NNS , and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the imdb source for this person is really short at only 3 films in 3 different years .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
people also forget that there were violent communist and JJ riots in germany after NNP .	0	2	VBP	forget	forgets
the NN NNS force the gas through the NN , and the gas NNS at the end of the NNS .	2	3	VBP	force	forces
sponsored sports include cross country , football , basketball , volleyball , softball , baseball , and soccer .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the game uses the NNP engine , a modified version of the JJ NNP ii ( id tech 2 ) engine , along with an additional NN in .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
this means what the project is and how many kids it influenced can both be verified using the links and references provided in the article and are therefore not original research .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
for the NN of the passengers whose destination is the united states , the united states department of homeland security ( NNP ) , u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
yes , i know we do n't have a national language here in the states , but i think it 's logical that a JJ based business would do business in the language which a majority of the population speaks .	35	39	VBZ	speaks	speak
the NNP louis NNP , VBD in an authentic NN green setting , is consistent with the standards of the 17th century , and its parks and gardens are no exception .	25	28	VBP	are	is
parts of the original NN of the highway are now maryland route 45 .	0	8	VBP	are	is
however , with the NN and growth of america , people lose their NN with one another , creating confusion .	10	11	VBP	lose	loses
many research projects held by NNP have an international dimension .	2	6	VBP	have	has
in the united states and most other countries in the common law tradition , VBG judges continue their traditional role as the VBG authorities in the NN of court systems .	15	16	VBP	continue	continues
the impact of english education and various social reform movements is clearly visible in these lines .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
this one is kind of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ancient super NNP modern JJ techniques help firearms experts reveal the accuracy , power and range of ancient bullets , rockets and bombs .	8	9	VBP	reveal	reveals
the cinema is also notable for a NN named terry smith who played guitar outside the cinema in the 1970s , as people VBD to buy tickets .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for the purposes of this question , i will assume that this second nomination has a relatively low support percentage , below what is often considered the JJ range , but not completely JJ precedent .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the career section is pretty JJ towards her in general .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when he VBZ he finds that the key is still in its place ; however , he has become a machine like all the NNS around him .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the cited boston globe article is behind a NN but is clearly a reliable article substantially about NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it is closest to the JJ town of NNP although NN is available on the mountain itself .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's economy depends primarily on tourism , department of defense installations and locally owned businesses .	2	3	VBZ	depends	depend
the opening theme for the first two films is by NNP , which was released on october 10 , 2012 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
together , the first two NNS identify a county .	5	6	VBP	identify	identifies
the nearest commuter rail station on the latter line is in the newton village of NNP , about half a mile away .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
a crucial factor in determining the thermal resistance at an interface is the overlap of NN states .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the school has students in grades CD and offers a wide range of academic and JJ activities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
y '' NNS are variation in which a NN VBZ the free leg up into a vertical split towards the side of the body , creating a y shape with the leg and the NN .	8	9	VBZ	pulls	pull
some more citations are required to be added , the main thing is to add them , keep it .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the paper in question is the mann , bradley and hughes ( 1998 ) nature paper on the original NN temperature reconstruction .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
each week brings special activities and interactive games VBG diversity , NN , decision - making , NN , and communication skills .	1	2	VBZ	brings	bring
instead , project management experts try to identify different `` lightweight '' models , such as extreme programming and NNP .	4	5	VBP	try	tries
every student and every doctor knows that cases of NNP 's disease may show a fever that is high for one week and low for the next week and so on .	1	5	VBZ	knows	know
both his parents are NNS , and he has several brothers and a sister .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the reviewer VBZ that although world without cancer `` is an emotional NN for the JJ use of the NNP as an JJ agent , the scientific evidence to justify such a policy does not appear within it '' .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
the NNP program provides flexible rules and JJ levels of competitive play , which are specifically designed for the physical development and safety requirements of each age group .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
animation is generally VBN unless movement is actually what is being discussed .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the server itself has its own matching communications module ( again either NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
JJ scores include crime , weather , public transit and more .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ NN levels found in the human lineage are six to eight times higher in humans than in NNS , which are mostly fruit NNS and VB little NN relative to humans .	3	9	VBP	are	is
steve goes into a NN game with a NN , but the NN refuses to pay steve the money he VBD , steve VBZ to kill the NN and later on the NN is actually found dead and steve is the suspect for a crime he did n't do .	12	13	VBZ	refuses	refuse
NNS have to fulfill community service requirements of 15 hours per year and NNS have to fulfill 70 hours per year .	0	1	VBP	have	has
i have also VBN to NNS of each song at the allmusic site , and the style matches the NNP album ( which i own ) .	16	17	VBZ	matches	match
at the beginning of development all tests fail by definition ( red ) .	6	7	VBP	fail	fails
the entire setting provides JJ natural views and comfortable NN and complete kitchen facilities .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
some say that the NN of this is to recall just judgement because it is immediately after NNP that VBZ return to NNP .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
although the process does not strictly follow classical NN theory it is often found that such mathematical descriptions provide at least a close NN .	17	18	VBP	provide	provides
in his 1983 book , music as heard , which sets out from the JJ position of NNP , NNP , and NNP , thomas NNP defines music as `` an ordered arrangement of sounds and NNS whose meaning is JJ rather than JJ .	38	39	VBZ	is	are
the most important industry company is the electric light NN factory founded in 1904 NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
places served by direct east midlands trains trains include london , NNP , bedford , nottingham , derby and sheffield .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
this is necessary because `` JJ '' strategic goals are often abstract , and therefore difficult to assess in terms of achievement without referring to some specific , often physical objectives .	8	9	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS are generally well VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i agree that short and highly relevant documents should be in an NN -- it is just not possible to protect what the original authors said if the text is JJ in the wiki way .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
the cloth support is visible in areas where the paint was RB applied .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and i have seen it often the case that the winner of a policy debate is the editor who is willing to stay in the fight the longest .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
this beautiful natural NN in NNP district on the NNP river is about seven km from NNP NNP on the NNP road .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN NNP NN g 1 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
delete since the other three lists do the job just fine .	5	6	VBP	do	does
in the french west indies , specifically the island of NNP , the NNP or NNP is a person able to shed his or her skin to turn into a JJ NN .	8	16	VBZ	is	are
the reference to NNP NNP ' is informative .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
i think the user has the relevant knowledge of policy and the NN that if the tools were ever VBN once informed they would act in the way i would hope an administrator too act .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
new york times critic holland NNP has described the screen 's solid , JJ colors and JJ forms as being regular as `` textile patterns '' , and noted that these screens have `` an NN , JJ look unlike chinese or japanese painting of the time .	31	32	VBP	have	has
NN , the machine NNP is on is down at the moment .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
rubber car NNS are an alternative to NN or textile car NNS and offer JJ protection for a vehicle 's floor .	2	3	VBP	are	is
thus the michael jackson article contains one or more sections on his personal life , while michael jackson ( personal life ) gives details .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the source in no way implies that the award this comic got was non-notable .	1	5	VBZ	implies	imply
these references are all reliable secondary sources , and they alone are more than capable of building a credible article from .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first part of the NN follows the JJ and JJ slope on the southeast flank of the eastern summit .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow
the album marks a return to the aggressive JJ sound of their debut album as opposed to the JJ hard rock featured on NNP road .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
the wings are narrow in shape , with numerous NNS , and somewhat resemble those of primitive insects such as NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the city has an area of 3 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the park extends on both sides of the NNP NNP , which constitutes the border between the countries .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
NNP 's sons , with NNP , prepare to VB NN and his followers .	2	7	VBP	prepare	prepares
although other british accounting bodies use the title chartered NNP , the ca designation is unique to NNP in the uk .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
the most common model of a JJ earth is the earth NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
some widespread NNS include the sand NNP , european green NN , western green NNP , NNP NN , common wall NN , NNP wall NN , italian wall NNP and others .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the leader of moon tree , NNP , is an expert NN and created a place for NNS called `` net NNP '' .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the town has basketball , baseball and volleyball facilities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the marathon is also a notably famous event for local wedding proposals .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples of this construct include meyer 's and hermann 's bridges , found in greek JJ NN in the second and fourth feet , respectively .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the one thing '' is a song by australian rock group NNP , released as the first single from their 1982 album NNP NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
hence , if NNP is equal to zero , and since the root mean square ( NNS ) translation distance is one standard NN , there is 68 .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
i agree that the law desk is probably not a good idea , but the pop culture desk sounds like a good one to me .	17	18	VBZ	sounds	sound
much later , the water is neck high .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
tv series are not going to get the critical coverage that other fictional characters do , particularly when the subject is getting near 15 years old .	13	14	VBP	do	does
the NN is 300 metres high , one of the highest NNS in germany .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile NNP 's uncle ( raja NNP ) visits the local member of parliament ( mp ) , someone whom NNP has helped to win the election to release NNP from the police NN .	3	8	VBZ	visits	visit
the city of hyderabad is an important center of NNP language in the NNP ; its surrounding areas also host a notable population of NNP speakers .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the ground has some friction on the balls that VBZ them down .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this category is a parent category for categories about people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it depends on whether the segments are actually lit or just a different colour .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the class is very similar to the queensland rail CD class locomotives .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the third law of NNS is consistent with this definition , since zero NN means that the NN of the system reduces to a single NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP block consists of rural areas with ten NN NNS , NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this report makes NNP NNP the first officially recorded cave in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the NNP sequences are typically general NNP and NNP standard , but sequences that use proprietary NNP standards like roland NNP and NNP NNP are also available on the site .	2	3	VBP	are	is
additionally , there are issues with the transportation of sick , pregnant women ; if NNS are not available , JJ NNS may also be effective .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the NN archive of the newspaper held at the state library of victoria spans 4 jan 1883 to 24 december 1920 .	2	13	VBZ	spans	span
appearance there is not enough , by itself to prove notability , but it does contribute to or support notability .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
most NNS dealt with subjects featured in the popular science magazine , such as NNP , a stock on whether the upcoming video game NNP would be released by the 2nd quarter of 2008 .	1	2	VBP	dealt	dealt
both NNP and NNP have feelings for her , though they can not touch her , as her program is different from that of a NNP .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
upon breaking the NN , the knight 's arms become the arms of a cross .	8	9	VBP	become	becomes
for much of its length , the NNP 's course is nearly parallel to that of the much larger NNP in the east .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's thesis is controversial , but he has proved it to be possible with his own NNP ' choir , which is dedicated to the works of NNP and his students and in which females sing bass , tenor , soprano and alto , all at pitch .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the wayne state warriors football team is the college football team at wayne state university in detroit , michigan .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
but the biggest NN to making your own wiki work is the need to establish a community of users who know what they are doing , and who agree with the project 's goals .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
although the use of NN and NN is equal to the usage of such symbols in other JJ languages , it is promoted by JJ NNP and adopted by the territorial government .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP and bermuda NNS provide the bulk of the NN .	3	4	VBP	provide	provides
her symbol is either a green disk marked with a circle or a NN , female NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the line features several bridges , grade NNS , including one for parade NNS east of `` it 's a small world '' which doubles as access to the service track , yard and NN for locomotive and train storage and maintenance , located NN beneath the NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
in the film , different characters speak different dialects of malayalam , for example the villagers speak pure NNP malayalam of south NNP , the NN uses the NNP malayalam the fake doctor uses NNP malayalam etc .	5	6	VBP	speak	speaks
the third movement is in NN form and is in the JJ key , c major .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the community includes the villages NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
dave is a trustee of NNP economics , a charity whose aim is to NN NNS into the charitable sector to help on short and JJ NNS , typically addressing questions around measurement , results and impact .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
on NNP , all main systems are JJ .	5	6	VBP	are	is
just as the name suggests , NNS predominantly eat insects , especially NNS , NN and NNS which are caught in the air by NNS from an open NN .	3	4	VBZ	suggests	suggest
all ufc shows are JJ to warrant keeping .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the night market occupies an area of nearly 3000 square meters with about JJ history .	2	3	VBZ	occupies	occupy
NNP dot net is the official fan site , with constant updates from the 3 band members themselves and their NN , to ban the site is ridiculous .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the case of such a trade taking place on a security and its related NNS contract , the trade will be JJ if the purchase price plus the net cost of carry is less than the NNS price .	26	33	VBZ	is	are
the JJ construction of the vehicle follows colin chapman 's philosophy of VBG the JJ ratio by VBG weight rather than simply adding power .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow
film director , screenwriter and film producer steven NNP is also a resident in the area .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS are really in no way VBN with extra powers or NNS , technical or political -- they are simply a method of organizing administrative activities so as to ensure that all needed tasks of NN are completed and so that effort is not VBN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NNS are light JJ with scattered dark brown scales .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , how even the competition is also matters .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
delete - NN , NN with no evidence of reasons why this is encyclopedic .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ species include the common crane ( NNP NN ) , NNP crane ( NNP NN ) , JJ NN ( NNP NNS ) , VBZ ( NNP ) , VBZ ( NNP ) , VBZ ( NNP NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP railway is a standard gauge railway in the state of lower saxony in northern germany that belongs to the east NNP railways ( NNP NNP or NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fact that the NNP continually VBZ gay NN and lgbt people 's goals is pretty well documented .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
this image is a representative NN of those characters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most important places are NNP and NNP , NNP famous in NNP festivals and lot .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the giant NN is large , JJ , and JJ ( active through the day ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the descendants that were alive at the death of richard ii are in bold .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the amount of questions makes navigation a little difficult .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make
another key quality of the rocket NNP system is what they call the `` art of modification '' .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
most people know editors can use they keyboard , but are mostly interested in being able to read without VBG their NN too often .	1	2	VBP	know	knows
many articles fall under the scope of many NNS , and these NNS can and do have very different recommendations .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
lead is too short for an article of this size .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the scene then changes to the lions ' house .	1	3	VBZ	changes	change
the show still plays in NN on several television networks despite the relatively small number of episodes compared to most american syndicated television programs .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play
NNP systems connect NNP to various NNS within and outside the city ( including NNP and NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	connect	connects
the track area VBZ and it has over of different types of test tracks .	2	3	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
the village has one public house , called `` the lord of the isles '' , a village store , as well as a NN and marina office .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
delete - this user is becoming a prominent NN on wikipedia , and the latest incarnation is almost certainly a sockpuppet of the indefinitely banned users who have come before .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , JJ valley is an issue concerning NNS , not film animation , which is what JJ syndrome is concerned with .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
together , evidence suggests NNP is related to song modification rather than just song stability as NN occurs more frequently in NNS , especially during the NN phase , where they have very variable songs compared to adults who generally have more stable songs .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
in 2006 , technical associate was changed to `` diploma '' ( but the original japanese name was not changed ) because its name is more common and known in english spoken countries and it was hard to understand its true value for the NNS .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
hitler told a party leader in 1934 , `` the economic system of our day is the creation of the jews .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
other examples of small groups in isolated living conditions are record NN flights , NN ( JJ ) NNS , oil platforms , NNS , NNS , small islands and underground bases .	1	9	VBP	are	is
one such example is NNP , a slavic water NN whose existence was ignored in NN several decades ago .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a conflict of interest check is also an important step before a book of business can be considered portable .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
alignment of the crystal axis with the ray axis is critical .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
the work suggests the JJ effects of human NN on the environment while at the same time represents the transformation of the JJ into the beautiful .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the first four fields form the mandatory header .	3	4	VBP	form	forms
that 's why so many articles about tiny , JJ places are almost RB VBN .	5	11	VBP	are	is
the text which holds everything together is RB weak , and the NN NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
as this series was extremely well ( and often ) reviewed at the time , i suspect many other reviews exist .	19	20	VBP	exist	exists
each episode tells a `` coming of age '' story and features three different groups of animals , mostly cats and dogs , in their first eight to 12 weeks of their lives .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the article has my full support .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these differences in structure can be attributed to the fact that NNP 's lineage is actually a gameplay sequel to a japanese NNP game boy color game called pocket king , a sequel to the 1988 NNP title king of kings ( featured in NNP anthology 2 ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
recent developments in NNS include the NNP ( electronic NNP counter system ) designed to detect NNP NNS .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
my impression is that some participants there assumed that the questionable actions and statements there could be seen as merely the occasional NNS of a busy and productive contributor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yeah , i have no idea what this article is about , nor can i find anything about this .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
without any objective NNS to say what is a battleship and what not the only thing that can be done is compare it to european ships of the time .	15	20	VBZ	is	are
the government relies on a number of cargo operators to supplement its own NN fleet .	1	2	VBZ	relies	rely
many buildings have a cold water storage tank in the NN which is fed by the NNS water supply , and in turn supplies water to the NNS in other rooms , such as NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
besides this VBG NN , two movies also contain some VBG NN .	6	8	VBP	contain	contains
the story follows the history of the united states from its time as a british province to the beginning of tensions between north and south in the CD .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
when a person VBZ to speak , the vocal NNS come together over the NN and NN due to the NN from the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	prepares	prepare
the physical evidence that suspects exhibit and which drugs are likely to cause such effects are recorded .	8	9	VBP	are	is
after fate brings a meeting with del , a woman who appears to speak somewhat RB , they VBP on a race to flee the creature .	1	2	VBZ	brings	bring
other JJ facilities include leonard house , the head of school 's residence .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the food plants for this species are NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
while this for itself would have been merely an opinion or conviction of NNP , the reference to NNP is an attempt of VBG it as everybody 's fate .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the passages tend to be low and often VBN with mud .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
the original 17th century design for the tomb is in the NNP library , cambridge , and an image of it may also be found at the national portrait gallery .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the state is generally RB ; the highest mountain is the NNP with a height of CD .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
SYM - tribe NNP the habitat consists of swamp forests with a dense NN .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
each august the NNP VBZ its annual JJ convention , where some the world 's biggest and best NNS displays occur .	19	20	VBP	occur	occurs
both NNS ( the cells which VBP JJ formation ) and NNP ' processes affect the NNS ' pattern .	13	14	VBP	affect	affects
the site occupies an area of , protected by massive city walls and a NN on top of a hill .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
a prime example of this is the NNP iv , probably the JJS JJ launch vehicle in history ( perhaps following the space shuttle ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
as he VBZ through the city , NNS fall out of windows , forming a sort of road for bush .	7	8	VBP	fall	falls
the causes of this disorder are unknown , but it is thought to VB with inner ear problems , possibly NN from head injuries or childhood diseases .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the NN space contains JJ fluid ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
research supports the use of NNP for the control of pain associated with JJ procedures such as VBG and NN of NNS .	0	1	VBZ	supports	support
the JJ problem is that the one experienced editor he drove away was doing at least twenty times more good work than the problem editor was - and there may be more experienced editors who were driven away , as well as NNS that never got started .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this editor has been repeatedly VBN of policy and that the sources are reliable , yet to no NN .	11	12	VBP	are	is
since NNS ' favourite sports traditionally are things like competitive eating and extreme NNP other NNS find him very VBG to be around .	7	16	VBP	find	finds
the inland port consists of a single rail VBG with an adjacent hard stand surface for the NNS , and the NN is operated by top and tail trains with engines at both ends .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
currently , the people are still in malaysia .	3	4	VBP	are	is
its mission statement is `` to VB the melbourne experience through outstanding sport and recreation programs and facilities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
myspace link is a dead NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
construction work is currently underway , with stage 1 completed in 2011 and the centre is named to be VBN one ' [ 8 ] .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the player makes more progress in missions , it becomes more and more apparent that the NNP has plans of his own , and later he VBZ the NNP and reveals his tower that his NNS have built .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
a JJ second inning for colorado puts jeff francis up early for seven strong innings on the mound .	3	6	VBZ	puts	put
most of the `` JJ baby animals '' are mammals - baby flies , baby NNS and even most baby birds are ugly as sin , at least from a human perspective .	12	21	VBP	are	is
assertion of notability seems insufficient , and searching google found nothing significant .	0	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the first , most JJ NN arch gives rise to the oral NN .	6	7	VBZ	gives	give
i gather the article is about ( rewrite if it stays , for the love of god ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the earliest manuscripts are from the 9th century , though a few fragments are somewhat earlier .	12	13	VBP	are	is
historians also believe NNP was a significant NN point on the roman NNP street , as the romans are reported to have maintained a small base or garrison in the village .	0	2	VBP	believe	believes
the distribution depends on the values of ( NN , m ) .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
the reservoir has a capacity of and a surface area of CD acres ( 3 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his mother worked as a manager in a nursing home , while his father is an engineer at NNP and a lifetime NN furniture designer .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the site is free of charge for job NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a wide range of subjects is available to study .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the family belongs to the NNP clan , and is descended from NNP NNP , a JJ NNP saint .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
animals with this condition find it more difficult to eat ( especially snakes , whose JJ NNS compromise their ability to VB food down their throat ) .	0	4	VBP	find	finds
delete all i agree , numbers only deserve articles when they have a certain number of special properties .	5	7	VBP	deserve	deserves
one reason for this is that for many years , art critics dismissed his art as folk painting , with his activities as a collector and NNS dealer considered more important .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
another interpretation is that the symbol incorporates twelve reversed `` NNP NNS '' of the NNP NNS .	5	6	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
he indicates his information comes from NNS etc .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
william NNP 's name lives on in the local NNP primary school that was built after the second world war .	3	4	VBZ	lives	live
generally , the winning party decides the chief minister .	4	5	VBZ	decides	decide
the JJ NNS end in NNP with the widow of emperor NNP , NNP ii , acting as regent for her son , the future michael iii .	2	3	VBP	end	ends
many houses are one family houses .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fundamental difference between male and female reproduction mechanisms determines the different strategies each sex employs to VB their JJ success .	14	15	VBZ	employs	employ
resources are well managed and the school provides good value for money .	6	7	VBZ	provides	provide
ice NNS also use the ice itself as protection .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
in contrast to the first suite for two NNS , the work is not based on literature , and the form tends to approach the traditional suite .	20	21	VBZ	tends	tend
the process involves a detailed review of the article by an independent NN , who determines whether the article meets the good article criteria .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
particularly associated with 20th century british music , NNP 's prolific recordings include the complete NNP williams NNS , as well as many works by NNP and NNP .	11	12	VBP	include	includes
the particles comprising the beach are occasionally biological in origin , such as NN shells or VB NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
afd and the various policies and guidelines that exist to decide what content is encyclopedic or not .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
JJ programs usually provide conversion functions or NNS or the user can write their own .	1	3	VBP	provide	provides
the system is also largely automated and can take some of the NN off the pilot .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
summary NNS are the least serious criminal NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other parts of the aircraft are preserved in the NNP museum at nearby NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
at the end of 2009 it produced another report which proposed that NNP NNP and NNP de NNP should be considered together as an area where ski NNS are possible .	27	28	VBP	are	is
JJ evidence suggests that portions of the NNP basin have been inhabited by NNP peoples and NNP peoples .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
political communication is a quarterly american scholarly journal covering political communication topics , published jointly by the american political science association and the international communication association via NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that or when people realize that they can not act on a neutral point of view as viewed from various talk pages and afd 's .	3	4	VBP	realize	realizes
NNP 's stated goals include the development and implementation of a regional management plan , documentation and conservation of the archaeological features at NNP NNP and the engagement of the local indigenous communities as major NNS in the preservation and sustainable development of the site .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
obviously we do not agree on multiple issues in the article , but the way to solve this is not to silence all opposing views .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
in static NN , all expressions have their types determined prior to when the program is executed , typically at NN .	5	6	VBP	have	has
apart from species VBG strong sexual NN , relatively few authors take the trouble to VB such a specimen .	10	11	VBP	take	takes
church of the NNP is a historic episcopal church located at blue mountain lake in hamilton county , new york .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
a harsh song demands an JJ title .	2	3	VBZ	demands	demand
NNP california 's license still remains valid to this day .	3	5	VBZ	remains	remain
he is the son of one of the greatest chinese players , NNP NNP 9 dan , and his mother is kong VBG 8 dan .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the NN generally consists of rice NNS , VBN and VBN NNS , VBD NN and VBD meat mixed with NNS .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the town is conscious about the resources and is keen to take care and look after the surrounding forest to ensure they have a good supply of JJ energy for the future .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ redirect already exists at NNP NNP .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
rider on the rain '' is also the main theme of the original movie soundtrack ( with lyrics by NNP NNP and sung by french NN NNP ) .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
depending on the scenario , players may be required to place their team in a specific location , or they may VB select where each player begins .	25	26	VBZ	begins	begin
being able to play the NNP round means that the total value of the cards in the player 's hand is 31 or higher .	11	20	VBZ	is	are
this source seems to provide the information that you seek .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the only exception is the afl grand final , which is decided by a full NN if the match is drawn ; extra time is played if the NN is also drawn .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cadets have a mandatory medical NN at the start and end of every term .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the trail passes echo lake before reaching billy jones lake .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
i was unable to find any discussion of this criminal gang in any reliable sources , so i am forced to conclude that this topic is either non-notable or made up .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
i think the past NN is the JJ context here , and the sense in which the question should be understood , interpreted and answered .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
once sworn in , the government is capable of acting , without further confirmation by the national council .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
even if the information is true , it can not be verifiable because you have not provided any sources .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in the modern era , the holder is by convention always a member of one of the houses of parliament and the office is a cabinet post .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
youtube videos are never reliable sources .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first two paragraphs under the section `` cultural aspects '' contain specific information that is not cited properly or at all .	3	11	VBP	contain	contains
my mother is very religious , a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
there is evidence of stone age , iron age , roman and medieval activity here , although the name `` NNP '' appears to be a medieval name possibly referring to NNP hall and its park .	18	22	VBZ	appears	appear
the surname is however the source for county NNP , northern ireland , which means `` place of the men of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fact that layer upon layer of process is being created to continually VB this is JJ .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
according to this page and others , the total mass of the atmosphere is 5 .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the show takes six of the nation 's top college football incoming freshman and put them in a house in chicago for one week .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
NNP 's two known works appear in a manuscript assembled in NNP , where alexander v died in may CD .	4	5	VBP	appear	appears
west b NNP champions , they now play in the top tier of bulgarian football , the a professional football group , for the first time in the club 's history .	3	7	VBP	play	plays
the difference is that damages for NN usually reflect c 's NN interest , whereas damages for breach of contract protect c 's NN interest , although the rules on NN will apply in the latter case .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
then , an NN policy acts to VB our available attention among a variety of possible activities .	4	5	VBZ	acts	act
because van der NNP , like most of the early JJ painters , was not VBN until the early 19th century , many of his works were RB attributed or dated , and major pieces such as the berlin NNP NNP continue to emerge .	34	41	VBP	continue	continues
the family history starts with the appointment of NNS i as the successor to NNP , the last king of the eighteenth dynasty who had no NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
the functions of a VBN municipality vary by NN and by municipality , but generally relate to what are called NNS de NN , known as `` local powers '' in english .	1	15	VBP	relate	relates
secondly , the diffs are there to establish that you violated 3rr and that is JJ here .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the second step is to VB the JJ thoughts to a brain NN called NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the story VBZ around the JJ relationship between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
JJ NN NN operations include miami NNP NNP ( the biggest in the world with a record audience of 15 , CD people in 27 december 1975 ) and NNP NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the district is in the southeast part of the city of calgary .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a related criticism is that the apparent equity premium is an NN of VBG stock market NNS in progress .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a man named ralph NNP tells him that george has been killed by members of the `` NNP men '' cult .	1	5	VBZ	tells	tell
appeal periods and NN NNS remain after the NNP .	1	5	VBP	remain	remains
at the end of season 1 , NNP is VBN by josh while he is VBG , and the beginning of season 2 sees her as another NN .	19	23	VBZ	sees	see
the phone has a NN browser which seems to be very slow ( in data processing ) to many .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most complete collection of them is that of j .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
these notes are of historic interest to NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these tools include `` NNS '' cut from JJ leaves and JJ NNS of grass .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
as in other sports , the captain is usually an experienced cricketer with good communication skills , who is likely to be one of the most regular members of the team ; indeed the captain often has a say in team selection .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP is very explicit in VBG that all union negotiations are a collective NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this view VBZ the presence of internal climate NN .	1	2	VBZ	ignores	ignore
in addition this text is essentially in the public domain in other parts of the world since the author died in 1937 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP temple complex includes the NNP tank , in which the priests of NNP NNP temple are expected to bath each day before entering the temple .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the stick is cool , but i let NNP and red know we have the NN NNP now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
consider whether or not a NN page is necessary .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN mouse is actually good - focuses attention on the bits that make the mouse work .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the song uses the word `` NNP '' , however the word does not exist in the german language , but it is an english word made german .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the organization also works to generate income for the community through the museum , crafts , and tourism .	1	3	VBZ	works	work
murder is a thriller novel by donald hamilton .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
eating and drinking facilities such as a NNP king , as well as other shops and bus company offices , face the stands on central square .	3	20	VBP	face	faces
the act permits farmers to file complaints with NNP , which can then institute court proceedings , if they believe their rights under the law have been violated .	1	2	VBZ	permits	permit
this division is still very apparent today .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
weak NN NNS are VBN in the NN and JJ case , most commonly with NN of a NN NN , such as or , while the other cases remain JJ .	28	29	VBP	remain	remains
the beaches of the department are equally popular among tourists and residents alike and become popular during the summer .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in civil law countries people keep their own names for official purposes , but what name they use for social purposes varies .	4	5	VBP	keep	keeps
the author in question is a very good contributor .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the farm was started by two young NNS ( NNS ) in CD , and since the locals always referred to the farm as `` the place where the two young NNS stay '' , the name stuck .	31	32	VBP	stay	stays
RB NN talk page where the reasons of the block are ( or not ) VBN .	6	10	VBP	are	is
it supports its own NNP protocol that lets users post direct links off the web for NN , where only the owner of the link knows where the file is .	21	25	VBZ	knows	know
people support delete because this is a news event , and i was among them .	0	1	VBP	support	supports
adult editors VBD with free will can make choices , and adults accept responsibility for their choices .	11	12	VBP	accept	accepts
the comments are largely from the same editors who always seem to arrive to back you up , especially the two who never edit catholic articles .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some people are not compatible with the project and must be RB asked to leave .	1	2	VBP	are	is
according to the journal citation reports , its 2010 impact factor is 5 .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
however , these bombs are less accurate than conventional JJ bombs .	3	4	VBP	are	is
constructed in the side of a JJ NN quarry , the most prominent feature of the complex is an JJ concrete dome .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
such devices are normally only used for NN ( NNP effect ) , because the efficiency for generating electrical power is only a few percent .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the point is that you were just trying to rename an image , and your initial introduction of a redirect - spotted by NNP midway through the process - gave the wrong impression of what was going on .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the neighborhood is home to the israeli conservatory of music and the hungarian embassy amongst others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is not , itself , a source anyway , only a NN of other materials ; there is no evidence that NNP NNP 's NNS are JJ here .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the average life span is 4 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many different concepts exist to express how players might interact .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
the mountain trail from the NNP house to the NNP runs over the NN .	2	10	VBZ	runs	run
i then see if i can hear the iv and v NNS ( where i is the key the song is in ) , and identify the key that way .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the dragon , NNP , loves literature , enjoys VBG long poems over dinner , and only uses his JJ abilities to VB NN NN through his left NN and he is a NN among dragons .	1	5	VBZ	loves	love
additionally , some entries need to be VBN for verifiability .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
i would like to know if jumping NNS are able to jump while on the ceiling , like they do on a wall .	7	8	VBP	are	is
weak delete i like the idea ; this particular collection , however , looks like an JJ collection of texts picked up off amazon .	9	13	VBZ	looks	look
the first act begins with the family preparing to move from the countryside to san juan , capital of puerto rico , in search of a `` better life '' .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
other important groups are JJ NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP baba , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP followers etc .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in later combination with the law of energy conservation , the JJ theory still shows a very valuable physical insight into some aspects of heat .	12	14	VBZ	shows	show
the NNP ice NN is the eastern part of the NNP ice NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reason for the NN is that the total number of NNS is VBN in the JJ ensemble .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if this word does become widespread in the future and sources become available to prove it , you are more than welcome to VB this article then .	10	11	VBP	become	becomes
the ratio of the force driving the bicycle to the force on the NN , which is the total mechanical advantage of the bicycle , is the product of the speed ratio and the JJ NN ratio .	1	25	VBZ	is	are
the river rises from an unnamed pond in warwick near the intersection of NNP road and NNP drive .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
but now scientist keeps finding more NNS , and numbers of NNS keep NN .	9	12	VBP	keep	keeps
NNP water flows from NNP reservoir and joins the head water of the NNP water near NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
reviewing for the observer , NNP NNP stated that `` NNP 's writing is hard , fast and funny , and there 's a JJ NN to the JJ violence '' .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
discovery channel 's official website , which primarily provides information on the channel 's programming and additional content tied to those shows ; it also features several exclusive JJ games , with various JJ or JJ challenges .	4	25	VBZ	features	feature
very few NNS actually survive the course of bond 's assignment , and their deaths often come in the final scenes of the film .	14	16	VBP	come	comes
females have a pale NN , and the NN NNS are RB VBN with brown .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the council VBZ the city manager to handle day to day operations .	1	2	VBZ	hires	hire
JJ NNS present at birth VBG from the JJ site and are usually mature or JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
due to the design studio based structure of the program , the student to faculty ratio is a relatively low 17 to 1 .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
the NN VBZ NNP that he is VBG with forces he ca n't control , and that none of the worlds NNP visits are real , which is why he has never met himself .	22	23	VBP	are	is
inheritance tax is normally JJ on the death estate when an individual dies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
intent on getting a NN , the reporter VBZ private NN john NNP to help her find out just what information is being handed over .	7	8	VBZ	hires	hire
structures of the NNP on the NNS of the deletion of one of its sister pages , i recommend this be deleted on the grounds that wikipedia is not a game guide .	0	18	VBP	recommend	recommends
when the NN is full , an increase in JJ pressure forces the walls of the JJ canal apart allowing the JJ matter to enter the canal .	7	11	VBZ	forces	force
all JJ songs released prior to october 26 , 2010 are JJ among rock band , rock band 2 , rock band 3 , and rock band NNP while those after only work with rock band 3 and rock band NNP .	2	10	VBP	are	is
NN rocks are less common than JJ or volcanic rocks and often form NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , or NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main method of distribution is in individual , JJ NNS so that the toy inside can not be seen .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ blood pressure is JJ and JJ by JJ methods , occurring between NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the largest towns in the constituency are NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
a quick google search indicates mostly facebook and youtube results .	3	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
middlesex village , situated along the NNP river , is the town 's chief settlement and location of the town hall .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
enemies also follow this and the player can decide whether to kill them by attacking their hp or mp .	0	2	VBP	follow	follows
computer NNS suggest that the probability of formation of a JJ black hole is RB proportional to its mass .	5	13	VBZ	is	are
this article appears to have been RB deleted and then recreated by the same author , who also removed my prod .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP NNP is clearly reverting RB , and thinks that ip addresses are by definition vandals .	11	12	VBP	are	is
without a way to recover and store the NN energy , these engines currently have no option other than to transfer it into the atmosphere as heat , using large electric heating elements and high velocity cooling fans .	12	14	VBP	have	has
ultimately it 's quite likely that these are JJ errors where the editor believed they were using the sources in an acceptable manner , and it 's important to find out how widespread the issue is before judging its NN .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the film is an adapted in a full 3 chapter manga book which is closely related to the film except there are few difference the present NN is removed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the paragraph that begins as the brain is the most complex biological .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
although VBD an JJ ' by the composer , the overall design is a JJ poem in NN form with an introduction and an NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNS are already VBN , clearly , with the right to make judgment calls on whether a user 's edits are in good faith of bad faith .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the city also holds an annual cultural festival called the festival cultural NNP .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the NN is a compact , JJ NN up to 8 or 10 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the plan is a `` JJ sequences of NNS '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , the third and fourth characters are actually the JJ signs VBP and VBP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
presbyterian and reformed churches reject papal NN .	3	4	VBP	reject	rejects
sources say that john will be driven to the shock decision when an incident at NNP leads to fresh building work at the factory , where he VBZ the body of his NN colin NNP in july 2010 .	13	16	VBZ	leads	lead
the participants ( champions from the similar events held in district levels ) are the students from classes 8th to 12th ( from age 14 to 18 ) following the academic NN approved by government of kerala .	1	13	VBP	are	is
a NN can be seen between the first and second NNS , while JJ NN rays fly overhead .	15	16	VBP	fly	flies
the piece features a grand introduction with fast VBG JJ notes in both hands , setting the mood of the piece , also ; it shows the JJ side of NNP 's art .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
JJ NN technique takes advantage of the JJ mechanism that exists naturally .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
NNP is n't being reported as a NNP sock ( rather , this user 's screen name is inappropriate and was reported for being so ) .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the village has its own parish council and is part of NNP parliamentary constituency .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the village consists of a local garage , some housing areas , a village hall and a church .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the set features a floor tom , two NN NNS , a kick drum , NN , NN and crash NNS , stands , NNS , a drum chair , VBG key , and drum NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
however the editor has no support for the changes on the talk page and the nature of the arguments made is not related to sources and in some cases VBP ( my grandfather was a black and tan and the like ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the land of NNP is under the NN of the NNP , whose heavy NN is forcing the NNP NNS out of their holdings .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the result is a slightly VBN version of the original which is not affected by a single NN NN to any significant degree .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the cabin currently contains several artifacts donated by the NNP family .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
though it is a JJ view that NNP was assassinated for political reasons , the details are not clear .	15	16	VBP	are	is
in the NNP system , the advantages of NNP over NN data are even lower since the NNP radio interface has been specifically designed to support high NN , low NN NN connections .	6	12	VBP	are	is
the race is a current event , the winner being announced is a news event .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as such , their NNS are unstable ; gradually VBN over thousands of years until their NNS VBP with that of mars or jupiter .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the tall NNS are `` the maximum height allowed to enable the craft to pass underneath bridges cross the globe .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his books explore the circumstances and relationships of people near the bottom of america 's social and economic spectrum , JJ , and often VBN by alcohol addiction .	1	2	VBP	explore	explores
the album , which was officially released on 23 november 2005 , is a double cd album VBN with deeply personal and highly JJ music according to NNP .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the various NNS allow visitors to purchase NNS and sample cuisine from the countries and regions represented in the scenic portion of the park .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
the goal consists of taking the balls and throwing them into the hole at the center of the stage .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
although the name is NNP , JJ inscriptions to NNP are in latin or , rarely , greek .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG 's identity becomes an NN which leads NNP across the `` mountains of the moon '' for more than just the small painting .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
you can see my following comment is completely civil , but he does the exact opposite .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its main town is NNP de NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP universe contains several types of planets and 12 types of stars , noted NN with an s in front of the number of the star .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
JJ dictionary definitions are still dictionary definitions and wikipedia is not a dictionary .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this team includes individual researchers as well as research units ( centres , NNS and affiliated institutes ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
my arguments were that the references in wikipedia and in the other places where this term , `` NN of global choice '' , appears , have no NNS of it , and second , people who were trying to explain the meaning of this term did not succeed .	5	26	VBP	have	has
according to one story , if two people sit on these animals at the same time , they will be lifelong friends .	7	8	VBP	sit	sits
the school 's current president is kim NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a library is in the main block .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the station is the first commercially based JJ television station in the united states , and considered the founding station of the entire NNP network .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article covers only the constituencies wholly or predominantly within the area of the historic county of NNP , both before and after the administrative changes of 1889 , 1965 and 1974 .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
on the other hand , if the running time of the algorithm is much smaller than d communication rounds , then the nodes in the network must produce their output without having the possibility to obtain information about distant parts of the network .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the minimum size of the laser spot is proportional to the NN of the laser , so WRB is a limiting factor upon the amount of information that can be stored in a given physical area on the disc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
however , brian makes the NNP aware of carter 's pollution , and as time goes on things get worse , up to the point where the citizens start beating each other .	27	28	VBP	start	starts
the site of the latter is now gay city state park .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the aim of this treatment is pain elimination , or the reduction of pain to the point where NNS may be effective .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other groups in the building include the missouri department of conservation and older adults services and information systems ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
other home team agencies maintain an CD ' presence for their training schools , e .	3	4	VBP	maintain	maintains
a google search brings up many NNP VBG the site , maybe this could be mentioned , but may be too trivial .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring
the master VBZ along with NNP , his fate unknown .	1	2	VBZ	disappears	disappear
i can only hope this behavior is not JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
his symbols are a JJ NN and a JJ male face with dark features and small NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
organizations as diverse as the NNP NNPS and the NNP anime club RB hold events , programs , and NNS .	0	13	VBP	hold	holds
the current parish priest , rev patrick NNP , is the son of irish international footballer jimmy NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
if `` help '' is JJ , program control VBZ when `` help '' is pressed ; in this instance , the program determines what action to take .	22	23	VBZ	determines	determine
in asking questions , the player also has to deal with the witnesses ' different personality types and their relationships with barnes , with NNP , and with each other .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
the only NNP light lord that has been identified is the god NNP , NNP the aged NNP god .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
power house has 18 generator units with NNP NNS , each 78 mw at 12 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
issues typically consist of several individual stories as opposed to one JJ storyline .	0	2	VBP	consist	consists
most other countries still follow the network radio model .	2	4	VBP	follow	follows
in most of the early NNS , the poet knight meets a NN who VBZ him in a battle of NN and who displays general NN .	9	10	VBZ	meets	meet
indeed , the range of price and format reveals the extent to which poetry was VBN and sold for different NNS .	3	8	VBZ	reveals	reveal
its original spanish title is la NNP del terror NN , which means `` the night of the blind terror '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
which essentially means that the NNP point is outside the framework in which the universe rises , because it is by the attraction of the NNP point that the universe VBZ towards him .	14	15	VBZ	rises	rise
following the JJ NN , city hall 's role is primarily to support public NNS .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
eventually he is found not guilty of the rape and murder of the girl when a local white man breaks down under questioning and admits that he VBD the girl .	18	19	VBZ	breaks	break
i believe that at least the first few paragraphs are of reasonable quality .	8	9	VBP	are	is
another type of JJ activity occurs in the hours preceding an NN .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
the JJ receptor is a type i VBP receptor , binding NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
those are currently being VBN VBG the left NN search box and that box just throws the control to the desired page and does n't show a list of matching pages .	13	15	VBZ	throws	throw
the sixth floor holds social sciences and history resources .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
the majority of traffic is JJ , from NNS in summer to NNS bound for hunter mountain in winter .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
orange gear is hard to come by , extremely difficult to control and very , very dangerous .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , according to a boston globe news report , believes the ultimate goal of groups such as the islamic society `` is to VB american muslims and , eventually , to establish an islamic society ruled by strict NNP law .	13	22	VBZ	is	are
the NN takes the risk that the NN may default .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
a full moon is the lunar phase that occurs when the moon is completely VBN as seen from the earth .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ language teaching ( NNP ) VBZ interaction as both the means and the ultimate goal of learning a language .	2	6	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
so afd voters have to cite what they said .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the programs all include NN , hiking , community service , connections with local residents and a variety of NNS and workshops .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
the design provides sufficient NN for JJ precision NNS while reducing the weight of the mirror .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
grants through this program are available to members of the native american tribes that came in contact with the lewis and clark expedition between CD .	0	4	VBP	are	is
as they fight , strange tells the hood that NNP 's promises are empty , as are all other demons , but parker VBZ him and attacks them both .	11	12	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP focuses on the development of mother of NNP 's relationship with NNP no NNP ( `` the prince '' ) and how these experiences affect her .	25	26	VBP	affect	affects
the boom contains a JJ pipe to transfer fuel .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
notable NN sports events where events regularly sell out well in advance and are broadcast to large audiences include the NNP , NNP professional baseball , korea professional baseball , j .	3	18	VBP	include	includes
common NN species include NN , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
based on a children 's book written by NNP NNP in the 1970s , the movie is about the difficult transition in macedonia after world war ii .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
only the path whose path metric is no less than t can be next visited .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the privileges and NNS granted to the NNP are the result of negotiations with the host governments and these vary from one office to another .	1	8	VBP	are	is
houston , texas NN by day and runs a JJ beauty salon on the corner of her NN in the NNS .	3	7	VBZ	runs	run
the front website is an informal developer meeting place .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the websites are entirely non-notable , and one does not exist yet .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the device opens when NNP VBZ it , and is activated when NNP VBZ it .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
other activities include dancing , VBG and playing sports , - especially football ( soccer ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
sarah soon realizes that her heart is with NNP , and NNP and NNP give in to their attraction and share several NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
he does , and finds a note from NNP hidden inside it ; the note asks that he explain who he is and why he has followed her to NNP , by way of singing his answer to the tune of the song .	14	15	VBZ	asks	ask
for audio applications and in room temperatures , such noise is usually a little less than 1 NN ( NN ) of white noise .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
many older versions of the article are better and more like what featured article should look like .	2	6	VBP	are	is
my interaction with you and my unrelated review of your contributions leads me to think you 'd make an excellent admin , but adminship VBZ a bit more JJ involvement in the project .	1	11	VBZ	leads	lead
jump in the line '' is a song composed by JJ NN lord NNP ( NNP roberts ) that won the 1946 trinidad carnival road march .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the typical VBG membrane potential of a cell VBZ from the separation of NN NNS from JJ , relatively JJ NNS across the membrane of the cell .	4	8	VBZ	arises	arise
the numbering system for the airborne corps is a continuation of the infantry numbering system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
australian doubles '' , another informal and JJ form of tennis , is played with similar rules to the canadian doubles style , only in this version , players VBP court position after each game .	28	29	VBP	rotate	rotates
you should realize that we feel exactly the same way you guys do .	11	12	VBP	do	does
the term `` fast growing '' is a reference to a growth rate of 3 or 4 days , when compared to other NNP that may take weeks to grow out on laboratory media .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
RB 's branch continues to use the black NN on gold , and NNP displays a red NN heart with the crowned NN within on a field of yellow .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the squad is mostly JJ , with a few JJ players .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sources are local media , the national ones only mentioned him as a candidate , they are not about him .	1	2	VBP	are	is
people place massive NNS on the NNS to win and one can witness more than 20 , 000 spectators in a JJ NNP , VBG on and VBG the NNS to complete the race .	0	1	VBP	place	places
because JJ immune network theory offers a novel model of hiv NN , NNP and his lab at the university of british columbia contributed basic research relevant to the search for an hiv NN .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP i ( sometimes referred to as NNP ) is a dry cave , 56 metres deep to the east of the source cave from where the river flows and connected to it by narrow channels .	27	28	VBZ	flows	flow
NNS are NNS or NNS up to , with a yellow NN that is , occasionally smaller .	0	1	VBP	are	is
if this is done , the player can fight the true final boss , in which NNP can join , and the player has one last chance to VB the party after fighting the 1st final boss .	22	23	VBZ	has	have
the communication between peer NNS across the NNP allows both JJ and JJ VBG information to be VBN allowing NNS such as open NNP path first ( NNP ) and protocol independent NNP mode ( NNP ) to operate correctly .	1	8	VBZ	allows	allow
the arch is a famous NN , almost RB cited in surveys of art history , of the JJ changes of the 4th century , and the `` collapse of the classical greek canon of forms during the late roman period '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , i still feel that the current inventor is not noteworthy enough to have his own bio page , so my vote is still for delete as per nom .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the village itself is a few hundred years older .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's view of climate change is that it may be important , but the future is impossible to change .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the grade ii listed building is one of just two JJ music halls left standing in the whole of the uk .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
when a man RB sees , he sees all , he wins all , completely .	2	4	VBZ	sees	see
this plant forms a mound or NN up to 10 NNS tall by 20 wide .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
this is censorship , the occupy regina movement is unique and historic !	7	8	VBZ	is	are
for bulk NN NN , an additional NN solution is JJ onto the JJ layer , a thin layer of NN NN is then VBN followed by either an aluminum or gold NN which is RB VBN to the device .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the style is NNP gothic , but the influence is not the nordic gothic style but rather the style one can find in the large NNS down in continental europe .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the company develops hydraulic analysis software specialized for VBG system design based mainly on the NNP equation , and JJ pump selection using the pump NN rules .	1	2	VBZ	develops	develop
this photo depicts a NN of knowledge as represented by a statue in the american adventure in the world showcase pavilion of walt disney world 's NNP .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
her name is an NN of NN characters NNP brown and NNP love .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
guest stars include walter NNP ( george [ frederick ] NNP ) , delta burke ( jean NNP ) , ed gilbert ( robert [ NNP ] NNP ) , david NNP ( phillip [ james ] NNP ) and john randolph ( ryan [ NNP ] NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the power plant receives water from NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	receives	receive
high frequency compression drivers sometimes have compression NNS as high as 10 to 1 .	3	5	VBP	have	has
bacon 's letters include letters of advice to the young favourite .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
as another example , if the true value is 50 people , and the NN has a confidence interval radius of 5 people , then we might say the margin of error is 5 people .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
sand blast medium uses NN NNS that have JJ content .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the explosion on the uss iowa and its NNP is a NN book of JJ journalism , written by charles c .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
al NNP television releases an audio tape featuring a message believed to have been recorded by al NNP leader NNP bin NNP .	2	3	VBZ	releases	release
this article is nothing like the NNP 5 article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a block is technical ; a ban is social .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school begins every day 's program and work with the prayer assembly .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the airfield was once used by the cuban revolutionary armed forces , but no military aircraft or buildings exists on the site .	15	18	VBZ	exists	exist
his scientific work has to this day a significant impact on JJ surgery .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these machines are quite rare although not particularly sought for by collectors and musicians .	1	2	VBP	are	is
admins on the whole do a pretty good job and as volunteers they dont need a vehicle such as NNP being available to editors with NNS to VB .	0	4	VBP	do	does
at the beginning of the track , the NN of NNS and a car horn are heard , presumably as a car makes an attempted NN , which then gives way to the sound of NN .	21	22	VBZ	makes	make
the complex includes 2 basketball NNS , baseball and soccer fields , a NN , an 18 hole golf course , and a 14 NN lake .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the NN reaction is the only JJ reaction in the process and is shown ( below ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
though a small community , with a population of less than 200 , NNP is home to several prominent cultural figures .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
the god that VBZ her promises her a new life for ten years , but after that she 'll still die .	1	5	VBZ	promises	promise
in fact , the phase shift of the JJ filter is double the phase shift of the JJ filter at its JJ input .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
a NN road crosses the central portion of the lake , splitting it into two small lakes .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross
the patron for whom the work was painted is , however , unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS ' accounts of NNP college show that he was resident at NNP hall , probably as a fellow , from CD to CD .	3	7	VBP	show	shows
the crest shows the sun with six rays , representing tokyo as the center of japan .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
robert NNP has stated that `` RB , again and again my books are about people who are trying to be better than they have been .	12	13	VBP	are	is
but the objectives and professional orientation of the courses are equivalent to the master of engineering , with the distinction that it does enable graduates to apply for a phd in engineering or related disciplines .	2	9	VBP	are	is
many articles link to it and if a person has received the nobel prize it is bound to be mentioned in the lead ( even in winston churchill who RB did greater things than win a nobel prize ) .	1	2	VBP	link	links
this section has a number of branch lines such as the narrow gauge NNP branch line and the JJ narrow gauge NNP railway .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the building includes prototype robot NN and testing laboratories , JJ virtual reality NNS , a JJ NN deck and a glass wall NN that helps put science into public view .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
even the kid 's JJ blog is a dead link .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
our article on this is shape of the universe .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
for many churches in the area , this decree is the first time they are mentioned in a document .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this is due to the fact that if the third NN of the original state is zero , and the second NN is not equal to 2 , then the second output NN is always zero .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
today , the most common type of inventory is one that uses a random NN technique which groups similar forests into one category based on age , stand structure , species , and location .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the scan shows a minor compression NN of her NNP NN .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
the discussion task is aimed at promoting advance organizing of what the students know about the topic to be presented and establishing expectations about what the lecture will cover .	12	13	VBP	know	knows
this new section features an VBG lane for both sides of the road .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
sometimes your computer is just evil , like my NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current system uses the NNP martin NNP weapon system and the NNP NNP standard missile 3 ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
NN and the NNP died in 1975 , but his name continues to VB in the world of conspiracy theories .	10	11	VBZ	continues	continue
the NNP writings VBP that its decisions are `` the source of all good and freed from all error '' .	6	7	VBP	are	is
location directions generally follow that of the junction listing , which is why i would generally also personally support the junction listing being first .	1	3	VBP	follow	follows
the station consists of an elevated island layout and side platform .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
no one reads template space as such .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
in some religious views , birds of prey are carriers of the soul to the NNS .	5	8	VBP	are	is
recent NNS include medical and educational professionals .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when people take themselves too seriously and believe too much in their own NN , they usually get in trouble .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
references are all JJ press releases or blogs .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the law , if implemented , would go against two NNS by the supreme court of NNP , stating that the law is against the constitution .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
while the novel takes place in NNP , the film was set in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
since user reviews can be posted next to advertising , when people read the reviews , there is a chance that they will also see advertising beside the review , which may possibly lead to a sale or at least result in positive exposure .	11	12	VBP	read	reads
in every year NNP NNP collect NNS , books form various parts of NNP city and VB those things to poor people of northern districts of bangladesh .	8	9	VBP	form	forms
located in the via san francesco , the JJ bridge is today for the most part VBN by surrounding buildings , which have moved closer to the river over the centuries .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP describes those who speak in favour of wikipedia as NNS ' , and claims they are ignoring `` the hard lessons the rest of us have learned about how things actually work '' .	30	32	VBP	work	works
a variant on the NN is the silent butler , a NN , VBD NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this article contains information on rugby league events played in 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
prod before but the deletion template was removed with no explanation as to why the article is notable .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
to be honest , i do n't care what people say about NNP NN , a topic i wrote one article about a couple of years ago .	9	10	VBP	say	says
the company is still in business after 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most NNS are under old criteria , with higher NNS levels than the current ones .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the rules of movement and capture seem to be very complex allowing hidden strategies and sudden NNS of fortune .	1	6	VBP	seem	seems
at a NN the text itself seems JJ and a few very quick comments follow .	4	6	VBZ	seems	seem
the word itself , in the context of american english , is a marker for a more formal register , and would not show up in any usage in less formal register communication .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
one NN of the grand trunk road is at the NNP NNP NNP NNP indian NNP garden here , where the great NNP tree stands .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this is because if the project is successful , share holders get all the NN , whereas if it is unsuccessful , debt holders get all the NN .	10	11	VBP	get	gets
an JJ version of the arcade game exists in the xbox version 's update , NNP NNP black , as a bonus feature , and it is also available through nintendo 's wii virtual console download service .	2	7	VBZ	exists	exist
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the wide head of the NN is wider than seen in m .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this category is for articles on history books with punishment as a topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
lisa 's explanation of the effect is incorrect ; it affects global weather patterns and is caused by the spinning of the globe on its axis .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
eventually , NNP finds out `` the NNP cake man 's '' name is actually NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
career civilian employees of the NNP , the department of defense , and the federal government are eligible .	2	16	VBP	are	is
the mountains contain what may be the largest area of cloud or NN forest in NNP africa .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
exhibits include the prison 's role in housing prisoners of war from the NNP wars and the war of 1812 , NNS and weapons , NNS , clothing and uniforms , famous prisoners , and the changed focus of the prison .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
if ( say ) after a week the share price of company a drops to 9 .	9	13	VBZ	drops	drop
the few names of which are NNP ahmed , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP was apparently a talented painter and this piece meets the qualifications , is noteworthy and eye NN , looks great small and large , was RB VBN RB well and i think is a great artistic NN of a historic event and in that way has NNP .	9	10	VBZ	meets	meet
JJ critics are then to look at exactly how such references and NNS function within the work of art , so that NN of their method is possible .	1	2	VBP	are	is
stating that miami is the CD largest city in the country , without stating that the miami metropolitan area is ( possibly ) among the 10 largest in the nation provides a wrong impression of the population of the city VBP the rest of the country .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
this letter is the only evidence for NNP von NNP 's time spent within the monastery .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article consists mostly of trivia , though ; the remainder would fit into the relevant section of powered NN , surely .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP NNP JJS and most powerful man in the valley , NNP acts as a guide for the player and VBZ them in the NNP .	6	12	VBZ	acts	act
the image is vital to show how the NNP command works .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the choice of meaning that has been taken is arbitrary .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the service is always connected , free , the network enables online gaming , the playstation store , playstation home and other services .	9	10	VBZ	enables	enable
the city VBZ a `` friday of the arts '' on the second friday of each month , in which many locations feature local artwork and live music .	21	22	VBP	feature	features
the surrounding air has low thermal NN ( VBZ heat poorly ) meaning it is a poor NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
i mean , it 's JJ to me the way people act like third NNS .	10	11	VBP	act	acts
but to NNP NNPS the NN is `` the place and the time and the event where truth reveals itself '' VBN by the NNS and NNS of language .	17	18	VBZ	reveals	reveal
one week of NNP , NNP and english debates as debates week is a once yearly feature .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
a display manager can run on the same computer where the user sits or on a remote one .	11	12	VBZ	sits	sit
surface NNS are RB JJ distinctive NNS that cover the whole surface except for the JJ end .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the district has a number of notable examples of federal , classical revival , and second empire style architecture .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
her life falls apart , and she VBZ between desire for revenge upon him , sexual NN and NN of all hope of love .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
the expansion parameter of NNP is the NNP number , NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
that problem is pretty JJ once one realizes that the host is forced to avoid opening certain doors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
otherwise i think this image is sharp and demonstrates the subject quite well ( no people , few blown highlights etc .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN explains how to play the game .	2	3	VBZ	explains	explain
i think surgery has no place except maybe in some extraordinary condition , i do n't think we know enough about NN to say with perfect NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
you 're taking away from what made wikipedia so interesting , and shows that the average contributor is not to be respected or trusted .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the trophy is a human skull set between a pair of rugby NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
control messages are generally broadcast to entire network - each device processes the destination address and NNS to all neighbors if necessary .	10	11	VBZ	processes	process
adults are on wing from early july to mid august .	0	1	VBP	are	is
quality reviews are n't races , and i guess i was JJ to get that star .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the logical flow of arguments is summary , opposing view , then pro view as a NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
taxi NNS may rise if fuel prices increase .	6	7	VBP	increase	increases
more recent excavations have suggested that the space is JJ and could have served as a royal tomb .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP transform is a NN on it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many readers also look at the images first , before reading the article .	1	3	VBP	look	looks
the route turns northwest out of the small NN community , continuing north .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
at first i was JJ , but the article is quite good and a nice NN to evil genius ( and an evil genius is an evil genius ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the dc fans RB care more about the senators than about the NNP and i think the NNP history will eventually end up like NNP !	2	4	VBP	care	cares
while NNP is correct , the point is that not everybody knows that , so the csd should simply state that having two identical images in different file formats is not grounds for deletion ( e .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in CD , a JJ map probably raised by the NN shows five buildings which are taken to be large farms .	5	11	VBZ	shows	show
two NNS VBD together at their boundaries form a model of the klein bottle , this time with two intervals of NN and four points where this model is not an NN .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
they board the ship and VB its demon captain , though the ship requires souls to be fed to it in order to shift to the NNP .	12	13	VBZ	requires	require
isaac 's demise is the most RB VBN , involving a crazy series of sudden NNS of fortune , and NNP 's sporting performance makes the most of his big scene .	23	24	VBZ	makes	make
in case of JJ NN pain starts from the site of NN , JJ , and then VBZ all over the NNS .	1	6	VBZ	starts	start
the community VBZ the links to its rich history and tradition from generation to generation .	1	2	VBZ	preserves	preserve
the route is JJ , and aside from its own central track uses parts of the great western main line , west coast main line , midland main line , sheffield to hull line , and the east coast main line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the event that any olympic region is not represented , the highest ranked team from that continent VBZ for the tournament .	14	18	VBZ	qualifies	qualify
the military men now in effective control of the project conclude that if NNP is exposed , he might never have influence with cleveland , and the u .	2	10	VBP	conclude	concludes
the yard consists of a JJ inspection shop and 38 NN tracks .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
ferry routes to and from NNP , as well as the southern islands of the NNP and the NNP , run in this area .	1	20	VBP	run	runs
the island is a part of the village and town of the same name .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the key benefit is that project performance is observed and measured regularly to identify NNS from the project management plan .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category is for baseball at the college of san NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many NN species collect and eat the fruits and cache the seeds .	2	3	VBP	collect	collects
the original west side plans show a JJ JJ street NN with a terrace of brick residential houses behind the NN .	4	5	VBP	show	shows
they have few natural predators , although animals such as NNS , killer NNS , and sharks VBP a threat to the young , and a NN has also been recorded to have died from trauma after being VBN by a NN NN .	7	17	VBP	pose	poses
this window is in the chapel of christ the light of the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
capital punishment is final has not ongoing educational value .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the deletion review process is in no way meant to cast NNS on the company or its works .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
certain circumstances extend this time limit , including substantial NN of income and fraud .	1	2	VBP	extend	extends
official site consists of a blog , and nothing else .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
editors are volunteers who choose to be here , can leave , and ( often ) hide behind screen names .	0	1	VBP	are	is
also , the whole format is defunct , so its players are very unlikely to be notable anyway .	10	11	VBP	are	is
his attorney was louis NNP , most observers , then and now , believe that brothers was handed up to the state by NNP as a sacrifice .	7	13	VBP	believe	believes
on the last day of the championship , 11 may 1947 , he played against his rival , the NNP NNP de NNP , the game ends in a NN draw , but it is sufficient for the ca won the title .	25	26	VBZ	ends	end
this category contains italian painters alive during 16th century .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a model facility for healthcare providers , hundreds of local , national and international tour groups visit northwestern memorial hospital each year .	15	16	VBP	visit	visits
furthermore , as earth houses are JJ , they can be considered ideal for controlled air NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
too bad on the ruins , but the family tree is RB .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
common NNP NNS have three crops per year ; JJ NNS have two .	10	11	VBP	have	has
the platform prevents damage to the mosque when the NNP river floods .	1	2	VBZ	prevents	prevent
the park has several american indian NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
researchers attempt to decrease the bias in participants has failed , leading to one to think that JJ bias has an automatic source in cognitive reconstruction .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
a majority of the site is now home of the NNP NNP de la NNP à NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the item is entirely about NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the support information i provide is in support of the general article here and provides many further links .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP models are expensive , have poor gas NN , and are large in both size and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
it is possible that the similarities between the bones of NNP and NNP are due to primitive characters found in all NNP , the group that also includes the NNP .	5	13	VBP	are	is
strongly oppose he is not fit to be an admin as many other people such as NNP and NNP are also not .	13	19	VBP	are	is
fair use in world 's on NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
therefore molecule VBZ the NN electron count as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	achieves	achieve
modern ideas and NNS have no place in the classical world .	1	4	VBP	have	has
mitchell 's 1858 history of NNP reports that during the war the french handed over 30 NNS to the indians and that lewis heard the indian VBG him referred to by a name `` which VBD him of two welsh words , VBG `` large head '' .	3	6	VBZ	reports	report
the interaction with JJ cells is important for JJ functions of immune cells , but also supports the survival and resistance of JJ cells derived from immune cells ( like b and t cells ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the fact that i had to fight so hard to support something that should not have been debated in the first place is even more JJ .	1	22	VBZ	is	are
a JJ complete metric space that contains an JJ image of every JJ metric space is NNP universal if and only if it is JJ in this sense .	4	15	VBZ	is	are
my own searches find no coverage about this organisation in reliable sources .	2	3	VBP	find	finds
in march 2011 , he participated in an JJ debate sponsored by the economist about whether the disruptive innovation model VBN by the west is superior to the JJ innovation model common in japan .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
the foreign workers essentially run all home affairs from cooking , VBG , cleaning and VBG for the young and old in the household .	2	4	VBP	run	runs
trick scores count toward making a game .	1	2	VBP	count	counts
i suggested on ani that you check out my review , and suggested here that you review me , as that is what this page is for .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the flag method is the most common method used to estimate wind speed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since 1998 , home field advantage has been given to the team that has the better regular season record , unless that team happens to be the wild card team .	22	23	VBZ	happens	happen
filled with a combination of deadly NNS and healing NNS , the effect is to create a JJ pain that will last for `` hundreds of years .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the fuel tank is at the front of the hull between the wheels .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the most recent NN is here , where he all but VBZ me ( in the heading ) or pursuing NNS and VBG wikipedia policies ( this from a user who introduces possibly unreliable sources such as this .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
even if an article gets through initially it can still be challenged in the future when it is noticed .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get
in addition , i think that the topic of immigration into central and south america from the british isles is JJ .	7	19	VBZ	is	are
a look at the article history shows that you created the article .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show
the `` sense of agency '' ( sa ) refers to the subjective awareness that one is VBG , VBG , and controlling one 's own JJ actions in the world .	2	9	VBZ	refers	refer
their performances include a yearly NNP 's day NNP , held on april NNP ' day .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i do n't think there is , although a friend of mine who RB VBZ to the genre insists otherwise , whilst not producing any examples .	9	18	VBZ	insists	insist
notable features include stone seats around a stone dining table through which a water NN NNS water into the seat of the guests when the mechanism is activated , and hidden NNS that surprise and VBP guests while they take part on the tour .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
delete -- current version is probably not even of stub length .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the shell grows to a length of 21 .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
schools are under municipal or JJ management , the former being the most common .	0	1	VBP	are	is
situated on the southern slope of the NNP NNP mountain range , the former NN of NNP today is a NN , while the lower NN of NNP is preserved .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
a similar problem occurs when increasing the number of output functions of a JJ function block .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
the morning shift starts at 7 a .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
but a few NNS remain , such as the NNS at the NNP ranch park and NNP campus .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
the NNP mine is a large mine in the north-west of russia in republic of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
interviews are invalid as JJ sources , but the existence of interviews of the subject does support the case for notability .	0	1	VBP	ARE	IS
the largest exchange of traffic is between the NNP and the NNP north , and traffic on those roads VBP up and causes NN on both roads ( going north and south ) , as well as on the interchange itself .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
that said , our search function is n't the best NNS , but you get what you pay for .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the song continues with pink playing in a public park after his mother leaves him to go shopping .	12	13	VBZ	leaves	leave
this proposed finding of fact is just yet another in a long line of JJ personal attacks by user NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
lunch usually consists of rice , meat ( such as chicken , beef , NN , or fish ) , NNS , and a side portion of NN .	0	2	VBZ	consists	consist
a NNP loop is a skill performed on the balance beam in women 's artistic NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
every member of the senate and of the chamber of deputies has the right to address questions and NNS to ministers .	1	11	VBZ	has	have
and the reason you can not see united states federal budget , 2004 is nothing to do with your account , it is because no one has written that article yet .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the NN membrane is a strong JJ NN , which connects the under surface of the root of the tongue to the body of the JJ bone .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first issue tells the story of a VBN and JJ child 's journey to becoming an NN .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
besides , nothing is broken , the process works just fine the way it is .	7	8	VBZ	works	work
while on the airplane ( whose pilot is NNP NNP ) NNP VBZ up to find that people are missing .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
specimens of one species of NNP have a dark NN in the centre of their NNS , which has been interpreted as the earliest remains of water carrying tissue .	0	6	VBP	have	has
but the NNS in this new NN are more difficult to see .	2	7	VBP	are	is
it VBZ an important historical article about the entity that the image represents .	11	12	VBZ	represents	represent
a quarter gallery is an architectural feature of the stern of a sailing ship from around the 16th to the 19th century .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
rules vary widely but normally involve a team drinking in series and VBG to finish first .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
to be sure that the letters are classified correctly , we need to show that two letters in the same class are equivalent and two letters in different classes are not equivalent .	16	21	VBP	are	is
common JJ systems comprise parallel metal strips ( attached to the wall by NNS ) which have NNS into which NNS can be fitted to hold NNS .	2	3	VBP	comprise	comprises
evidence submitted by NNP it 's a waste of time , but the sock demands it and is starting an edit war , so here we are .	13	14	VBZ	demands	demand
although the arrival of the NNP in the NNP la NNP region , is unknown , JJ evidence in the form of JJ pottery indicates that the NNP were in this region in the CD .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
NN rule because he now knows to revert three times in a NN , then come back the next day and keep it up .	1	5	VBZ	knows	know
the college is at NNP ' road , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
from the state line , the route heads northwest on NN JJ baltimore pike , passing through agricultural areas with some woods and residential development and serving the communities of west NNP and pleasant hill .	6	7	VBZ	heads	head
the plans are for a building of sixteen rooms , which is twice the size of the old building , and it will be a substantial structure , which will be one of the JJS buildings in town .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP junction , as is NNP , and NNP technologies uk ( JJ equipment ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the fossil bears a depression along a body that is interpreted as a JJ system that consists of a simple JJ tube and short lateral NNS located along the borders between the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
italy ( NNP ) is under germanic NN , switzerland and austria exist within NNP , lithuania ( NNP ) controls NNP , northern germany and much of eastern europe , while a JJ successor empire ( NNP ) VBZ much of northern africa .	35	39	VBZ	dominates	dominate
a video from polish tv is available on various video sites .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
he 's there working a new job as the volunteer coordinator for a non-profit organization that helps prisoners make the transition from NN to freedom .	17	18	VBP	make	makes
design describes his early work as being in an art NNP style , likely due to NNP 's influence .	0	1	VBZ	describes	describe
an expression of this type is used in VBG ph NN data where a small error on x NNS to a large error on y when the slope is large .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
both are JJ and quite JJ series , where imo the individual novels VBP notability from the whole .	12	13	VBP	derive	derives
the product is the highly unstable JJ intermediate known as JJ 1 , JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS , of course , play a JJ role in this festival .	0	5	VBP	play	plays
the road extends from south NNP street to the city of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
i thought that was JJ to a NN NN who has no interest in events , he 's only interested in where the bottle is , the NN pipe in relation to him .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the only other school located within these neighborhoods is the pierre NNP academy , which is a charter school located at CD south NNP street in NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
this relatively small naval battle is historically important as it marked the beginning of the end of portugal 's commercial monopoly over india , and the beginning of the NN of the english east india company 's presence in india .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
if , after reviewing the policies and guidelines , you feel the group is notable , then gather two to three reliable sources that you can cite , and you can try to create the article again .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
preliminary report of the public lands commission ( p .	1	5	VBZ	lands	land
a path with steep steps and wooden bridges leads to the foot of the castle where NNS in the rock can be seen , explaining the origin of the castle 's name which literally means `` hollow cliff '' .	1	8	VBZ	leads	lead
the real issue is civility , and more broadly , the ability or inability to interact RB with other users .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but then i thought , that ca n't be right either ; that would mean that a pit is in a tree too , but it is n't , it is the pit of my stomach .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
as a result , JJ rules are JJ to wikipedia 's main goal of building a collaborative encyclopedia .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the link is for liberation tigers of tamil NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the section of the NNP west of the village follows the ancient NNP 's NNP .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow
the most important difference is that ordinary NNS are dealt with separately from NN NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
apart from football , the club has also its own table tennis section and its first team is competing RB in the first division of the malta table tennis association .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
NNS believe that during the feast NNS arrive on a NN .	6	7	VBP	arrive	arrives
in addition to lakes , the JJ region also has many rivers used for fly fishing , and forest areas that offer many trails for VBG and NN .	7	9	VBZ	has	have
weather conditions greatly influence JJR flight because they are poor NNS .	1	3	VBP	influence	influences
one actor filling both roles also explains some of the VBN dialogue in this scene , as it was probably the result of confusion over the role the actor was playing at the time .	1	6	VBZ	explains	explain
a solo stub article on innocent surviving child victim feels inappropriate .	3	9	VBZ	feels	feel
the center is utilized to connect the college of law and NNP as a whole to the larger salem community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
actually , what i meant to say is that the bad thing is what is done with the information .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the mission of the museum is to collect and preserve , research and make available baltic and JJ art NNS from the 18th century to today and to provide evidence of the development of culture and art in latvia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the current graduation rate of NNP is 98 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's voting history on abortion policies in the us house of representatives is JJ with her reputation as a liberal .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
for section 2 and section 3 , NNS by medical practitioners need to take place with no more than five clear days between each other .	7	11	VBP	need	needs
the method of VBG the receiver cover now involves a rotating NN in place of the traditional NNP button at the rear of the receiver cover .	1	8	VBZ	involves	involve
NNP is a game where the player is responsible for setting up a city to VB by building both industry and housing units , providing resources , VBG the gods , trading with other cities and engaging in battle with rivals who try and VBP the city .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
magazine and newspaper sources without NNS need page numbers .	3	6	VBP	need	needs
the arena has a diameter of 60 meters .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the cars travel at per minute and have JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	travel	travels
in this step , the mechanical device used to move the water acts like a conventional pump to lift the water .	6	12	VBZ	acts	act
the 1860 census indicates a population of CD people in the town .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
shops erected on the site include a NN ( with NNS from NNP ) , CC ( from NNP ) , NN ( NN of a building from NNP ) , and NN ( with equipment from NNP , NNP ) .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
surely this school is far more notable and important than george lucas and NNP NNP combined .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
they meet for the raising of the NN ( flag ) and watch as each team performs a short NNP NNP .	15	16	VBZ	performs	perform
the review actually is n't all that bad , and i thought it was funny that he 'd done it during the deletion process , especially since his page is almost certainly going to be deleted .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
its administrative seat and largest town is NNP NNP , which lies south-east of NNP NNP and south of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if all NNS or children die , the game is over .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
movements 1 and 7 are choral , movements 2 and 6 NNS , 3 and 5 NNS in two sections each , neither VBG the da NN form .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the family of NNS which is best for this kind of problem is the beta distribution , because whenever you update the distribution still belongs to the family .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the mother is JJ of older times when the family used to live in a better house , but she bears her suffering RB , for the most part .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fifa match reports are often unreliable and that they have to check stuff for themselves , tough .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when days are not so VB ' , the net NN charge that exists in the clouds of NNS can be RB negative .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when the NNP project is completed , employers in the town would provide more than 30 , 000 jobs , its founders say .	21	22	VBP	say	says
JJ NNP trees VBP the NN of native food trees for the NN , but the government of fiji has taken steps to VB the trees .	2	3	VBP	threaten	threatens
the measurement of the activity NN of JJ NN NN ( NNP ) is the preferred method for VBG JJ status .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
for this reason NN theory often works towards a more JJ approach .	4	6	VBZ	works	work
the district has seven JJ FW NNS ( municipal boards ) and six JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the candidate is not JJ to rfa to be JJ to JJ protocol .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you must make it clear that the content from wikipedia is available under the gfdl license .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's NNP element is a set of four golden rings ( NNS ) around her NNS and NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
its water supply now ends up in NNP reservoir .	2	4	VBZ	ends	end
the exact date of this story 's setting is unknown , but since nancy has been married for `` JJ of thirty years '' and the indian NNP broke out in 1857 , the date would seem to be sometime after 1887 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
much of the village stands back from the NNP , which links the two main `` a '' roads .	3	4	VBZ	stands	stand
an JJ century legend tells of a little girl named maria who VBD from her home in nearby NNP and died of hunger and exposure .	3	4	VBZ	tells	tell
some hear , rather than see , the NN , and some , like dresden , see symbolic representations of who the other person is .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
pov fork , belongs in the main article john NNP or the article about his campaign .	1	3	VBZ	belongs	belong
i 'm a bit JJ what the NNS are in english , not being a native speaker .	7	8	VBP	are	is
it is now appreciated that NNS are more attractive to the travelling public than buses and cheaper to build than underground railways .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the famous song is `` NNP 's march '' ( CD NNP NNP ) , it has an NN on NNP and boris NNP 's novel `` the kid from hell '' ( `` VB JJ NN '' ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the municipality of NNP alto covers a total surface area of 1 , CD .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover
newer version of the situation in the far east , with bear represents russia VBG from the north , tiger represents united kingdom in south china , NNP frog represents france in southeast asia , and the american eagle represents united states approaching from the philippines .	28	29	VBZ	represents	represent
due to their poor NN , JJ NNS have few large-scale applications .	7	8	VBP	have	has
JJ recording ( dvd ) release is under way .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
it seems quite JJ to let this article VB on a merge list for 3 years ( or whatever the NN is ) for two NN sentences , when the NN of gaining easy degrees is already in the universal life church article .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
my point still stands , that even if the NN is RB popular , popularity does not equal notability and how popular it is has absolutely no relevance as to whether the article should be kept .	1	3	VBZ	stands	stand
similar to other books of the NNP , this work aims at VBG jews in their NNS and encouraging them to be VBN `` in their devotion to the NNP law '' .	9	10	VBZ	aims	aim
day is day , and night is night .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
and what NNP 's diffs show i have no idea .	4	5	VBP	show	shows
the district has a population of CD , CD ( 2001 census ) , a 16 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this list contains breeds of domestic NN as well as species with JJ populations .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the JJ NNS have captured far more attention because their distribution not only is far less understood but , more importantly , their study NNS impressive results concerning prime numbers and related objects in number theory .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
climate `` the central highland is a typical inland climate , .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
an extended play ( ep ) is a musical recording that contains more music than a single , but is too short to qualify as a full studio album or lp .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
originally the seat of the NNP family , NNP is one of the oldest continuously inhabited houses in scotland .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NN feels this way because the only feelings she has left are pain and hunger , the latter caused by her inability to eat .	7	11	VBP	are	is
VBG 's flagship product called NNP is a technology marketed towards developers that allows windows games to run on mac os x .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the pair then makes their way across the state line to missouri , where the kansas law ca n't follow them .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
NNP lake , the glacier and the surrounding mountains are part of mount cook national park .	8	9	VBP	are	is
trains normally stop at platforms 1 and 4 .	0	2	VBP	stop	stops
this method would be highly dependent on how comparable the jobs are , but , if they are properly chosen , it will produce a better estimate of the actual cost of the job .	10	11	VBP	are	is
both parents are of puerto rican descent .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the beaver colony operates a very loose form of the patrol system , in accordance with the scout method , whereby NNS are divided into small groups called NNS .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
for adults , NN is often performed without NNS , and JJ alternatives such as the JJ ring controlled JJ compression device are available .	12	22	VBP	are	is
the children try to VB their romantic mood from the previous night and VB their fathers .	1	2	VBP	try	tries
but almost a full majority of this range seems to been abusive , edits reverted or disruption within the past month or so .	4	8	VBZ	seems	seem
each region has its own NNP , which differ in looks , species of pokémon VBD , and capabilities such as the ability to sort the list of pokémon based on JJ order , or display the pokémon 's height compared to the player character .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ stretch of the river through the centre of NNP is JJ by rather larger vessels , albeit limited by low bridges .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
as NNP says , very few works on the subject of NNS use NNS to modern NNS .	6	12	VBP	use	uses
but RB the owners of these properties say its too early to make any NNS for the olympics .	3	7	VBP	say	says
the inner walls contain NNP palace with its garden .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
NN in the liver NN leads to NN , which is usually associated with NN .	0	5	VBZ	leads	lead
the year is uncertain , but it was probably sometime in the CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current text only implies that the bridge was the NN .	2	4	VBZ	implies	imply
this case is just the tip of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this property comprises all of the land in newport news along the james river from newport news point to the NNP 's museum .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
riders of this NN are generally able to VB for their NNS from the classical position due to skill and experience .	0	4	VBP	are	is
this property is important , if NNP should be used by search engines .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
support - every user and admin has their own communication style .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
the cards feature key players and their world series highlights are described on the back in english and french .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
the first half of the season consists of 14 teams and JJ regular season ( 26 games for each of the 14 teams ) began on saturday , october 8 , 2012 and will end on sunday , march 16 , 2013 .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist
cylinder sets over JJ vector spaces are the core NN in the formal definition of the NNP path integral or functional integral of quantum field theory , and the partition function of statistical mechanics .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the roof of the NN is of thrust NN JJ construction and has a covering of single VBN lap VBN steel plates .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
an anchor NN in this shopping centre is JJ NNP ' .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
however , he VBZ , an NNP movie of deeper context VBN with a fresh approach is yet to be produced .	7	16	VBZ	is	are
the surface generally is JJ and mountainous .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
but jim is an JJ a NN and a RB whose escape plans always fail , who leaves NNP in a NN , and who faces NN when he is VBN by his mother .	12	14	VBP	fail	fails
the stem ranges in colour from green to VB .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the river then runs through multiple parks in the town of NNP in essex county .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
according to the 2002 census , the ward has a total population of 23 , CD .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
once we say that the top us firms make it , i think we need to say the same of NNP , and this appears to be a major firm in NNP .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
if concern is valid , it must be JJ through actual content or relation to content , or it is not valid concern .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
today , many private schools have their students wear polo NNS in the school colours , and girls wear NNS instead of NNS .	17	18	VBP	wear	wears
the book is , essentially , a combined NN of earlier works .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is found that NN users have a very different strategy for learning than experienced NNS .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the NN at the corner leading to a NN kitchen is original to the house as are the NN and JJ window NNS and frames .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the term comes from the organ for its ability to VB a note indefinitely and the tendency for such notes to be played on an organ 's JJ keyboard .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
common sense says this content should be deleted for numerous reasons .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
no users in category , only member is a JJ template .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the station takes its name from the nearby queen margaret hospital .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
a NN chamber is a particle NN , a device used in particle physics for VBG RB charged particles .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the region VBZ along the high peaks of the NNP mountain range at the NNS of europe and asia , bounded by russia from the north and the middle east from the south .	1	2	VBZ	stretches	stretch
what can be done is that arbcom can keep this equality in mind when cases come to them , trying to evaluate the situation and not let the user off because of the useful contributions they make .	14	15	VBP	come	comes
NNP 's current mayor is michael NNP , VBD to the office in 2010 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
and since the government is one , the monarch VBZ by the decision of the ministers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
her jennifer NNP NNS are for ages ten and up .	3	4	VBP	are	is
when common sense says the opinion of others is wrong , a person has a right , even a duty , to RB say so .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
if you really are interested in my religious background i inform you that my family is catholic .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the magazine remains a serious passion for the editor and his small team as of february 2008 with a modest print edition circulation of CD ( JJ ) .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
there is not even an NN that any words in this quote are accurate .	8	12	VBP	are	is
the official website is a dead link .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the house has a number of greek revival style details including a low pitched JJ roof , a square plan , and a NN beneath the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the free market is not free to those who have no access to it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , currently several people are JJ this section and i think we should let them do their work for now and create the main article as soon as we all agree that the section is complete and JJ well enough .	4	5	VBP	are	is
romanian citizens are also citizens of the european union and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the european parliament .	1	2	VBP	are	is
john NNP , chris NNP , and researchers from the us and canada have described scientific NNP NNP methods ( NNP ) , where an organization or think tank makes it their only goal to cast doubt on supported science because it conflicts with political NNS .	28	29	VBZ	makes	make
after this , the trail follows a steep hill in a JJ direction along an ancient road with banks on each side .	4	5	VBZ	follows	follow
the name of the castle , and the village itself , comes from the latin NNP , in reference to the NNS ' , VBP NN or cork trees that once surrounded it .	1	11	VBZ	comes	come
NNP article fails to assert notability ; however , the article has been on the site since feb .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
a NN wedding is quickly arranged and on the eve of the wedding , the lovers learn of the unlimited love , NN and care their respective family members have for them and decide not to hurt their NNS .	28	29	VBP	have	has
the NN of choice is equivalent to the statement that every set can be JJ , i .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a magnetic material placed inside a magnetic field , though , VBZ its own bound current , which can be a challenge to VB .	2	11	VBZ	generates	generate
each episode contributes little to the overall story and mainly features joke after joke .	1	2	VBZ	contributes	contribute
lance 's first task is to find the final episode of a television show from the local library and convert it into video .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP name is one of a number of NNPS names of french origin which have retained their original spelling .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other venues include cycling stadium ( built 1946 ) , indoor swimming pool NNP ( built 1973 ) , sports hall NNP ( built 1987 ) and the national tennis centre ( built 2003 ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
male population is CD and female population is CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the shock comes less from the creation of a JJ hybrid race through JJ modifications than from the explicit visual presentation of human and dog NNS as NNS through NN .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
currently , if the non-free use claim fails and the poor and JJ images are removed , you are only left with the coin image .	6	7	VBZ	fails	fail
according to textbook definition , under communism the workers control the means of production , while under socialism the state does .	19	20	VBZ	does	do
private companies make no offer of shares to the public , but public companies , whose shares may be listed on a stock exchange , may raise capital from the general public .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
in order for this account of NN to be valid all NNS must be wholly good , and never contain evil acts ; but this is not what opponents believe to be the case .	28	29	VBP	believe	believes
the admin who made this deletion is a JJ admin who has made many positive and notable contributions to wikipedia .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
their mission is to gather news RB and accurately report it to the public ; `` our journalists seek truth and report it .	17	18	VBP	seek	seeks
the community is in NNP code CD and area code CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
depending on the type of charter a banking organization has and on its organizational structure , it may be subject to numerous federal and state banking regulations .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
although the names of most calls are presently the same across the board , the different towns in cuba use their own calls .	2	6	VBP	are	is
but the son of bruno , the JJ mark , a young man who was not worried about tomorrow , VBZ with NNP NNP , the daughter of senator robert NNP and VBZ the point of VBG the child .	2	20	VBZ	engages	engage
the town is south of NNP and north of the isle of portland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article on the NNP mapping theorem merely says that the disk d is VBN NN to any simply connected open subset .	1	8	VBZ	says	say
during the information age , the phenomenon is that the digital industry creates a JJ society surrounded by a JJ global economy that spans over its influence on how the manufacturing NN and the service sector operate in an efficient and convenient way .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the journey from valencia , spain , VBZ at NNP lane , providing for the first time an alternative to NNS for the import of fresh spanish produce .	1	7	VBZ	terminates	terminate
the temperature from the source is 46 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
after two major NNS , the building is more than and houses more than 3 million volumes .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NN '' , and the video continues the love triangle depicted in the 2004 hit `` mr .	5	6	VBZ	continues	continue
i can not believe the rules are more important than the information .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNP ceased treating NN patients in 1970 and , although the main structure still remains , many of the JJ buildings and `` NNS '' were VBN .	12	14	VBZ	remains	remain
the sources presented are sufficient to VB an article on the concept .	1	3	VBP	are	is
keep , but the article needs to be set up better with more and more prominent references .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the world business council for sustainable development , founded in 1995 , has VBN the business case for sustainable development and argues that `` sustainable development is good for business and business is good for sustainable development '' .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the book is structured around a description of the semi-final match in the 1968 u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the kid finds lou out in the first episode , and the other riders when they help her rescue her brother and sister from their abusive NN father .	13	16	VBP	help	helps
nothing written in the article indicates any real notability and the article reads as if it was written by a close friend of his .	11	12	VBZ	reads	read
RB , all forces are JJ , though .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the fact is that there are articles all over this site about kids , including NN about where they VBD up .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
hence , the JJ photo is the property of NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in recent years , many private universities and colleges have consolidated because demand for higher education VBZ places available in the public sector .	12	16	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
when the NN is pulled out of the NN , the radio reverts to carrier NN , ( the selective calling feature is disabled ) .	11	12	VBZ	reverts	revert
NNP force is just a JJ quantum NN to the electromagnetic force .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as VBN by peter NNP , this concept implies that NN is a result of development .	7	8	VBZ	implies	imply
NNP is important , but the post underneath the heading just VBZ that claim .	6	11	VBZ	ignores	ignore
the asian audience has a special NN for pretty NNP ' NNS and more soft repertoire .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NNP design is considerably more compact in land usage than most existing NNP , and uses under a fifth of the concrete and NN NN of older designs .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i am still JJ that this school is notable enough to justify inclusion at all , but a redirect will do no harm .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the resolution is a bit too low to get my full support .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the team then follows a JJ process to determine NNS for JJ students that will work within JJ instructions .	1	3	VBZ	follows	follow
mental hospital works such as professor NNP and NNP st .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
well , personally i think NNP is a clear sock of NNP and we know from prior history that editor knows how to use alternative ip to avoid a technical checkuser .	19	20	VBZ	knows	know
claimed that i had a dream in which a currency note with the serial number ending with CD is the perfect NN note .	10	18	VBZ	is	are
i follow '' , because the component NNS ( jacket and NNS and NN ) follow each other and have the same cloth and colour and are worn together .	7	15	VBP	follow	follows
although the end result is a bachelor of arts degree , students have the option to concentrate in aspects of business if they choose to .	11	12	VBP	have	has
so it would be hard to prove that that story belongs either .	9	10	VBZ	belongs	belong
the people of NNP enjoy an active lifestyle and sport is an integral part of swiss culture and society .	1	4	VBP	enjoy	enjoys
if it does , her story is credible .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the reference to eye NN is again often thought to reflect the historical situation of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
accounts by JJ NNS indicate the widespread practice of the hindu caste system and of animal NNS during the nine day celebrations ( called NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
NNP , looking at the article , at present you have exactly two references ; but each of them demonstrates that the journal exists , but not that it is notable .	22	23	VBZ	exists	exist
the practical effect of the rule of CD is to make early NNS of term loans more expensive .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
these attempts have been mostly removed and discussion ultimately falls on deaf ears , no real action is taken .	7	9	VBZ	falls	fall
the school has nearly 3 , 000 students , VBG its design capacity and resulting in VBG and many other major problems .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the western crest , across NNP canyon , includes NNP peak ( CD feet , CD m ) , hot creek canyon , and the JJ NNP wilderness study area .	2	8	VBZ	includes	include
the song has a JJ beat , taking influence from punk rock and VB music .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
my name is craig holiday NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this version is also the single version .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the master NNP versions are push tang construction , have a hollow aluminum cord VBD handle that contains an emergency survival kit , and a precision NN mounted in the NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in reality though , the `` channel switch '' is not switching frequencies as in a conventional radio but when changed , it refers to an internal software program which causes a JJ affiliation to be transmitted on the control channel .	7	9	VBZ	is	are
the visitor route was also changed so that visitors now see the NNS in historical sequence by entering at one end and leaving at the other , instead of both entering and leaving via a single NN that is in the middle of the route .	8	10	VBP	see	sees
her characters reveal both NNS and VBZ regardless of their gender , although her female NNS are portrayed as especially capable and determined .	1	2	VBP	reveal	reveals
written between 1901 and 1904 , the songs of travel represent NNP williams 's first major NN into NN .	7	10	VBP	represent	represents
his former clubs professionally include NNP , NNP , the strongest and NNP NNP in bolivia , and nacional in uruguay .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
as was pointed out in the afd keep of just last month , multiple independent sources offer significant coverage .	15	16	VBP	offer	offers
the game starts when NNP arrives in NNP in a helicopter , and while in position to the golden palace , suddenly two NNS arrive and crash into the helicopter , and NNP NNS from it .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
but as for the validity of this method , the article just says `` the first integral is absolutely JJ for positive NN but only RB JJ when NNP is 0 .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the small windows at NNP hall depicting JJ JJ scenes of a rising sun over a river are especially beautiful and seem to have a strong similarity to the work of louis comfort NNP .	2	17	VBP	are	is
this person seems notable and the information seems verifiable .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
responsibilities of the assembly NNP are to assume the duties of the chair or the NNS if they are absent .	0	5	VBP	are	is
mason on the other hand must step into a JJ role when their father is gone for five months touring NNS .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
albert college 's motto is `` NNP NNP , NNP NNP '' , or `` i favour peace and the arts of peace '' and its mission is `` albert college VBZ academic excellence , NN , and sound moral values in a family environment .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the spring NNP tournament , which usually takes place on the last weekend in march , is the qualifying tournament for the competitive NNP semifinals , which are held at the NNP state convention , either in april or may .	3	16	VBZ	is	are
this might be an issue at a public NN if the organization in charge of the NN is JJ .	11	17	VBZ	is	are
the surfaces of the NN are RB with the edges elevated above the body of the bone , suggesting that a JJ shield would have been supported by the NNS at the tip of the NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
there is a strong JJ element to the game , as each player controls a character and tries to advance the character through levels of power by completing NNS ( or `` tasks '' in the game ) .	12	13	VBZ	controls	control
an increase in gene NN can cause higher levels of gene product if the gene is not subject to regulation from elsewhere in the body .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the city 's zoo is the NNP NNP near the NNP island in the NNP in the south of the city .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
she is chosen to become a NNP for the NNP unit , and her dragon partner is NNP , who is named after her JJ dog .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this article provides a list of constituencies VBG the parliamentary representation from isle of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the shell is an JJ cone with six NNS ( or turns ) around a central axis .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
shadow of the earth ( ) is a 1982 JJ drama film directed by NNP NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
some completely spotted dogs appear as well .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears
the fact that you have seen the original allows you to use the original for verification without any link .	1	8	VBZ	allows	allow
many featured articles , especially on important topics , are longer .	2	9	VBP	are	is
a reference rate is a rate that determines NNS in a financial contract and that is outside the control of the parties to the contract .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
afd ] , i think this user VBZ us an explanation .	6	7	VBZ	owes	owe
the small resort is very pleasant and friendly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this project VBZ only to the NNS for the number of people involved .	1	2	VBZ	compares	compare
according to the 2000 census , the resident population is 2 , CD persons .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the couple 's papers now reside in the british national archives .	3	5	VBP	reside	resides
NNP NNP lost domain name and the website now appears as a broken link .	7	9	VBZ	appears	appear
things have a way of changing once an election is over .	0	1	VBP	have	has
NNP service travels to elizabeth , NNP , NNP river and intermediate points .	1	2	VBZ	travels	travel
the correct term for the movement of molecules driven by thermal energy is random thermal motion , sometimes VBN to as random molecular mobility , or just molecular mobility .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
some regional languages are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , etc .	2	3	VBP	are	is
article about online news site is being edited by account whose name matches the name of the editor and owner , linda solomon .	11	12	VBZ	matches	match
the house is one of a few houses in minnesota built with timber VBG before balloon NN and JJ lumber were well known in minnesota .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
indeed , all of the people who were so RB confused about this only had to look at to see that the afd notice is still on the same edit history that was originally nominated for deletion .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
rare side effects include VBG , VBG and skin NN changes .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this house differs from the benjamin NNP stone NNP martin stone house , though the national register of historic places nomination forms place them both at this address .	1	2	VBZ	differs	differ
there 's no evidence this man is `` notable '' , as claimed .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its west coast has several historical towns dating from roman times , such as the city of NNP , which hosts the yearly croatia open atp tennis tournament on clay courts .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in an age without open NN , it is questionable whether JJ interpretations like this are valid , if not VB in view of the NN of the holocaust , though their NNS have sometimes been great figures in traditional judaism .	12	15	VBP	are	is
these uncertain delays add up so , after passing through many devices , the NN timing for a signal will could be RB JJ .	2	3	VBP	add	adds
the object is not a likely candidate to support life , either on its surface or on any satellites .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
clark speaks is real , and has very nearly succeeded in destroying the native canadian community that VBD here when european settlers arrived .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other communities within NNP are NNP cross , NNP hill , middle park , NNP road and NNP way .	1	4	VBP	are	is
florida has long been a swing state , and the cuban american voting block is a powerful one .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
while there is no cure for NN , patients otherwise have excellent NN .	8	10	VBP	have	has
as a citizen journalist , i 'm going to show my 20 , 000 daily iranian readers what israel really looks like and how people live there .	24	25	VBP	live	lives
most organizations have a number of information security controls .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the book is the JJ publication of an JJ NN , published as a result of patrick NNP 's position as an accomplished author of historical NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i would like confirmation from other admins that such actions are JJ as a form of disruption .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this argument belongs RB , not at ani .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
publication is the first threshold that all information must meet to be included in wikipedia 's articles .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
besides , the current article is little more than a list of the chapters of the book .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
although each location is JJ , they are connected by NNP national , a CD ( c ) ( 3 ) governing body .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the list is truly incredible , the result is simply VBG !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a VBN control strategy typically increases the distance from stored grid electricity compared to a JJ strategy .	3	5	VBZ	increases	increase
the other players then try to think of the correct NN pair .	2	4	VBP	try	tries
another area i have been really active in is NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
this article cherry picks only those sources that support the claim of discrimination while ignoring other sources that provide a NN .	2	3	VBZ	picks	pick
this VBZ that the currency is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this category is for members of the greek parliament elected in the greek legislative election , 1932 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one major consideration in the use of web NNS is how they 'll impact website NNP ( search engine NNP ) .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
in south africa , where the local NNP NNP NNS are readily available , none of the NNS have the capability of launching a bullet at .	9	10	VBP	are	is
a full formation is a NNP formation which is also closed under taking NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
your objection , at this point , is JJ .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
it will take some time , and more input from the community , to help make these things go more RB .	17	18	VBP	go	goes
one explanation for this NN is what NNP meant by `` democracy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN main entrance to the fort is the VBG NNP NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
ten NNS have electrical connections , the other 19 do not .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the demands made by the removing admin are essentially impossible to meet by any reasonable standard and strike me as an abuse of NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the given source has nothing to do with this article .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
however , some facts indicate that the tower might be built , but not to be completed on the scheduled date .	3	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
its award and symbol is the NNP NN , representing an NNP 's falcon , a species which NNS freely on the cliffs of NNP and NNP and which VBZ the JJ falcon , by john NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
facebook was holding about them , the first 16 complaints target different problems , from JJ old `` NNS '' all the way to the question if sharing and new functions on facebook should be JJ or NN .	9	10	VBP	target	targets
because this kind of problem is not at all uncommon in an encyclopedia with four point two million entries and JJ numbers of vandals , NN , NNS and NNS , we have a specific place where you can go to lodge this sort of complaint .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
lower and middle school sports teams have an JJ policy and all students are encouraged to play .	5	6	VBP	have	has
environmental NNS and NNS or NNS need to understand structural geology because structures are sites of NN flow and NN , which may affect , for instance , NN of toxic substances from waste NNS , or NN of NN water into NNS .	1	6	VBP	need	needs
the club has a very comprehensive website , www .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if the player accepts lord NNP 's offer , the vampire lord VBZ the player character .	2	3	VBZ	accepts	accept
speedy NNP ; in view of the statement by the editor , it makes it JJ that the sole purpose is advertising the book , and , since the book is RB non-notable , there 's no way of fixing the article .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
the flank NN is about 4 inches wide , is usually covered in NN or NN and NNS behind the JJS part of the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in a naval action during the NNP wars , french NNS defeat british east NNP in the bay of bengal .	10	11	VBP	defeat	defeats
search costs VBP by journal editors takes place when editors try to save time and effort by RB or RB VBG articles from well-known scholars .	9	10	VBP	try	tries
the nickname for inhabitants of NNP is NNP ( horse NNS ) because horse meat ( specially VBP ) is a beloved food in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP tape exists , though it is now JJ print .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
his father is italian , his mother is JJ ; he has two older brothers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete as NN ( or , in any case , surely not in our NN ) , although it should be said that , whilst this usage is probably a hoax , the NNP NNP story is , for NNS fans , all too real .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
the suggested target in the debate is list of characters in the harry potter books , but that article does not VB descriptions of characters , and merging the article there would more or less amount to creating only a redirect ( this character is already mentioned there ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the first word is an NN ( american ) and the second a noun ( filipino ) - there goes the difference .	13	19	VBZ	goes	go
the eyes are large and NN , with large JJ NNS behind .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the location is adjacent to the other schools of NNP and to NNP hospital complex , the teaching hospital of NNP university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the building , built in 1919 , is currently the oldest JJ building on campus and has been modified for use by the NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in costa rica this tree grows at low NNS in the forest but the NNS are JJ NN and natural NN rates are high .	4	5	VBZ	grows	grow
the general layout of the fort NNP military railroad ( NNP ) is that of a loop within a loop , with a long track leading to the junction with the NNP ( former NNP and ohio railroad ) line at lee hall .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
courses include a wide range of disciplines incorporating many aspects of NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
paris 's arc de NNP on NNP 's suggests her NNS to accompany NNP to the shows there , while the JJ image on andy 's suggests the natural , JJ qualities she displays at the NN of her tenure with the magazine .	22	26	VBZ	suggests	suggest
its stated mission is `` to present top researchers in the field of NN who will share their ongoing and current research .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the sole exception seems to lie in the situation where , VBN with power , the stronger party to the dispute relies upon force to VB the JJR .	17	21	VBZ	relies	rely
the casino resort has 74 , 000 NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
even in the link you provided , the autobiography is there , in the external links section .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
man is free , with a will either for NN or resistance .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the station produces and broadcast a daily news show , 5 day news , and also broadcasts programming from deutsche NNP tv , russia today tv , and the classic arts showcase .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
no vote - this is a bunch of editors from the NNP NNP article attempting to VB a good and valid article , therefore , this vote is JJ and should not be recognized .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the timber used is australian NN so the NNS really fly .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
its current name comes from the fact that it is a house POS ' on the hill , which commanded great views over the river thames .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the freight NNPS 4th album is JJ marker ' , released in 2010 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the bar is not lit when the next signal applies to the straight route , but is VBN when the next signal applies to the NN .	8	9	VBZ	applies	apply
in the finite case such a representation is direct ( i .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the solo instrument is a real NN played by a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the problem is he halfway case .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
city of key west , while the southern part is a JJ place ( cdp ) in monroe county , florida , united states .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a JJ form of this NN exists in almost every other JJ language .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist
her most recent novel , `` variable stars '' ( NNP books ) is about the eighteenth century NN , caroline NNP .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
a few areas have JJ education systems with an intermediate middle level from age 9 to 13 .	2	3	VBP	have	has
obtaining success with the JJ NN NN research , NNP VBD whether humans also use NN to distinguish objects in their surrounding environment .	12	14	VBP	use	uses
coast guard , and the rest is open for development .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , a NN template since the only place it can VB you to is the article you 're on !	4	14	VBZ	is	are
the theatre of NNP opens ; first a court theatre , it becomes public from the CD .	1	4	VBZ	opens	open
this suburb is very close to the historic NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
abstract strategy games with hidden information , NN , or JJ move elements are better served by von NNP game theory , while those with a component of luck may require probability theory incorporated into either of the above .	2	13	VBP	are	is
changes in direction are often due to interaction with other objects , but not always in a JJ manner .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the authors note that other factors , such as restricted genetic conditions , may also explain this relationship .	1	2	VBP	note	notes
NNP , meaning that more compression is necessary , and therefore more compression artifacts appear .	13	14	VBP	appear	appears
the subject is edward ( ted ) frederick NNP , NN on his day of retirement , 18 may 2013 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples of linear elements are NNS , NNS , and air core NNS .	0	4	VBP	are	is
part of the yearly mount NNP celebration of dance takes place on the summit of mount NNP at the autumn NN .	0	9	VBZ	takes	take
a military road is a type of road built by the united states army .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the evolution of a JJ system from a start time to and end time is such that the action is a minimum with respect to arbitrary small changes in the NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the nervous system is reasonably simple , consisting of a VBN nerve ring surrounding the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a biography claiming the subject leads a gang , VBZ in robbery and is a NN needs to be RB sourced .	15	16	VBZ	needs	need
the numbers get worse if any of those NNP were JJ NNS ; that would imply more NNS for less home runs .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
NNP trail passes through the state forest .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
NNP 's work takes for granted a racial hierarchy that places NNS at the top as a master race .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
accordingly , while text such as `` NNP was born on december 10 , 1830 '' can be copied without NN marks , care must be taken not to rely too much on the NN that text is not creative .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
supporters hope that the plan will help bring information access to poor NNPS and make the city more attractive to young and educated people .	0	1	VBP	hope	hopes
shortly thereafter the killer comes NNS , turning on a generator .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
NN members help with the NN of NNS , as well as hosting the scientists during their stay by providing them with NNS and local cultural activities .	1	2	VBP	help	helps
physical NN may no longer be used , but the NN is still good .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
electric drive is almost universal because a railroad locomotive is a difficult environment for a mechanical NN , as the loads vary widely from second to second as the NN action runs in and out .	20	21	VBP	vary	varies
his first fight there , against victor NNP , also has a mystery element , because , although it is believed that it took place on january 1 , 1925 , the date of the bout is not exactly known .	32	36	VBZ	is	are
the list is quite informative , i see no good reason for deletion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in many practical cases this definition needs to be further expanded with a number of detailed specifications describing which calls exactly are counted as successfully NN and which not .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
so a path bike is purely for the track and a path racer is essentially a track bike with road geometry and CD course to JJ NN NNS used originally on JJ roads as well as track .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
also the fact that the target page is JJ means the page would need a much higher value to be included .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the documentary this is NNP ( 1964 ) , hosted by edward NNP and filmed at the NNP club , includes campbell performing his NNP hit `` NNP NNP '' .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NN '' classes implement the `` window '' interface , which defines the `` draw ( ) ; '' method and the `` NN ( ) ; '' method , that are required in this scenario , in order to VB a window control .	2	3	VBP	implement	implements
the team discovers him alive and well , but getting him back to his mother is not simple .	1	2	VBZ	discovers	discover
meeting is an album of all carter family songs featuring the singing of tommy thompson , mike NNP , and jim watson .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS found in the village suggest ancient settlement , while the NNP ecclesiastical settlement looks back to a thousand years of christian witness .	14	15	VBZ	looks	look
my witch doctor tells me this is bad NN !	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
her goal is to slip her own message into her fashion photos , thus VBG the barrier between her art and fashion projects .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so , friends , before you VBP into us for encouraging new editors to create articles even if they do n't have a lot of references and even if the articles are technical or of interest to a specific group , please read and VB the following .	30	31	VBP	are	is
its population ( NNP 2005 ) is CD .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this type of machine is generally distinct from unit record equipment ( some unit record machines were also called accounting machines ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
its crown is black VBN with NN and the throat is white .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and his failure to admit this because there is supposedly some question about it , while on the other hand he RB VBZ things as facts about which he has zero evidence of ( e .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
during the NN process ice NNS form on the inside cool surface of the NN wall .	5	6	VBP	form	forms
the writings on the liver are names of NNP NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
even without significant personal coverage , and even VBG the NNP award , his winning of those last three awards gives notability .	14	20	VBZ	gives	give
current plans are for new upper level streets in the area as part of the NNP east development .	1	2	VBP	are	is
their NNS are JJ with JJ imaging of JJ plates moving .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the city council VBZ the mayor and vice mayor from among its members to serve two-year terms .	2	3	VBZ	selects	select
the school offers programs specializing in computers , business , NN , animation , wood technology , metal technology , english , and native studies .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the talk page of the article tells us that NNP presented his work alongside other artists at a museum show in 1996 .	2	6	VBZ	tells	tell
it is used at moments when the performer is not under time NN , such as during a purely instrumental musical passage or when another character is speaking .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i would like to VB people that although the page is currently in poor condition or incomplete that i am still working on it so that it is not tagged for deletion .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
as for the bio guideline , in my opinion , the question is has NNP howard been the subject of JJ coverage by reliable sources and the answer is yes .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
like the atp world tour masters 1000 , these events offer various amounts of prize money and the numbers refer to the amount of ranking points earned by the winner of a tournament .	9	10	VBP	offer	offers
the subject might be high NN , but the image is only a poor representation .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the building is mostly a JJ structure with a small second floor in the academic wings on the north side .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the court sits permanently in NNP but also provides services in 14 other communities including dawson city and watson lake .	1	2	VBZ	sits	sit
its many trails , mature second growth forest , striking NNS of the city , and nearby beach make the area a popular destination .	2	18	VBP	make	makes
if only the branch current is desired , the default output automatically includes the NNS through all independent voltage sources .	10	12	VBZ	includes	include
most patients develop diabetes and NN as NNS and many die due to JJ activity against many organs .	1	2	VBP	develop	develops
keep - high schools seem to be regarded as notable per se .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
the library holds various cultural events such as lectures , film series , and music .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the coat of arms contains symbols from the six constituent towns with the design based on the old bury county borough arms .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain
this oppose is obsolete , and without an updated rationale , it should be VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the audience has seen that the NNS are the same size in the original shot , the difference in relation to the two characters allows the audience to VB the characters as different sizes based on their relative size to the NNS they are holding .	7	8	VBP	are	is
although about 1 in 4 , 000 people are JJ to these types of NNS , the number of people affected by this pokémon episode was JJ .	7	8	VBP	are	is
its core idea is to describe a database as a collection of NNS over a finite set of NN variables , describing constraints on the possible values and combinations of values .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the common name `` NNP line '' , literally `` research city line '' , comes from the NNP science city , which is located along the line around the border of osaka and NNP NNS .	2	15	VBZ	comes	come
the pet helps in certain objectives , however , after that the player should give a treat for it .	1	2	VBZ	helps	help
the book also incorporates various humorous NNS that NNP has created and posted online ; within the book , they were created by one of the main characters .	1	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
but rivalry is not the main problem for young NNP , but rather the appearance of young NNP and the NN of love .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the school finds out that prince charles will be attending they VBP their efforts , but mrs NNP throws a NN into the works when she VBZ that NNP will have to kiss a māori in the play .	2	3	VBZ	finds	find
fair use in finger NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in an attempt to force mayor gray anderson to let the refugees stay , roger shoots and wounds him .	11	12	VBP	stay	stays
still , many organic NNS regard NNP as an RB JJ molecule due to its known NN , and avoid its use when possible .	4	5	VBP	regard	regards
NNP has suggested the `` transfer effect '' , in which he claimed that NN species that build the most elaborate NNS are JJ in color and show little variation between male and female , whereas in NN species with less elaborate NNS , the males have bright NN .	15	22	VBP	are	is
the VBG champion is ronnie NNP , who has won the title five times .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
so this is not , for me , an abstract issue - this is a case of wikipedia failing to provide me the information i wanted .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
while many locations operate these areas as completely separate brands ( i .	2	3	VBP	operate	operates
its JJ nature makes it suitable in a food product , and since it VBZ oxygen within the dead bird , NN also VBZ NN life .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the JJ branch of the JJ nerve is a terminal branch of the JJ nerve .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
italian commercial and cultural life is also prevalent on hastings around NNP , and from there NNS into the NNP heights region of north NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the parish is now a part of the diocese of san jose in california .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a rocket is a vehicle , missile , or aircraft VBN by an engine that creates thrust from a high speed NN jet made exclusively from NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
during a silent dialogue , the couple 's fear turns to understanding and NN .	8	9	VBZ	turns	turn
because NNP NNS there are at least 2 NNS between every 2 ones , it is guaranteed that every pit and land is at least three bit clock cycles long .	19	22	VBZ	is	are
when this order occurs , however , the subject must be JJ .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNP vehicles in brazil are JJ with a small gasoline reservoir for cold starting the engine when temperatures drop below .	1	4	VBP	are	is
other studies dealt with the NN , NN and NN of NNS , on which he collaborated with prof .	1	2	VBP	dealt	dealt
the performance of a signal processing system depends on the characteristics of the local NN .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
according to russian NN , a black cat is bad luck , but NNP chose to believe the english version of the story , where the black cat is actually considered lucky .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the magnetic field is so strong that atoms have their electrons VBN into a JJ shape , long and thin .	7	8	VBP	have	has
people have NNS about persons with NN .	0	1	VBP	have	has
NNP railway station ( ) serves the city and NN of NNP , in the region of NNP , northern italy .	2	5	VBZ	serves	serve
the problem on this accusation is that we were introducing the new rough consensus proposed by NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although they share the same name and much of the legacy , the new club is not to be confused with the old NNP .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
this way , if the child is unable to VB a certain food , it can be determined which food is causing the reaction .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a short introduction to NN , including helpful animated graphics , is at NNS .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
our ability to make these statements comes from the process of assuming the continuous form of the normal distribution and certain of its well-known properties .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come
current plans are to VB the speedway as part of NNS to the NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the touch of the NNP NNP VBZ power girl 's memories , and NNP then reveals to her that his plan is to bring back NNP .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the rationale is that when britain left india , these territories should have come to nepal and not retained in india because all treaties between britain and nepal were VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the new opening sequence shows the stars in space before showing the train coming out from behind the earth and towards and then JJ .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show
the eggs produced are white with JJ spots in NNS of three to four , and measure 14 .	1	3	VBP	are	is
this article is basically an essay VBG the response of an organization to NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he works mostly in middle relief and sometimes as a JJ man for the team 's closer , although many baseball NNS expect that he will become a closer himself within the next few seasons .	21	22	VBP	expect	expects
NNS can be set to reject a bad report and return it for standard NN , but these settings are arbitrary .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NNP 's map shows that the stream never ran further west than the JJS NN of NNP grove , NNP hill ( an JJ road ending at NNP where the course lay ) .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
as part of this responsibility , the department tracks the traffic volumes along NNP .	7	8	VBZ	tracks	track
hell , they quote the neighbors in the new york times when a building burns down .	13	14	VBZ	burns	burn
logan survives but NNP and another NNP agent go missing .	1	8	VBP	go	goes
my view is that we need to improve understanding of what is or is not a policy based vote to improve the quality of debate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the book has only of late headed NN lists , and has only been available for less than a month , i VBP that additional sources toward notability will be brought forward if the stub is allowed to grow .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
within the household , if no qualified man is present , is the one exception for women to lead men in prayers .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in microsoft 's case , a smoke test is the process of VBG code changes before they are checked into source control .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN probably stood in a shrine which some researchers say could have been about high .	9	10	VBP	say	says
every year many residents in the street cover their homes and front gardens with lights and other JJ christmas NNS , attracting many people from all over melbourne to the NN .	3	7	VBP	cover	covers
once a committee has VBN in on a piece of legislation , the bill returns to the floor for second hearing , called the `` consideration of committee '' report , and a third hearing , which happens just before the floor vote on it .	13	14	VBZ	returns	return
the JJ meaning of NNP NNP is `` NNP 's horses '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
other facilities like NN , indoor shuttle court , gymnasium and an extension of the JJ society store are available in the girls ' NN .	1	18	VBP	are	is
NNP ) provided that NNS are also NNP CD .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP 's sculptures are currently in the collection of `` NNP national de NNP NN '' in NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the dubai police force VBZ to be RBS progressive ' of all arabic police forces and aims for high education standards amongst its personnel .	3	4	VBZ	strives	strive
the town has a cafe , post office , church , primary school , bowling green and a recently built sports complex .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these NNS are not RB exclusive , and might exist simultaneously in the same individual .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN 's habitat is in JJ forests from summer to autumn .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
british empire , yet historians refer to them not as british but rather canadian or american .	4	5	VBP	refer	refers
recently the theory has been VBN further by jacob NNP who simply calls them JJ categories , though the latter term is also a generic term for all models of ( NN , k ) categories for any k .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
many bands perform the JJ versions of the songs and sometimes record entire albums of them .	1	2	VBP	perform	performs
for JJ reasons ' the duel becomes a boxing match .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
my view is that JJR film should be defined as any film involving one or more NNS VBG and killing a sequence of victims .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB 2 february ( some sources say 1 february ) , the japanese NN NNP struck a mine laid by the dutch NN NNP NNP in the bay of NNP and sank .	5	6	VBP	say	says
the road begins to curve straight north before entering the city of NNP , where the rural NNS continue .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
these plants have excellent NNS of scale , but usually VBP electricity long distances resulting in JJ losses , RB affect the environment .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the area has one of the most extensive areas of relatively JJ NN NN in northern england , as well as a number of JJ habitats , including wet and dry heath , acid NN , limestone NN and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the organization offers both degree programs and certification in a variety of areas , including RB focused therapy , NNP consultant , community crisis response team , and other areas .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the total NN rate for women with a college education is 2 .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
this page is about the pennsylvania state senator ; for the former u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rules for measurement in quantum mechanics are particularly simple to state in terms of density NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
this category contains articles about people who have attended the university of connecticut in NNP , connecticut .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
most large universities have courses in translation as well , which would be recommended .	2	3	VBP	have	has
if one of the NNS has at most one term , the result is obvious ; this covers in particular all cases with fewer than 4 JJ terms .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
american and german soldiers spend an JJ christmas together in NNP france .	3	4	VBP	spend	spends
if this edit is constructive , please go to the bottom of this page and click CD page ' again , and report this error .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in chemistry , an JJ electron is an electron that occupies an orbital of an atom RB , rather than as part of an electron pair .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
although some were added , all but one of them make no mention of this platform , and the one that does only makes a passing mention .	19	23	VBZ	makes	make
the eyes are medium , with a dark color and dark NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for some reason the mixture of love and NN that brings about the death of a highly JJ NN fails to attract or convince .	4	19	VBZ	fails	fail
i have nothing but NN for myspace , but without reliable sources using this NN , i agree this page appears to exist only to VB its subject .	19	20	VBZ	appears	appear
the JJ classification of this galaxy is NNP ( s ) ab , which indicates it is a spiral galaxy that displays mixed VBN and JJ features with intermediate to JJ arms and no ring .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
its current owners are gene NNP and john NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's book VBZ the japanese way of viewing and VBG art and beauty in everyday crafts , including NNS , NN , NNS , and NN .	2	3	VBZ	examines	examine
through the NNP , the registered protestant church VBZ in the world council of churches .	7	8	VBZ	participates	participate
tour is the fourth solo concert tour by mexican pop and rock singer NNP NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
solar collectors have the advantage of not being JJ and not having pieces that can fly off at high speeds , so they might be a bit more acceptable .	1	2	VBP	have	has
to the first question he answered that , although the NNP NN is not identical with that of the NNP , it nevertheless existed at the time of the second temple .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
similarly the set of all sets of atomic sentences corresponds to the set of all possible worlds ( all that could be the case ) .	2	9	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
the toll VBZ two NNS , newspapers said , who had been hung in NNP on 18 february .	1	2	VBZ	excludes	exclude
this template VBZ an JJ tournament NN with a third place match , JJ tennis scores and a third place match .	1	2	VBZ	generates	generate
in partnership with delaware and mount NNP , the three communities VBP responsibilities of hosting canada day celebrations .	10	11	VBP	rotate	rotates
o channels that are fixed and static ) , and usually replace multiple network and storage connections to each server with a single cable that carries multiple traffic types .	1	11	VBP	replace	replaces
a sign from the belt system is a featured pittsburgh landmark on NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
beside the fact that delete voters basically said the same materials exist elsewhere in other event articles ( which is false ) , they also seemed unable to reply to any keep arguments that emerged in the debate .	10	11	VBP	exist	exists
a tradition from NNP is that a chief of the NNP clan , NNP NNP , was engaged in a heated discussion with NNP of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
head shop products are not illegal drug NNS because they are intended for use with JJ NNS , tobacco , and other legal substances .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP argument most certainly does not deserve points .	1	4	VBZ	does	do
if the universe instead VBZ forever , the NNP principle would have to take a JJR form , VBG the existence of a more or less remote NN to a universal quantum computer .	2	4	VBZ	expands	expand
the aim of which is to encourage competition in all areas of school life and increase interaction between the different year groups .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
stock VBG agreements usually include provisions to VB the NN for any benefits that they would otherwise have lost during the period of the loan .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
this fee is to obtain a `` NNP licence '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the text giving half the seized property to the NN is an interesting ( typical ) example VBG the NNS prevalent in justice during the late middle ages and modern times .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN is that a molecule is `` hit '' by a signal and its behavior is thereby changed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
dead crazy ' , a feature film directed by frank NNP of the film theatre company , in which eva plays the role of sophie , is currently in NN and due to be released later in 2013 .	6	26	VBZ	is	are
in its review of the play , the new york times stated that NNP 's lead performance `` has many affecting moments as the JJ claire .	16	18	VBZ	has	have
the company mostly offers parts and NNS for all models of american and canadian heavy duty class 8 diesel trucks though it offers parts for class JJ trucks as well .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
most students from NNP go to arizona state university , university of arizona , northern arizona university or NNP community college .	1	4	VBP	go	goes
the democratic candidate is former democratic national committee chairman terry NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the sections have a less historic feel now and more content .	1	2	VBP	have	has
just above the NN are the NN and the NN , which also VBP visible light but are only seen during a solar eclipse , when the moon passes between the earth and sun .	27	28	VBZ	passes	pass
no person can describe the effect ; but so in claude 's landscapes the evening clouds drink up the JJ light , and VB into soft NN !	15	16	VBP	drink	drinks
the NN includes 26 other democrats in the house .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
each successive tale tells of further breakdown of urban society .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
ethnic minorities are present throughout the province .	1	2	VBP	are	is
hey , so i 'm trying to come up with a NN name for something , and the sentence refers to a generic person .	18	19	VBZ	refers	refer
after several minutes of discussion between the officials , the original call was VBN as the rules state that a player who is VBN against the wall is out of NNS .	20	27	VBZ	is	are
my motivation is just to let other people know about it and share the NN i get from the entertainment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( 1910 ) suggested that the text of the manuscript contains NNS of the ( otherwise unknown ) NNP NNP on medicine .	7	11	VBZ	contains	contain
the two NNP NNS , the pakistani and small remnants in indian now form distinct communities , with their own NNS .	3	13	VBP	form	forms
the two new couples have their JJ day anniversary wedding NN .	3	4	VBP	have	has
in the JJ , the hull runs smooth to the NN .	5	6	VBZ	runs	run
quite a few men prefer men with NN NNS , as well .	3	4	VBP	prefer	prefers
and people wonder why excellent contributors leave wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	wonder	wonders
needs cross links for comparison to NNP , NNP , third way , socialism , democratic socialism , but i did n't want to dig even deeper , without proper references supporting each and every comparison , with all the NN the article has been getting so far .	0	1	VBP	cross	crosses
since the VBG steam will initially be completely VBN NN , detection can be difficult , although the intense heat and sound from such a NN clearly indicates its presence .	19	27	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the NN is what gets stripped off the fiber for NN or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is an encyclopedia ; our articles are properly about JJ concepts , not words , with the exception of a few words that have extensive notability beyond their definitions .	6	7	VBP	are	is
this category is for baseball at NNP college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to be fair , i would rather have a long season section actually , considering people are more likely to read the whole season article than an individual article .	15	16	VBP	are	is
long autobiography of a NN whose notability is probably not sufficient for inclusion .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the west olive NNP code CD serves most of the township .	4	6	VBZ	serves	serve
the annual apollo night talent show draws about 1 , 500 people to the NNP civic memorial auditorium ( 1925 ) to watch performances by VBG northern california musicians .	5	6	VBZ	draws	draw
academic hall 's six NNP columns stand as the most JJ symbol of the university of missouri .	5	6	VBP	stand	stands
the railway continues to operate as a tourist railway , generally operating between easter and the end of october with extra services during february half term and santa NNS at christmas .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
sources for this bio appear intact through NN to specific , JJ wiki articles .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears
then , the agency gives away , at no charge , the right to use the spectrum to VB it VBZ appropriate .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give
when grown on IN it typically produces cream colonies , however when grown on JJ NN NNS , the colonies turn olive green after approximately four weeks .	19	20	VBP	turn	turns
it is clear that there is no consensus here in favour of the proposal , and i hope that no admin is so JJ as to attempt to VB it in the absence of such consensus .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
a merge would be difficult since a number of articles have strong claims to such a merger but the option is of course open to discussion .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the user appears to have taken ownership of other articles including NNP NNP and johnny NNP , the latter also resulting in multiple NNS with no edit summary , with associated JJ incivility , as per 1 and 2 .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
a variant of NNP , called NNP , consists of a JJ version of a raw JJ disk image .	1	8	VBZ	consists	consist
in the uk and commonwealth , electric NN commonly refers to an electric NN NN , which is placed below the bottom bed sheet .	7	9	VBZ	refers	refer
the NNP family monument in NNP cemetery is JJ in every sense of the word ; grade ii listed by english heritage in 1999 , it VBZ arthur and julia NNP and their three sons .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the seals limit the volume of water entering and leaving the suit .	1	2	VBP	limit	limits
the eastern approaches of the RBS three all pass through adjacent unincorporated areas , the village of los NNP de NNP , or the north valley .	2	8	VBP	pass	passes
one drug they often use , NN , is JJ and causes extreme NN and VBG where VBN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
it should be accurate up to when the information in the infobox is correct .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
in addition , private think tanks and other organizations use the NNP data for their own research .	5	9	VBP	use	uses
JJ disease is the leading cause of deaths worldwide , though since the 1970s , JJ NN rates have declined in many JJ countries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the one outstanding point i can see is the JJ NN between quotes and the article proper ; it 's not important but it may be JJR to VB them .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a full list of NNS from that date is extant .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNS are similar , but females are slightly NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the week long event includes NNS , concerts and `` meet and VB '' events for artists , industry workers and members of the media .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
the stem is a NN and VBD NN with a diameter up to 30 cm and many VBP JJ or grey branches .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since all people of the world , including the most isolated tribal groups , have a form of music , it may be concluded that music is likely to have been present in the JJ population prior to the NN of humans around the world .	2	14	VBP	have	has
superior 's history is one of coal mining .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , any attempts to cut that down are consistently shot down , so it tells me that people are indeed interested in the process as long as it suits them .	18	19	VBP	are	is
other dialects are RB JJ when speakers avoid the excessive usage of NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his family is NNP and owned the NNP estate , located today in the district of NNP in JJ east bengal NNP NNP ahmed NNP is the father of NNP NNP ahmed NNP , a candidate for the mayor of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it may be derived from this that if an editor displays JJ behaviour , it should be the content of said editor 's edits that are criticised , rather than the editor 's general attitude or editing pattern .	9	10	VBZ	displays	display
the district contains 23 resources of which 17 are contributing properties .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
although the cemetery is often JJ of visitors , during NNP , the cemetery is often filled with NNS and families visiting the dead .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
differences between populations in the presence of disease and health outcomes are JJ in many areas .	0	11	VBP	are	is
article is almost entirely written from one source , and is short enough that anything useful can be merged back .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the broadcasts ( in dutch ) are available online .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the aim of matrix NN is 1 ) encourage the plants you do want , and 2 ) VB the plants you do not want .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP tv 's current schedule includes men 's interest programming , sporting and concert events , with a future emphasis on entertainment and pop culture programming .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
other locations include the NNP , the setting for the JJ event ; and NNP , the city where the NNP knights of peace 's headquarters is located .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
be eligible to receive NNP assistance , if the student is under the age of 18 and has a child .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
when NNP learns that NNP and NNP are VBG a baby , only to find out it was a RB diagnosed phantom pregnancy , the stress causes his eating disorder to VB up again .	25	26	VBZ	causes	cause
the flat areas , in particular NNP are the JJS areas of the islands with NN in the range a year .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the teams compete in a JJ tournament .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes
the purpose of this domain is to capture the NNS of the population VBG income NN in an area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP makes the point that open relationships take as much care , concern , and commitment as do JJ ones .	6	7	VBP	take	takes
specializing in healthcare and alternative medicine but also offering general education to VB to fulfill curriculum distribution requirements , the university VBZ its academic NNS in the areas of psychology and mental health NN , rehabilitation NN , JJ nursing , NN , JJ and JJ medicine .	20	21	VBZ	concentrates	concentrate
the story of continued NNS begins with the NNP algorithm , a procedure for finding the greatest common NN of two natural numbers m and n .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin
davis NN , named after NNP NNP and NNP davis , is an upper bound on the NN of any bounded probability distribution on the real line .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
this article is about a new york city police deputy inspector who has gained NN for JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its major employers include howard industries , NNP farms , NNP , family health center , NNP implement , NNP and south central regional medical center .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the film ends with NNP 's photographs rolling through the credits .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
part of the film takes place at NNP in 1973 .	0	4	VBZ	takes	take
NNP NNP , who starred in four episodes of the original series , took on NNP 's position as narrator ; unlike VBG he did not appear on screen , nor did he receive screen credit , though his name appears in the end credits .	39	40	VBZ	appears	appear
first , i think the definition of found art within the article is sufficiently definite .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
drawing songs exist for many children 's cartoon characters in japan , for example NNP .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
furthermore , the united states article only has human rights as part of a NN of the politics section , and that article is already way too large .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
the formula for this edition is different from the formula adopted in the previous championship , even exist an article in the NNP do NNP ( statute supporter ) which VBZ changes in the regulation within two years of validity .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
DT bear is JJ , black and dark brown in colour with an JJ patch on the chest , has large feet and NNS , as tall as , heavy in size ( males VBP , females ) , runs as fast as humans and has a long NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP half is copyvio of the organization 's website .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there is no requirement to VB with a project before tagging a template for discussion ; the reason a tag is used is so that it will pop up on the NNS of concerned editors .	17	22	VBZ	is	are
the second two examples , sentences c and d , contain the so-called `` complex NNS '' ; they show that when an auxiliary verb appears , the JJ verb is not separated , but rather the stem verb and particle appear together as a single word .	3	10	VBP	contain	contains
together with a smaller unnamed crater on its southern border , the crater NNP forms a shape similar to that of the NN found in card games .	12	14	VBZ	forms	form
the NNP tube mine in kazakhstan still provides JJ specimens ; a JJ NN host VBZ its specimens from other NNS .	14	15	VBZ	distinguishes	distinguish
differing sources give the date of the wreck as march 23 , 24 , or 25 , in 1892 or 1893 ; a contemporary new york times article said that it ran IN `` just before dawn '' on march 24 , 1893 .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
in general , these roads are built in areas where construction of JJ roads is expensive due to VB JJ land .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
the master of science in NNP is a JJ degree awarded for those with a dental degree ( NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , etc .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
but though these processes of VBG money and paper NNS are distinct , the terms used can sometimes be rather fluid and JJ .	3	10	VBP	are	is
if the community feels that i am JJ to be an administrator , then it will fail .	2	3	VBZ	feels	feel
this amount of atoms VBZ 1 .	1	4	VBZ	weighs	weigh
in my opinion the article does not show that the station is notable outside of the school , so it should be deleted .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
every other point is also in centre of its JJ universe .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the students in the same halls are near each other for eight years until high school .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the captain says , `` well , i bet you have n't seen her since the war .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the bay is best viewed from NNP warren or anywhere along the concrete NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some cleanup tags stay on articles literally for years , making it look bad .	2	3	VBP	stay	stays
after NNP the electricity NN is through NNP to other surrounding areas .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
other television appearances include the JJ program quantum NNP , detective series such as NNP , and recurring roles on the soap operas dynasty and general hospital .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this article is about the area in eastern NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original part of rhodes ' home holds exhibits on the life of cecil rhodes , JJ south african artifacts from his travels , and a reconstructed middle class victorian drawing room with family NNS .	2	7	VBZ	holds	hold
oppose lack of JJ edits suggests NN with NN , fundamental for an NN .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest
french language and the translations from and towards 22 languages ( that means approximately 4 .	1	12	VBZ	means	mean
examples of the archbishop 's `` quiet personal charity '' are rarely supplied in john NNP 's biography , `` john charles NNP , ruler of catholic ireland '' .	0	10	VBP	are	is
a simple depth map depth map is the term used in NNP NNP for indicating distance from the camera with varying levels of gray when using the lens NNP filter .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the fact that racism is JJ on wikipedia is a JJ belief to me .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the first sentence makes it seem like she moved out in a NN ; the third sentence makes it sound like the king went too .	16	17	VBZ	makes	make
the point is at least some admins are n't making any effort to do this user by user but are just going through the JJ categories and effectively deleting random images ( at NNP 's suggestion ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
clinical examinations usually involve testing responses to VB such as touch , temperature , and NN .	1	3	VBP	involve	involves
the belief is that those who come from a lower status community have a more complete knowledge on account of the fact that they VBP so many more struggles in their NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP '' 's title leads to it frequently being VBN somewhat RB in the NN and JJ CD ' school of eurovision lyrics .	3	4	VBZ	leads	lead
the cartoon ends with bugs VBG NNP with NNS and VBG NNP after she has eaten an explosive NN .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
also from 2010 NNP is president of green container international aid , an organization whose goal is to respond to humanitarian needs worldwide through usage of JJ NNS .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
not every character in a notable work of fiction is notable .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the czech republic davis cup team represents the czech republic in davis cup tennis competition and are governed by the czech tennis federation .	5	6	VBZ	represents	represent
the courtyard of the mosque is the earliest extant in a NN mosque to be paved with JJ marble .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if this situation reflects a NNP ' then it is a problem of people , not of the JJ entity we call 'the system ' .	2	3	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the coat of arms of the city of brussels shows two lions on a NN mount supporting a red shield .	1	9	VBZ	shows	show
NNP also VBD the credits sequence , but otherwise , the film is JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
although it is a member of the NNP cluster , this language is the most isolated one in that cluster ( VBG 1983 ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the majority of the muslim community is NNP , VBN with some NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
franklin 's account provides the details for the next years of ralph 's life .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
sock or meat , obvious puppet is obvious .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its coat of arms is JJ white and NN with a NN over its shield .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , the NNS prepare to stage a coup and VB the king , under the lead of NNP de NNP , an NN noble .	3	4	VBP	prepare	prepares
the closest relative of NNP is NNP , which also has enlarged and VBN NNS , JJ NNS , and a VBN upper NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
football project is that , even in the premier league , merely being given a squad number is not a reason by itself to keep an article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the charity takes care of these dogs under its popular sponsor a dog scheme .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
mystery in this landscape is a NN , an NN one .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the arbcom ruling allows any administrator to ban VBG from an article , for good cause , without time limit .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
no person falls exclusively into one category , and their JJ quality may shift over time .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
this content , RB titled , fits there like a NN .	1	6	VBZ	fits	fit
notable individuals who have used NNP devices include NNP , re , and NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
while NNP NNP ( JJ NNP ) is the most spoken language on in NNP , most of the literature is written in french , although many authors write in english , NNP , and NNP ( JJ NNP ) , and others such as NNP NNP in hindi .	27	28	VBP	write	writes
the inner surfaces of the shell are JJ white , often with yellow or orange NNS , and with a JJ NN along the dorsal edge .	2	6	VBP	are	is
NNP lake has a typical aquatic population for large deep lakes in the northeast , with JJ fish such as lake trout and atlantic salmon VBG the deeper waters , and JJ fish such as NNP bass and yellow NNP VBG the NN areas .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
all age based laws are usually the same ( there may sometimes be various specific differences , e .	3	4	VBP	are	is
some examples of common NN messages are news NNS , periodic messages from NNS from whom one has made previous NNS , messages from social networking sites , and wiki watch lists .	1	6	VBP	are	is
how we resolve this , just that the fight itself is what NNP is clearly after , and as long as we keep having this fight , NNP is going to continue to push our buttons .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
oh , and the picture is RB huge ( CD , CD NNS ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
free expression is quite strong in romania with or without that NN of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all three musical departments consistently receive superior ratings in district and city festivals .	3	5	VBP	receive	receives
its most common uses in this context are in NN VBD cream NNS , cooking NNS , and as an NN gas used to VB oxygen , to VB JJ growth , when filling packages of NN chips and other similar NN foods .	3	7	VBP	are	is
many NN events have been closely observed and even filmed because deep dynamic NN NNS are a competitive event and very deep NNS require a considerable support crew both above and below water .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the city walls , the NNS and the old castle VBP their existence to roger the great count .	2	10	VBP	owe	owes
nothing in the article implies notability , and a google search for `` the NN '' NN turns up exactly two hits , both wikipedia .	10	17	VBZ	turns	turn
the most important crop is VBN , while other important products are NNS , rice and NNS .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the JJ NNS are only necessary for elevated ( and cut or VBN ) tracks because they fit into icon cells that are empty in JJ track ( e .	2	3	VBP	are	is
feeling guilty over johnny 's death , she VBZ away from NNP kingston , whose father , the new reverend , seems to be against the sutton family .	15	21	VBZ	seems	seem
a women 's gallery runs along the north , west , and south walls .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
i really do n't know what to say except that the NN is insane .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNS of NN are able to determine the type of browser that is used by the customer .	0	3	VBP	are	is
when several NNS follow kate to make the arrest , a JJ and JJ NNP NNS for them to arrest chip on account of him being a strong NN ; VBN , they VBP him away .	2	3	VBP	follow	follows
the story is about a boy who falls in love with a girl in a poster advertisement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
western countries have successful and very JJ jews from both categories .	1	2	VBP	have	has
lead is ok , but needs more sections .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the image allows the planets ' NNS to be VBN better , since they take many decades , even hundreds of earth years to orbit their host star .	6	14	VBP	take	takes
an editor with a conflict of interest who has VBN a conflict and is discussing proposed changes on the talk page is VBG with the guideline , as is an editor who is making JJ changes in mainspace that are consistent with other wikipedia policies and guidelines .	1	28	VBZ	is	are
since calcium cycling is used to VB fiber activation and NN , the sr component of the muscle fiber controls the NN of NN processes .	14	19	VBZ	controls	control
its featured author is NNP NNP and its featured poet is NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
later stage treatment consists of cleaning the iron from the blood , using a VBG agent such as NN .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
and this guy knows he 's good !	2	3	VBZ	knows	know
the redirect is the result of a page move .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a kind of system of command among the various vessels is apparent in how flags are displayed on the NNS , but it does not appear to have been carried through RB .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
in practice , the NNP , NNP and NNP lines form a JJ NN line , as train services run between the NNP and NNP lines and between the NNP and NNP lines .	18	19	VBP	run	runs
author and irish NNP NN linda NNP believes the dogs ' close NN with humans makes them RB aware and sensitive to ill will or JJ intentions leading to their NN as a guardian rather than guard dog .	0	7	VBZ	believes	believe
the idea of the template is sound .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
so after delayed extraction , a group of NNS that leaves the ion source earlier has lower velocity in the direction of the NN compared to some other group of NNS that leaves the ion source later but with greater velocity .	6	15	VBZ	has	have
there are many success and NN lists on wp , in the absence of a total ban on these pages , it makes no sense to keep or delete these on the basis of how popular they are , since the most popular pages usually survive such requests .	43	45	VBP	survive	survives
air quality is extremely poor in NNP , the center of oil NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , NNP national director `` these findings are especially VBG because they show that the old , classical form of NN , which we had hoped was long gone in europe , continues to be JJ '' .	19	33	VBZ	continues	continue
it seems that NNP wo n't be a representative for sweden at miss universe 2008 after several unsuccessful attempts to participate and the sponsor has most probably dropped out for the future NNS .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
the village has a population ( 2011 ) of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP the language of NNP , a NN with a u ( n ) NN is an almost JJ NN .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP oppose the NN section is a mess .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN is a cluster of flowers with three to five NNS at the base , the lowest NN measuring up to 20 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film opens in 1940 , with lawrence in a screening room watching a documentary film VBG her life , then VBZ back to NNP in 1915 , when she leaves home to join her NN father in a JJ NNP music hall .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
so , at the risk of appearing JJ , i believe that the notion that the public is not qualified to judge whether classification is being over used is inherently an JJ and JJ notion , VBG its widespread following .	13	28	VBZ	is	are
this list contains the primary and notable secondary characters of NNP saga , a japanese manga and anime series .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the first full entry on page CD is relevant .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ core protein VBZ to the growth factors NNP and influences its NN .	2	3	VBZ	binds	bind
NNP NNP user is completely JJ for month and never really VBZ to criticism of his edits which are often pov or redundant to VB content .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
charity tells chris and she spends time with NNP as a family .	0	1	VBZ	tells	tell
this notation is appropriate in circumstances when the block is based upon a concern that should not be discussed JJ but only in a JJ environment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as i understand it the NN thing is for where the content is identical ( or as near as NN ) to the previously deleted article and therefore has already been the subject of a decision .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
public entertainment is almost JJ even in the big cities .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the highway goes northwest and ends at a junction with .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the NN NNS also incorporate weather NNS presented by paul NNP as well as a national finance segment presented by alan NNP .	2	4	VBP	incorporate	incorporates
the opera , which has JJ scenes , tells three true stories .	1	8	VBZ	tells	tell
on the west side , the building has a public hill climb on two flights of outdoor NNS that were VBN in clear tubes until 2006 when they were updated with a simpler , yet more modern glass roof .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
mental disorders possibly associated with chemical NNS are depression and NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is
as i said , the article is redundant .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
south korean pop culture articles are better covered than other topics , and wp korea , pop culture is one of the most active working group within the project .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the child of our home ) is a tamil language film starring m .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
top NNP cites are 21 , 19 , 18 , 16 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
joe ( tony curtis ) is a jazz NN player , JJ NN and ladies ' man ; his friend jerry ( jack NNP ) is a JJ jazz NN player .	19	25	VBZ	is	are
NNS become more central part of star trek online , they can develop their own NNS , which they improve and advance with the earning of fleet marks .	0	1	VBP	become	becomes
NNP is higher when a groups workers and leaders are of the same gender and when they share the same JJ strength , that is , the need for achievement and NN .	6	9	VBP	are	is
the exchange is relatively modern , having experienced reform in 1993 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what few sources there are about it are written , and there is nothing unreliable about the article .	2	4	VBP	are	is
delete paid or not , the article does not show notability -- for the reason that the subject is apparently not notable .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
under the common law such NNS are void as against the public policy of allowing NNS to freely VB of their property .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNP said that NNP does not believe that all opinions are equally worth , nor anybody else , except those permanently committed to the insane asylum .	9	10	VBP	are	is
one factor is the population size .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
v as well ) , but makes up only a small part of this article , and i think the VBG keep view relies on notability from his other NNS .	22	23	VBZ	relies	rely
this category is for people from NNP and NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the administrative center is the city of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in outcome 2 , jim 's JJ level is 23 ; NNP 's JJ level is 13 ; overall NN is 36 .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's face , such as it is in the original .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
delete per nom - the text is also very obviously the publisher 's NN , which RB alan you should have spotted !	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this debate is about whether or not this page should be deleted , and after seeing the overwhelming amount of evidence against having this page , you should be sure that a delete vote would be best .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
michael becomes dangerous and the group tries to find a solution .	5	6	VBZ	tries	try
the term VBZ JJ ' NNS and NNS differences not JJ to change .	1	2	VBZ	denotes	denote
crystal ball is not a generic NN for an article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the cost of housing in the new building is three times cheaper than the market average price .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP , in his review in 1843 , points out that NNP 's thought that his theory would not apply for NN waves is a mistake .	13	23	VBZ	is	are
pregnant and JJ females do not join , possibly because the energy cost of NN leaves them unable to pursue such swift prey .	12	15	VBZ	leaves	leave
author has a history of nonsense edits .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
this , plus the JJ popularity of their works today , reflected by the high prices some williams family paintings bring in auction , demonstrates the importance of the barnes school in the history of victorian art .	19	20	VBP	bring	brings
generally , income NNS carry the same risk levels as NN paying NNS that are traded on stock markets .	3	4	VBP	carry	carries
route 72 is one of seven state roads to enter the city of chicago .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's VBG former husband and laura 's beloved JJ rick NNP ( chris robinson ) returns to port charles .	4	16	VBZ	returns	return
on the year he was in the conference 's top five in several major JJ statistical categories , including NNS ( 1st ) , assists ( 5th ) and points ( 5th ) .	7	24	VBZ	assists	assist
many iranian businesses and individuals also rely on NN , an informal JJ money transfer system that exists in the middle east and other muslim countries .	2	6	VBP	rely	relies
however , evidence indicates that the earliest human settlement in the pagan region dates only from the JJ century ce .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
in a JJ IN the links link back to the start to form a stable circular chain .	5	6	VBP	link	links
according to the 2010 census almost three quarters of all asian americans live in california , new york , texas , new jersey , hawaii , illinois , washington , florida , virginia , and pennsylvania .	7	12	VBP	live	lives
the appearance of the church of NNP today closely resembles that of the renovation in 1872 , except for the colour .	1	9	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the bonus tracks also include the between the wars ep .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
the NN gene knockout collections are a unique resource for plant biology made possible by the availability of JJ transformation and funding for NNS resources .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the fact that it is not is a NN of the quality of the editors of the article .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
his credits include among other , many NNP NNP stage and radio productions , such as the mercury theatre on the air and also acted on the NNP of america , theatre guild on the air and the cbs radio mystery theater .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
to complete JJ merger , the acquiring company first creates a new corporation , which it owns and controls .	7	9	VBZ	creates	create
specifically , developments in the JJ JJ NN are important for controlling NNS and planning ahead , while development in the JJ JJ NN is important for decision making .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
this is because these countries are `` RB close in either proximity or terrain '' and face similar challenges in blood collecting , testing and distribution .	4	5	VBP	are	is
comment this can be turned into something that is not a stub , VBZ a list of where the shops are in the games , the weapons in each shop , etc etc .	19	20	VBP	are	is
purchase of a new type of train usually VBZ other events in the game , such as when older trains become obsolete , the availability of different sets of tiles , closure of private companies , etc .	19	20	VBP	become	becomes
NNP 1993 ) in this way , NNP uses JJ ideas towards more controversial ends , leaving him open to claims of NN when JJ parts are focused upon .	25	26	VBP	are	is
NNS are rare and NN only the NNS of the NNP , the eastern NNP channel .	0	1	VBP	are	is
while the band has not played any official concerts since going on hiatus , there have been several ad NN shows when the core members are together .	24	25	VBP	are	is
here the author employs much more direct and conventional means that work more RB to VB NNS and tears .	2	3	VBZ	employs	employ
my favorite line in the chapter , not very subtle but describing such a realistic character , is , `` .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
the summit offers a JJ view to the prominent NNP peak of the NNP range in the east , as well as to the JJ highlands beyond the german border in the west up to the cooling towers of NNP power station .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the company competes on a global basis with companies like NNP , as well as with local map NNS in individual countries .	1	2	VBZ	competes	compete
as the signals are almost always yellow , this rule is RB ignored by drivers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the site is very unclear on how to get back to the original site and delete the material so that i can continue to work on and submit the original definition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book is VBN the true story of an english gentleman and his african dream , and was published in london in 1999 by viking NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in some churches a single window has the role of poor man 's bible while in others , the entire church is decorated with a complex biblical narrative that VBZ in a single scheme .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's goal is to attract private enterprises to set up new networks and NNS to link all these elements .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the campus has 19 , 000 square metres and consists of two JJ blocks .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NN 's phoenix racing team continues to compete in nascar .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
only claim to fame appears to be being the former label of vector lovers .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear
some have argued that the JJ attention to gandhi 's theories in NNP NNP NNP NNP has both revived an interest in NNP under the new term , NNP in india and has likewise `` made gandhi suddenly hip .	6	16	VBZ	has	have
the old st NNP church is in NNP and st luke 's church .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the human eye is relatively rare for having an NN which is small enough for its position to be RB visible against the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a mass estimate using the JJ radius of this star and its JJ surface gravity VBZ 2 .	2	15	VBZ	yields	yield
such behaviour becomes less and less JJ as time NNS on .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
NNP riding names have plenty of NNS in them , but no obvious en NNS , so the reason remains obscure .	18	19	VBZ	remains	remain
the hot air in the NN is higher .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
through this the government offers loans to filmmaker 's who want to develop films , however the criteria for obtaining funds has been criticised as promoting only commercial films .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
the platforms are curved and the platform gap is relatively large compared to other NNP stations .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the modern NN is usually JJ ' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
exit 0 is RB very similar to its predecessor , guitar town , and was NNP 's final NN album before incorporating hard rock with country on his next releases .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the area has many other named structures , such as the NNP and the NNP , both found in between king fisher and echo tower .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this john NNP picture has a NN and VBG comic tone .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
thing is , i 'm having big troubles with it .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
as fate would have it , the bus meets with an accident and his NN NNP dies .	7	8	VBZ	meets	meet
the criminal activities range from theft of NNS and mobile phones to NN , grand NN , and even politically motivated murder .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
the modern route to becoming a deck or engineer officer comprises a total of three years of which at least twelve ( six for engineers ) months is spent at sea and the remainder at a sea college .	2	10	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the best time to visit here is from november to april .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
extinct birds on the island include the large saint helena NNP , small saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP and , most RB , the st .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
according to the 2004 census ( NNP ) , the municipality has a population of CD inhabitants .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
NNP and the time lords are destroyed in the eighth doctor adventures novel the ancestor cell , but in the NNP of NNP street a mysterious NN wearing a NN appears who could have been the master , somehow surviving the NN .	26	30	VBZ	appears	appear
see discussion here [ 1 ] for recent confirmation of the principle that user talk pages are not subject to speedy deletion by user request .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the problem with these kinds of intervention is that they all too often do more harm than good .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
since the play is about someone who VBZ to be a philosopher , the term itself has been used in more recent times to refer to a NN to philosophy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP models available in the united kingdom are JJ ; but are popular grey NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
in a JJR sense the name refers to the area covered by the NNP and NNP mining territories ( NNP and NNP NNP ) .	5	6	VBZ	refers	refer
NNP keep google search on NNP NNP gets CD hits , lots of them mentions in fashion NNS and NN columns .	3	7	VBZ	gets	get
although i VBP the work that editors do to meet fa requirements , they are a low priority for me .	6	7	VBP	do	does
as of 2006 its total population is 55 , CD , out of which the population of NNP is 17 , CD , that of NNP is 10 , CD , and the rural population is 27 , CD .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
by generating abundant copies of its NN and packaging these copies into NNS , the virus is able to continue VBG new hosts .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
text elements also have NNS that typically represent the programming language ( e .	1	3	VBP	have	has
many students find that continuous skiing or NN may become JJ and NNP valley academy offers a variety of alternative activities and sports such as NNP , weight training , trips to a local health center , and opportunity study hall .	1	2	VBP	find	finds
the second theme lacks the energy of the first , remaining a static NN VBG over VBG major and minor NNS .	2	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
he started the ray lewis 52 foundation which is a nonprofit corporation whose mission is to provide personal and economic assistance to VB youth .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
these ingredients are mixed and VBN with cold water .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it should be no surprise that if the overwhelming majority of an editor 's contributions is to a small area of the project , then the overwhelming revision rate will also be in that small area of the project .	9	15	VBZ	is	are
just before he steps on the plane he explains to NNP why he left her twenty years ago ( but the audience ca n't hear what he says because the plane makes too much noise ) .	30	31	VBZ	makes	make
the shield has a diameter of 10 kilometers and is now VBN by NNS VBG into the volcanic rock .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i like to think of it as pipes ( NNS ) and water ( electrons ) , where a small diameter pipe is like a wire with more resistance .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
when the lake is empty it is used by farmers to VB sheep and cattle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name of the award is a reference to the NNP NNP novel around the world in NNP days in which NNP NNP VBZ the planet ( albeit by railroad and NN ) in 80 days .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the inscription starts at the top left and reads NNP NNP de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
energy production is very important in our lives , making the mode of energy production a RB public issue as nothing in this world could be produced without energy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the theory is that this happens in order for the dog to VB its routine and make improvements , or improve its memory , or something .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as he VBZ for the woman 's class , a cake falls into the fire and is burnt .	10	11	VBZ	falls	fall
the camera is also compatible with NNP NNP , NNP , NNP CD and NNP CD VBD film NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN for VBG life history and extending NN is not on the y NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
some record of these arguments is worth keeping in an encyclopedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
assertion of notability within the article relies on VBG notability due to covering notable songs or counting youtube views and NN NNS ( and represents fairly small numbers of each ) .	0	6	VBZ	relies	rely
the farm , operated by NNP , produces enough energy for 13 , 000 homes .	1	7	VBZ	produces	produce
the credit is due to NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after a week , this article continues to lack support of reliable sources .	5	6	VBZ	continues	continue
a fact is an actual state of affairs , which can be an historical event , or a social or natural JJ NNP tiger NN are not only a piece of history for bergen catholic , but is a social and natural phenomenon as well .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
local attractions include the chapel of NNP , a NN in the chapel has a NN of a NN similar to the queen mary NNP currently at the museum of scotland in edinburgh , one of only the three surviving medieval gaelic NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
as of 2012 , these countries are cameroon , chile , congo , france , madagascar , NNP , NNP , NNP and the republic of korea .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the current organization looks just fine .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look
it is JJ whether or not he existed , but some historians believe he was in fact NNP ii of NNP , whose NN was NNP NNP .	11	12	VBP	believe	believes
the member states are NNP , NNP NNP , cape NNP , NNP NN , NNP , ghana , guinea , guinea NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , nigeria , NNP , sierra leone , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the only way this could be a NN JJ candidate is if it listed its part of speech , pronunciation , and NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
february 2007 however , after his mother tells him to be more careful about picking his battles , he VBZ and plays in the next game .	6	7	VBZ	tells	tell
NNP michael NNP VBZ NN NNS le JJ public .	5	6	VBP	le	le
various NNS of these , such as `` NNP and two moves '' , are also possible .	1	14	VBP	are	is
the town was first granted in CD by colonial governor NNP NNP as NNP , the town sits on a rich iron deposit , and the region once produced pig iron and bar iron for farm tools and cast iron NN .	16	17	VBZ	sits	sit
the NN domain features a NN site .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the school day generally starts with a JJ to JJ , JJ academic NN that focuses on a single theme over the course of about a month 's time .	2	4	VBZ	starts	start
the opening track from the album , the only one previously released , is the title song `` born to sing the blues '' .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
thus it is not possible to control the motor if the output frequency of the variable frequency drive is zero .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP archaeological zone has a site museum , with JJ fauna exhibits , and other items .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
generally , the value in VBG meat is that it creates a brown NN with a rich NN via the NNP reaction .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the play ends at its beginning with june explaining that she wrote down her history to tell to her little sister once she was old enough to understand it , and the opening lines are VBN as the play is finished .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
as of 2012 , the airline employs over 8 , 000 people , most of them residing in panama and is one of the fastest growing companies in the country .	5	6	VBZ	employs	employ
no JJ use as the subject of the photo is not the building .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
in particular , it is only necessary to VB enough NNS ( in whatever base ) of the fraction so that all NNS that begin with those NNS fall into the final interval .	22	28	VBP	fall	falls
its NNS have human NNS ; its NNS VBP color and the NN of dear eyes .	1	2	VBP	have	has
all other NNS have NNS under 1 year , most under a day .	2	3	VBP	have	has
support SYM - if an editor admits to not being here to improve the encyclopedia , there is clearly no place for them here -- we are not a JJ society , and should not encourage drama for its own sake .	5	6	VBZ	admits	admit
the length of the NNS is JJ mm for males and JJ mm for females .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP community comprises 15 villages in four NNS which represents the core community for the NNP deposit .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the NNP is further prohibited from VBG a business combination with any entity which is affiliated with an NN , unless a NN opinion from an independent investment banking firm states that the combination is fair to the NNS .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
the two kids have different ideas of freedom .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the main island features mountainous NNS with very narrow coastal areas .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the egg NNS are JJ and contain JJ eggs .	2	3	VBP	are	is
such crystal structures are generally less JJ ( more `` VBD out '' ) ; the atoms and chemical bonds appear as tubes of electron density , rather than as isolated atoms .	16	20	VBP	appear	appears
the album is notable for its engineer , dave purple , previously a founding member of the NNP ' NNS and at the time working at chess records , following his military service .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many NNP cards have effects that are very strong .	2	3	VBP	have	has
each team represented has a different ranking .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
i think the opposite is true .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the main program offered by the uk college of NNP today is the JJ professional NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's architectural style is due to trends popular in the last half of the 19th century and the first years of the 20th century , academic art and art NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP discipline offers a 4 year NNP .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
people say they ca n't put my books down , and so they read them in one sitting of four hours .	0	1	VBP	say	says
the dam at the north end of NNP lake controls the flow of the creek and strongly influences the first several kilometers of the stream .	1	9	VBZ	controls	control
this article RB makes it look like we are out to get ms NNP , which could VB our reputation as a source of fair and objective information on people and issues that really matter .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
i have to agree that the product seems non-notable .	6	7	VBZ	seems	seem
but then before the building begins emily dies .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the firm has offices in dallas , new york city , london , shanghai and tokyo and comprises a team of over 40 professionals .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
he believed that `` a pure democracy is a NN , '' and that `` all government is essentially of the nature of a monarchy .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the wii port instead supports the wii remote 's NN and NN functions , the NNP , the classic controller and the wii balance board .	2	4	VBZ	supports	support
the problem with an NNP is that we all get stuck on NNS and that is not useful .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if less and this NN is the first NN , place item on top of the NN , NN 2 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the highways parallel the NNP and the north NNP through much of nebraska .	1	2	VBP	parallel	parallels
many residents of hastings work or have family members working at NNP or NNP steel .	1	6	VBP	have	has
the title needs changing , but other than that , it seems like a good essay .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
as i understand it NNP 's bag privileges are under review , and i should think he 's got the message by now .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the costume used in the sequel is higher in quality than the NN as well as the price cost NNP 50 thousand per set while in the NN the costume used costs only NNP 20 thousand per set .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ cope , performing under the pseudonym of `` mother of the revolution '' ( NNP cope 's radical blog `` on this deity '' is also a black sheep project ) .	19	25	VBZ	is	are
the route of the canal is just to the north of the river , and a public NN follows it through NNP park until it reaches the NNP to NNP road .	17	18	VBZ	follows	follow
when peter learns that NNP has `` VBN '' him by growing up , he is VBN until NNP 's daughter jane agrees to come to NNP as peter 's new mother .	20	22	VBZ	agrees	agree
half of the article is quotes ( a wikipedia NN ) , and it is RB npov .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the soundtrack features original compositions from NNP and features rock guitarist tom NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the surprise contained within is a miniature NN of the imperial russian navy cruiser NNP NNP ( memory of NNP ) , executed in red and yellow gold and platinum with small diamonds for windows , set on a piece of NN representing the water .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
some series use a JJ start , where the smaller cars are released up to 45 seconds ahead of the larger cars , and are slowly caught , the idea being that all the cars are together at the finish of the race .	34	35	VBP	are	is
the additional information that he is 49 years old and mentally disabled makes it more of a scandal , and the fact that he is an JJ and that previous attacks on NNPS have led to NNS makes it JJ around the world .	2	12	VBZ	makes	make
the JJ criticism that the poems are too short is almost a parody , and its appearance in the NNP makes me wonder .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
francis is opposed to a different form of mediation , but i agree that all major contributors need to be participants for any form of mediation to succeed .	16	17	VBP	need	needs
note this is a NN of the NN deleted NNS .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
customers arrive in a random constant flow , enter the shop , NN if the barber is busy , get their hair cut on a JJ JJ basis , and then leave the shop .	0	1	VBP	arrive	arrives
JJ customers give low prices as the most important reason for shopping there , reflecting the `` low prices , always '' advertising slogan that NNP used from 1962 until 2006 .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
JJ NNS are also great threats during JJ river NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
us when the condition is perfect .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this consequence of VBG makes the colony more vulnerable to extinction .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make
i have to say and VB my opinion , and if not then i will be VBN the same respect that any other editor deserves .	23	24	VBZ	deserves	deserve
it VBZ 6 to 14 NNS , its length is 4 to 8 cm without the shorter , poorly VBN tail .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
a JJ feature of the page is to publish the text of angry NNS sent in by opponents , which bart calls `` monkey mail '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the couple goes on a weekend get away to new york city where they talk about their future and RB marry on december 23 , 2011 in a small intimate ceremony .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
many feminist scholars and women judges reject this view as VBN and inherently unfair to women .	2	6	VBP	reject	rejects
admission is free of charge and visitors usually receive a modest JJ NN of some kind .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the trophy has an JJ base representing NNP , with a beer can from the lab NN which preceded the flood , topped by a concrete `` NN '' .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP editor has a content dispute with several other editors at united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees in the near east , over the inclusion of some criticism of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
finally , once the nomination has been accepted , the questions answered to the candidate 's NN , and the candidate is ready for the rfa to begin , the NN should be VBN to the rfa page .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
in this game , the user VBZ the correct parts of speech to fill in the missing portions of a JJ story written on a NN and save a friendly ghost from the NNP NNP .	5	6	VBZ	selects	select
endorse deletion - the article about the single is plenty , if she continues to remain it the public notability and releases more records then we can VB , right now VBZ a one event itunes sales NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the mine has the form of a NN mine on the NN of the leaf , with two or three widely separated NNS at NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
starting from cambridge the route follows the river NNP with its banks and NNS VBN with VBG JJ trees and out into the NNS .	4	5	VBZ	follows	follow
financial institutions that deal personally have to charge more to break even , financially .	1	5	VBP	have	has
this part of the constitution contains the law in the establishment , VBG , merging or VBG the borders of the states .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
the ideas which led to their creation , while appearing to simply be the JJ mind of a childhood NNP , are in reality linked to his past life as the king of NNP space .	1	21	VBP	are	is
not many other articles link to him .	3	4	VBP	link	links
if the list of authors is brief , this may be provided in the edit summary .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
states which have similar practices are arizona , idaho , maryland , north dakota , south dakota and washington ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is
i think this photograph of NNP NNP , the prime minister of finland , VBZ the article well .	3	14	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the play opens in a NN 's NN near a lake in the forest .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
the language factor is the main difference to the neighbouring tribe further to the south , NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's capital is NNP town ( on the site of NN NNP , pennsylvania ) , and its flag is a JJ sun on a green field .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are not notable enough for their own articles ( because it is only this one event that makes them notable ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
all the windows in the upper NN are NNS .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the practice encompasses the full spectrum of NNP philosophy and principles .	1	2	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
the next day as she visits a local NN , she finds a NN wedding NN and decides to buy it .	2	5	VBZ	visits	visit
fate of NNS , VBN for science , causes human hurt after six years '' , the new york times , may 23 , 1987 .	0	8	VBZ	causes	cause
regional and national training courses , meetings and conferences that help local health department staff connect to and learn from one another .	6	15	VBP	connect	connects
many dialects of NNP have NNS with a higher , VBD first part .	1	4	VBP	have	has
from time to time other issues with articles come up of varying importance .	5	8	VBP	come	comes
the total number of individuals in these groups each year is about 250 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in some ways NNP might be better treated as a primary source , as the facts per se that they report seem to be quite reliable , but any analysis or commentary from NNP is in the vast majority of cases JJ for an encyclopedia .	29	34	VBZ	is	are
although the idea of JJ NNS in theory has merit , it would need a separate wikiproject to run it , since the work load would be as big as - if not bigger than - that involved with stubs .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
each player gets 40 cards ( ten of each color ) which have a distinctive design on the reverse unique to that player .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the cemetery 's residents also include three former northern kentucky NNS , including john g .	3	5	VBP	include	includes
in sociology , philosophy and psychology crowd behaviour is the formation of a common mood directed toward an object of attention .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the lack of NN in this sense is a NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS typically form a ring around a NN .	0	2	VBP	form	forms
in this case , the JJR base is the NNP formation , the stronger NN is the NNP del rio NNS , and the VBG agent is the rio grande river .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
oppose , low level of wikipedia namespace edits indicates a likely lack of policy knowledge and low level of deleted contributions ( 16 total ) indicates a likely lack of experience with deletion .	3	7	VBZ	edits	edit
short term goals ( one or two years ) are usually specific and limited in scope .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the article has versions in many other languages , which are all in a pretty JJ state , and i 'd like to put something on those that tells readers that the english version is more complete and encyclopedic than their version .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
in addition to generic collection NNS , the new generic collection classes implement the JJ collection NNS where possible .	11	12	VBP	implement	implements
the task is less simple than it appears , and NNP becomes aware of wheels within wheels , as different interests war with each other with the stakes higher than anyone has VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this book is the first systematic attempt to relate NN with psychology , though based on the medicine of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS recover on the way back , VBD the collection team and try to flee from the NNP building -- but while the young man and woman escape , the older man is shot in the head .	1	2	VBP	recover	recovers
its goal is to increase public trust in the capital markets by requiring uniform NN of information about public securities NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
benefits include increasing damage or defense , while NNS include falling RB or being VBN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
your continued attempts to twist this into a content dispute and to VB what the conspiracy NNS are up to , indicates to me that you should really get busy reading our policies .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the western boundary is a series of back streets running close to union road .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the novel tells the story of four young texas women who VBP to be wealthy NNS while searching for rich potential NNS in monte carlo .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
both versions contain a JJ guitar .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the website says so if it is and offers a free trial .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
her first cousin , john NNP , 3rd viscount NNP is an elected liberal democrat mp for the seat of NNP , NNP and easter ross .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
these words have an irregular stress which falls on the final NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the community has a school offering grades k - 9 and a small store .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
popular genres of commercial music , which are currently being played in town , include NN music and NN .	1	14	VBP	include	includes
the floating gate NN has no connections to other parts of the integrated circuit and is completely VBN by the surrounding layers of NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
a NN solution enables users to schedule jobs to run within a web server environment on a web host that does not offer a shell account or other means of VBG jobs .	2	3	VBZ	enables	enable
since cards are left face down , memory is a very important part of this game .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this site says ; `` abandoned children could also be brought up as slaves .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
JJ power packages commonly have more than three leads ; JJ , JJ and JJ units are common , units with five or seven leads with JJ style are also manufactured .	2	4	VBP	have	has
the student room at NNP includes a wall entitled `` NNS '' that displays current photos and NNS of some fifty consumer , agency , environmental and child advocacy leaders from among former graduates of the programs .	2	5	VBZ	includes	include
the sea view yacht club was founded in 1893 and its stated aim is JJ encourage amateur sailing and boat racing ' .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NN will deal with threats to the entire NN , though in many cases , the NN primarily keeps bachelor animals away .	17	19	VBZ	keeps	keep
the NN problem exists , that infrastructure is poor in JJ countries , and death NNS much higher .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
JJ citations are here and in context and there are many of them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , probably due to lack of information and the language barrier , the band itself is not widely known outside japan .	14	16	VBZ	is	are
the church of the NNP , marble arch , is an anglican church in the marble arch district of london , uk .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the suits have no constant volume NNS to prevent the suits from VBG under their interior pressure .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the church is adjacent to the venice center for peace with justice and the arts ( NNP , the bright yellow building ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because few opinions discussed the sources in detail ( the way NNP did , for instance ) , it is possible that a second and more thorough discussion will reach consensus .	10	19	VBZ	is	are
the center NN is the primary , and the two outer NNS are the NNS .	11	12	VBP	are	is
devices made with NNP belong to the JJ category of NNS ( NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	belong	belongs
an introduction to NNP ( 1974 ) , NNP NNP VBZ on the works of leslie white and lewis henry morgan .	1	10	VBZ	expands	expand
in astronomical usage , the new moon occurs in the middle of this period , when the moon and sun are in conjunction .	6	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
the building is CD feet ( CD meters ) tall with 47 floors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his press release , VBG by email and NNP news , describes the NN and eventual NN of the carnival .	2	11	VBZ	describes	describe
likewise , if a prophet makes a NN in the name of NNP that does not come to pass , that is another sign that he is not commissioned of NNP and that the people need not fear the false prophet .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make
individuals that have a mandate to JJ law and public policy include the following .	0	11	VBP	include	includes
this required the clearing of several blocks in downtown NNP near the NNP railroad tracks , generally bounded by detroit on the east to VB on the west the railroad tracks on the north and third street on the south .	29	30	VBZ	tracks	track
the new revisions include a NN of the future palestinian state as well as a NN of the palestinian right of return to israel proper .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the speakers ( the NNP ) are RB NNS , however just like the NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP languages , they are closely related to each other than to the JJ language .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the trail connects via road with the mountains to sound NNP and other JJ bike trails .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
the rocks beneath the summit are of the NNP formation , composed of NN sandstone NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the words are by francis scott key , who after the bombardment of fort NNP set them to the music of a british song , `` to VB in heaven .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the right to compete in a pro tour has to be earned by either winning a pro tour NNP tournament or being successful in a previous tournament on a similar level .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
within the territory of the NN of rome , it plays the role of a commuter railway , but this section of the route has only two stations , roma NNP and NNP .	20	24	VBZ	has	have
the class of 1945 did only 45 NNS , but the class of CD now does CD .	11	15	VBZ	does	do
the county town is NNP town .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that wing 's ground floor has a kitchen on the east and NN on the west .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the resignation of NNP as premier corresponds to a decline of NNP 's influence in provincial politics .	1	6	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
an JJ test suite works on a sufficiently detailed level to correctly communicate with the NNP and a test NN is usually present to interface the JJ test suite with the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	works	work
the real point of radiation suits is to protect against NN with JJ particles .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the academy accepts up to CD cadets for JJ each year .	1	2	VBZ	accepts	accept
being country is as much a part of me as my full NNS , wide NNS , NNS and high NN bones .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in a dutch auction , the NN begins with a high asking price which is VBN until some participant is willing to accept the NN 's price , or a VBN reserve price ( the NN 's minimum acceptable price ) is reached .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
its JJ tributary streams are the NNP bach , which flows through the town of bergen and joins the NNP near NNP , and the small NNP and NNP , which VBP in the NNP lakes .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the company now has more than 800 employees and makes several varieties of bread , most prominently white bread .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
it actually says , `` unlike polish , english likes the passive voice very much , and the passive transformation is possible in practically all instances of objects without NNS , both direct and indirect ones , as well as in some instances of JJ objects .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
outside canada and the united states this type of facility is often called NN location , though its implementation is dependent on how the telephone network processes emergency calls .	25	26	VBZ	processes	process
NNP is particularly important with international railway traffic because gauge changes tend to occur more often at international borders .	10	11	VBP	tend	tends
the use of VBG as a form of NN is dubious because it could equally be considered to be the creation of a derivative work .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
several local species are also present , including JJ JJ , NNP NN , lesser NN , NNP minor , and grass of NNP , NNP NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
furthermore , actors in networks operate as representatives of certain groups but also as individuals with their own NNS and values , and members in the NNP network are usually motivated by JJ rather than moral NNS .	2	5	VBP	operate	operates
this type of offering is not JJ , since no new shares are being created .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP is situated just centre of the NN and an activated participant in NNS that is why most of the people in this region are FW ( NN ) and natives are either NN .	31	32	VBP	are	is
NN records show that the youngest male to VB offspring was around 18 months of age , and the youngest female conceived at 16 months .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
a knee NN moved the action further than the JJ NN , making the NNS strike only one string .	14	15	VBP	strike	strikes
the NNS are JJ JJ with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a situation that often VBZ is that a person is in the news for one event , or for being associated in some way with a notable person .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS RB and demands that the NNS come clean , but NNP tries to convince him that the sounds are nothing more than the trio .	1	8	VBP	come	comes
the NNP NNP national football team , is the national team of NNP NNP and is controlled by the NNP NNP de NNP .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
louis NNS ) so right now the article is mostly redundant .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
VBN compensation plans offer NN for both the employer and the employee .	2	3	VBP	offer	offers
again , all your comments are assumptions and personal opinions .	4	5	VBP	are	is
if nothing , this statement is a double standard .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
best example would be see india page - which says what all NNS and countries VBP india in lead only not again in NN section .	12	15	VBP	surround	surrounds
this version of the song also appears on her greatest NNS album .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
it seems to be from an NN complex related to NN , but scientists are still JJ of how exactly it VBZ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
these levels form a hierarchy , with each level VBG a group of processes at the next level of detail .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
more white matter damage leads to more severe JJ NN ; different NNS are identified and diagnosed by a NN .	3	4	VBZ	leads	lead
your two edits here also count so there are 8 left .	2	5	VBP	count	counts
known throughout the novel as `` the man from NNP '' , his first appearance is in the opening chapter of the three NNPS .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the most common application of this NN now is in NNS , NNS and NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia , to VB that these people meet our NNS rather than their own , because they have very important work to do ; and this has not always been understood or appreciated , so we should be VBN about it .	6	7	VBP	meet	meets
delete although this nomination is incorrect .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the lake 's outlet is in NNP , new york a hamlet in the town of NNP , new york in NNP county , south of rochester , new york .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he wears blue armor , and his primary vehicle is NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this category contains JJ buildings that may still present music hall entertainment .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
additional educational opportunities in the form of a certificate program are also available from NNP international , NNP , and from the records management society in great britain and ireland .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the people of black race , as they are not peoples [ with a tradition of written literature ] , have developed the art of speech in a most special manner .	1	8	VBP	are	is
new zealand financial institutions are net NNS in overseas financial markets .	3	4	VBP	are	is
he was considered an important and influential intellectual figure in the early years of the 20th century , but a century later , the only creation which has remained in print and VBD him literary NN is the lunar trilogy .	25	36	VBZ	is	are
the NNS work together to VB the boats and then kill the people VBG in the water .	1	2	VBP	work	works
on the final days of july 2012 , NNP said at an interview that many teams have shown interest for him , and that the interest of NNP athens is a honour for him .	25	29	VBZ	is	are
NN remaining after one year is likely to be permanent , although modest NNS of muscle strength are possible 12 to 18 months after infection .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
after she has gone , the real NN , henderson 's best friend jack NNP ( NNP tone ) , shows up at the apartment and NNS cliff .	7	20	VBZ	shows	show
as if on NN , the JJ voice behind POS that ' makes yet another JJ appearance , joined by NNP NNP and NNP , in the JJ hip and JJ sounds of JJ criminal , NN or otherwise .	7	12	VBZ	makes	make
set in mumbai and kerala , the NN version has many differences from the original although the basic storyline remains the same .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
as earlier mentioned , the object of the game is to build four columns of suit sequences from king down to ace .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
this version of the coat of arms is in use since 1907 but differs only slightly from the version that was adopted in 1815 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
according to the official website , he is a rock musician , his sign is NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
tourism and NN park is open free to the public for tours every day of the week .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one of the articles is reprinted in the omaha world herald ( paper covers parts of iowa ) .	12	13	VBZ	covers	cover
these rules are designed so that a defendant receives a fair trial in front of a jury that has not been VBN by prior media coverage .	7	8	VBZ	receives	receive
the earliest JJ human burial dates back 100 , 000 years .	4	5	VBZ	dates	date
the so-called true NNP characters are the remaining hidden descendants of NNP , not NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this village is a political and agricultural hub in that area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the courts of appeal of NNP and NNP hear appeals in dutch , that of NNP VBZ appeals in french and that of brussels VBZ appeals in both dutch and french .	1	8	VBP	hear	hears
JJ species are VBN for crime prevention ; being very dense , RB JJ NNS , they make very effective NNS JJ to NNS .	14	17	VBP	make	makes
other sources suggest the NNP suffered engine trouble during a storm .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
apparently however , it depends on browser configuration , since some people claim to see no problems .	11	12	VBP	claim	claims
the central national bank building is an art NNP NN located in richmond , virginia .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the important thing about the neutral point of view is that the NN does not take sides - they describe NNS held by others , rather than holding any viewpoint themselves .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
western NN NNS take longer to mature ( at least three weeks ) .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
the civil rico section is only recently added , and there was never a problem before it was .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS who are members of session have both executive powers as a group and pastoral responsibility .	1	7	VBP	have	has
typically , au pairs take on a share of the family 's responsibility for NN as well as some NN , and receive a small monetary NN for personal use .	3	4	VBP	take	takes
there are many a NN groups on campus ; three groups include the NNP men 's NNP , the california golden NNP , and noteworthy , all members of the NNP choral NNP .	10	11	VBP	include	includes
each track is a classical song that has been VBN into a modern style , such as NN , NN or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the message reaches NNP , and she meets ray outside the crime lab .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
that is , under some NN of the elements of one of these , both its addition and NN tables become identical to the corresponding tables of the other one .	19	20	VBP	become	becomes
potential sources exist , even if few are cited at present .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the region is coastal , with varied NNS and offshore islands , from which maritime activities VBD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a third video ( which also includes elements from the second ) is a NN of the band members in dark , JJ urban settings .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
neutral focus is not just off on the helicopter , but it changes between all the images in the NN , which makes the image look very odd .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the final days of world war two the commander of a tiger tank tries to save his men by convincing them to desert so they may surrender to the americans before they are killed fighting the soviets .	9	14	VBZ	tries	try
this word has no NNS in other romance languages ( except for portuguese ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the seating capacity of the arena is 14 , 000 and is primarily used for basketball , volleyball and tennis .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
their products cover time scales from a week to seasons , extending into the future as far as technically JJ , and cover the land , the ocean , and the atmosphere , extending into the NN .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
hi there , my name is NNP .	4	5	VBZ	Is	Are
NNS equations are differential equations which describe the motion of a fluid .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the mill building is currently the NNP NNP apartments .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many provincial recreation sites are also accessible from highway CD .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the museum is the provincial museum of the west NNP NNP province .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as a result , while channel 18 's digital signal operates at a full million watts ( equivalent to five million watts in analog ) , its digital coverage area is not much larger than its analog coverage area .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
many mobile phones have their own proprietary operating systems , which makes reverse engineering of such devices a very complex operation .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the JJ operation serves NN , specialty food store , convenience store , food service , hotel , restaurant , university , travel and office coffee service customers .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
its headquarters is in rolling meadows , illinois .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the c version of the missile , from 1974 , has an improved guidance section that gives the missile an JJ capability , as well as a new NN radar NN and an improved NN .	2	10	VBZ	has	have
this capability remains today in a JJ windows `` dos box '' all the way to the windows 7 operating system for backwards NN reasons ( although RB VBN ) .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP 's bullet strikes best and leaves NNP VBG on the ground , when NNP NNS with NNP to avoid a potential arrest .	2	3	VBZ	strikes	strike
hence , this view is not really meant to describe NNP , but the consideration of these points might bring out aspects that could be useful to settling the debate .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
their chains readily interact with each other and their lower molecular weight makes them more mobile within the host NN matrix .	11	12	VBZ	makes	make
the reason you have that message about `` NNP redirects here '' is because there 's a disambiguation `` NN '' template at the top of the article .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
these four structures consist of stepped rectangular platforms and were built from well finished limestone blocks .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
my main comment , that first paragraph needs to be VBN .	6	7	VBZ	needs	need
the JJ NNS are JJ and RB VBD , RB armed in youth , with a slightly JJ base .	2	3	VBP	are	is
movies subjected to criticism over allegedly JJ content include the last NN of christ and NNP NNP 's life of brian .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
wind power capacity now VBZ CD NN worldwide , an increase of 41 NNS in 2011 , led by china .	2	4	VBZ	totals	total
the older an NN is and the more serious his crime , the more likely the public is willing to transfer him .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the devil makes the game delayed thanks to rain , and eddie leaves to see laurel 's ballet NN .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
besides these professionally written novels , numerous web sites contain fan fiction written by NNP players .	8	9	VBP	contain	contains
old NNS and plate edges could easily have VBN over JJ time , but areas like the new madrid fault and the NNP mountains in north america still cause NNS today , even though they are both over 100 million years old .	14	28	VBP	cause	causes
an example is the title of NNP ' VBN in 1993 by NNP 's head of state , NNP NNP ii upon barry curtis , at the time mayor of NNP , a new zealand city with a large NNP population .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the body of designation legislation used for legally protecting heritage assets from damage and destruction is complex , and dates back to 1882 .	1	19	VBZ	dates	date
this page contains wikipedians who have identified themselves ( at least on wikipedia ) as being NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the real problem is the lack of references , and whilst i have VBN with NNP on the difficulties in finding good reliable sources in english it is always best to say where information came from .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
main line trains operated by east coast and NNP pass through the station but do not stop , and the main line is also used by freight trains .	2	9	VBP	pass	passes
it must be VBN in mind that , in contrast with the commission , which represents the interest of the eu , and with the european parliament , which represents european citizens , the ministers of the council represent the interests of their national governments .	34	38	VBP	represent	represents
the NNP will automatically be put in if the article has at least four sections .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
while NNS can be found in most NNP island neighborhoods , their concentrations are highest north of the NNP island expressway .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the field is similar to the one from a bar NN , running RB down the center of the inner cylinder and up the outside of the apparatus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
les ' father tells les that the bmw is all his now , and , VBG , tells him to take good care of it .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
in the branch of evolutionary NN called genetic programming , for instance , tree functions are quite often ( but not exclusively ) used as JJ function .	14	15	VBP	are	is
court 's response to VBG to NNP 's NN that a cell phone is distinct from a NN NN or clothes on an NN 's body , the court cited united states v .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NNP county schools system is the JJ employer in NNP county .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
comments - i have done some NNS , though still have some concerns .	0	10	VBP	have	has
this junior footballer fails wikipedia 's notability guideline and might be a hoax .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail
the site also says he played for the scottish NNP but a search scottish fa site does not produce a result even though the NN are listed .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
the deletion process is not for problems that could easily be cleaned up .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
look at the page creation date for the first round draft picks in this years nfl draft .	0	11	VBZ	picks	pick
other methods include the pressure fan , the one handed fans , the reverse fan , and the giant fan .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the tallest building in augusta is the river place NNP , at 18 floors , followed by the NNP building , at 17 floors .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a machine has a power source and NNS that generate forces and movement , and a system of mechanisms that shape the NN input to achieve a specific application of output forces and movement .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other amateur teams from the area also use the field throughout the year .	2	7	VBP	use	uses
on the contrary it is far away to be delete by speedy criterion and a7 is used incorrectly to say that this article is non-notable and JJ .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
only influential or commercially successful games are worth VBG .	5	6	VBP	are	is
it was a busy port with connections to the near east that continued into historic periods ; the rich finds and elaborate buildings reflect the importance of foreign trade for the NNP economy .	19	23	VBP	reflect	reflects
the sources do not state who conducted the interview or on what programme it aired .	1	2	VBP	do	does
the reach has nearly uniform hydraulic NN of about 1 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one to follow the first one around putting all of those VBN back ( including the JJ ones ) because the policy calling for removing attack NNP on sight is ridiculous .	21	29	VBZ	is	are
the oldest items on the list are RB .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the city receives abundant rainfall from june to september due to its proximity to the western NNP .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
in an english country house two figures struggle before one of them falls dead .	6	7	VBP	struggle	struggles
NNP subdivision is a subdivision of the NNP district in the state of west bengal , india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
suspicious , bart uses JJ return to find out the last incoming phone number and discovers their parents are in miami .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the film has only a few characters and will be made as a NN of NNP NNP , as he VBZ the NNS and NNS of his NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
indeed , this limit is utilized for JJ systems such as NN NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in NN , the route is usually a given , as NNS are generally eaten ; while NN and the frequency of NN of NNS are very important variables in preventing disease and promoting overall health .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i updated the NN accordingly , but as more details come out , we may need to alter it some more .	9	10	VBP	come	comes
his writing credits include the television series happy days and the movie night shift .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the faster NNS usually open the bowling , when the ball is at its JJS .	2	4	VBP	open	opens
during the spring , in preparation for the festival , the citizens of winchester hold an annual NN , followed by decoration of the city in green , pink and white ( festival colors ) , in order to make winchester more JJ for its anticipated guests .	11	14	VBP	hold	holds
all roads for this item seem to lead back to its own NN without a single major newspaper article , despite the many claims on the page , and it seems to fall into the NNP painting territory as well .	1	5	VBP	seem	seems
the JJ activities in this hospital are JJ former staff members and patients , electrical NNS , VBD voices with JJ sounds , light NNS , objects moving on their own , lights turning on and off by themselves as well as a feeling of being watched .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the JJ formula is variable , but the JJ , JJ and JJ NNS are usually longest .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
on june 1 , 2012 , one month after an oral argument at the texas court of criminal appeals , the texas attorney general 's office says it no longer VBZ a death row NN 's request for dna testing his NNS say could prove his NN .	25	26	VBZ	says	say
it drew attention to the fact that behavior change methods are influence specific NNS ( when developing an intervention , one first has to identify the relevant NN , and then identify matching behavior change methods , see also the steps in intervention mapping ) .	9	10	VBP	are	is
generally , the NNP domain VBZ either atp or NNP .	4	5	VBZ	binds	bind
its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical NN NN forests and subtropical or tropical NN NN forests .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
her mother comes later to find her , but she it seems she has VBN .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the article cites no sources of biographical information that can be used to verify the article .	1	2	VBZ	cites	cite
the park features a NN , swimming pool , tennis courts , basketball court , batting NNS , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the color of the shell is JJ , somewhat VBD with pale brown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
farmers choose to grow and manage specific cover crop types based on their own needs and goals , influenced by the biological , environmental , social , cultural , and economic factors of the food system in which farmers operate ( NNP et al .	31	42	VBP	et	et
this file is from my personal family collection .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
features of the pokémon mini include an internal real-time clock , an JJ port used to facilitate NN gaming , an NN , and a NN used to implement force feedback .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
in NNP NNP , the NNP alphabet uses the letters specified in the national NN alphabet .	6	7	VBZ	uses	use
today , the list of NNP clients includes dozens of institutions and agencies from NNS across the country .	3	7	VBZ	includes	include
the people that want this article to be deleted are n't JJ or JJ .	1	9	VBP	are	is
the JJ eating NNS of JJ children , along with JJ NN and NN , make it hard to determine whether increased lead levels are a cause or a consequence of NN .	23	24	VBP	are	is
in addition , to avoid any conflict of interest , most communities with mayor 's courts have NNS VBP over sessions , rather than the NNS themselves .	11	16	VBP	have	has
the NNP database allows for NNS to access geological and JJ data .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
each episode also has two live action components JJ children learn about musical concepts with real musicians and real instruments .	9	10	VBP	learn	learns
the corridor was previously open for 12 NN hours only , causing great NNS for the inhabitants of the NN , given the fact that the NN has no hospitals or law enforcement facilities .	26	27	VBZ	has	have
NNP says the girl he loves is NNP , can she sacrifice NNP 's happiness for him .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP boy of australia might marry for the first time when his NN begins to appear .	13	14	VBZ	begins	begin
in number theory , a branch of mathematics , NNP 's NN is the NN stated by that for a finite set of linear forms , , .	5	12	VBZ	is	are
similarly , the straight line between the green and blue NNS represents a fully VBN mix of green and blue light .	4	11	VBZ	represents	represent
fifteen people are to be charged in the explosion at NNP mall in october .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a final example of research question which may RB be investigated using NNP techniques is of the following sort .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
chapters exist in high schools , career centers , community colleges , technical colleges , four-year colleges and universities , and private and JJ schools .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists
duplicate articles ( whether lists or not ) are actually speedy JJ , per csd NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is
a signature mark is a letter , number or combination of either or both , which is printed at the bottom of the first page , or leaf , of a signature or section .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the town itself VBZ over a large area and includes many islands , NNS and NNS .	1	3	VBZ	spreads	spread
on the other hand , NNP lane , which also is lined with similar types of structures , is two ways throughout and VBZ more traffic .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
one such formula is the perry robertson formula which estimates of the critical NN load based on an initial ( small ) NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
my name is red received JJ reviews when published in english .	1	2	VBZ	Is	Are
visitors are able to work with hand tools and natural materials at this exhibit .	0	1	VBP	are	is
october 2006 ( utc ) the only way you 'll keep them from VBG NN is to not let them install anything at all .	7	15	VBZ	is	are
comprising more than 600 hospitals and 1 , 400 long-term care and other health facilities in all 50 states , the association is the largest group of non-profit health care providers in the nation .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
culture not only influences the age at which the NN NN appears but also the content of the memories found within the NN .	10	11	VBZ	appears	appear
this means that level 1 has links to nodes that have nothing in common , level 2 has the first NN in common , etc .	15	17	VBZ	has	have
keep NNS are an allowed use of userspace .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my question now is whether i should revert my NNS of his edits .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
distance to NNP is and to NNP ( administrative center of NNP province ) is the population is CD as of 2011 .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the only `` sides '' we care about , the only points of view that make it into an article , are the ones discussed in reliable sources .	3	21	VBP	are	is
the company has approximately CD employees .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
keep by long practice all , all such geographic features are notable .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the length of the missile is 3 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
part of being mature is to be able to admit when you are wrong .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
i think this case is pretty JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
comment not sure if it would qualify as NNP , but this article was written by the company that wrote the NN and the company is NNP llc .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
this place is only for discussion of your participation style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as the knight walks away with the princess in his arms , he notices a different reflection in a nearby crystal and drops her to find that she is really a dark JJ version of himself in NN .	2	3	VBZ	walks	walk
these uses are JJ and probably have no connection to the scientific uses .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNS that overlap the background are consistently RB at the edges , while the NNS that overlap the NN have smooth edges .	1	6	VBP	are	is
his awards include two combat NNP NNP , two silver stars , the legion of merit , four bronze stars and the air medal .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
other indie related artists include state of mind , NNP NNP , pan am , NNP NNP , the checks , the NNP and this flight tonight .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the various layers are silk NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the personal section is inaccurate , but when i tried to change it , the software put the changes under the `` reference '' heading .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the section of the americas holds a JJ , JJ NNP youth pilgrimage with visits to friends meetings in arizona , colorado and new mexico and to the rough rock friends mission in NNP territory .	1	5	VBZ	holds	hold
despite the injury , the shark is still strong .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the other two synthesis methods used for these materials are JJ NN and NN .	4	9	VBP	are	is
racist attitudes , or prejudice , do tend to still occasionally occur in the israel towards the beta israel community , especially where high concentrations of beta israel exist .	24	28	VBP	exist	exists
the faculty of business offers program studies at three levels ( bachelor 's , master 's and doctoral ) in various disciplines such as economics , marketing , tourism management , finance and banking .	1	4	VBZ	offers	offer
these links are not the VBN JJ links this rfc NNS but are links to specific articles about a JJ topic that relates directly to what the reader is reading at that time .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the award VBZ to VB the ordinary citizens who have RB performed extraordinary , JJ acts of physical NN and social acts of courage , thereby setting an example for others to follow .	1	2	VBZ	intends	intend
also , the inserted JJ gene is often VBN without NN and the NN affects the host without severe side effects .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS from the prehistoric era are JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is
in NNP , the route VBZ the scenic NNP 23 near the bank of NNP building and farmers and merchants NNP lodge .	4	5	VBZ	intersects	intersect
others believe the NNP code represents the first letter of the three neighboring communities , harrison , purchase , and north castle .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
keep - as former commissioner for the professional NNP association , and as former rating chairman for NNP illustrated magazine , with additional coverage as he has received as the head of a JJ NN school , the subject meets the minimum standard for notability .	38	39	VBZ	meets	meet
in the CD series of alternate history science fiction novels , the south european thread is a series of novels in which NNP is the villain .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
british sources do not list rebel losses in this incident , but NNP estimates losses in the NNP rebellion as 40 rebels and six marines .	1	2	VBP	do	does
NNP NN and fat NN are not why most sweet JJ goods NN ; the real enemy is NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
but there is no corresponding agency for the NNP ( largely due to the rough start the NNP got ) and as a rule the practical impact of living within blue line is minor .	26	32	VBZ	is	are
many objects VBP their preservation to the museums that acquired them .	1	2	VBP	owe	owes
a sign is inherently significant of the the thing it VBZ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fort has the JJ NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the band claims to have national radio NN , but no evidence of such was presented and a search provides no support on this .	18	19	VBZ	provides	provide
list of every mayor in the world is one of those lists that will never serve any purpose and are virtually impossible to update and verify .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
ships can travel to any star system within their range , unlike games such as space NNP or master of NNP iii , in which JJ travel is possible only or mainly via `` NNS '' and it is possible to set up easily defended NN points .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
keep - opinion polls during election campaigns are always of questionable NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is
whereas he holds that the concepts of good and value are RB prior to that of right , he gives right a more than instrumental significance .	5	10	VBP	are	is
the most notorious film of which is guy NNP 's NNP in favor of de NNP ( NNP en NNP de NNP ) from 1952 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
that one ancestor brings with them their own JJ growth of ancestors .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring
each party VBZ at most one candidate per office since each party VBZ to lose if they nominate more than one .	11	12	VBZ	expects	expect
its southern border is lower plenty road and NNP road in the north .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , if the NN pays more or less than market , the JJ owned by the leased fee holder , plus the market value of the NN , may be more or less than the fee simple value .	4	5	VBZ	pays	pay
perhaps the administrator has concerns that JJ use might result in someone VBG out a tape containing important information ; but the precise reason does not matter for the purpose of explaining the functioning of the key distribution center .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in english , for example , the JJ mood is supposed to indicate that the NN is ( intended as ) a question ; the JJ mood indicates that the NN is ( intended as ) a JJ JJ act ( an order , a request , etc .	26	27	VBZ	indicates	indicate
regular sessions of the legislature NN on the second wednesday of january of each year ; following the election of a new governor , the session starts in january with the governor 's address but then VBZ until february .	25	26	VBZ	starts	start
i am RB going to say that andrew NNP is non-notable ( and , of course , a conflict of interest as the user is andrew `` NN '' NNP ) .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
counties are important units of government in colorado since the state has no secondary civil NNS , such as townships .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
wikipedia policy requires that articles and information comply with core content policies ( verifiability , no original research or synthesis , neutral point of view , copyright , and biographies of living persons ) as applicable .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
VBN `` NNS actors '' play the role of flower and her family , with the camera crew searching out appropriately aged NNS , then following them until the NNS acted in a way that was needed for the film .	3	5	VBP	play	plays
when tom takes the flag out of the hole , the ball promptly drops itself in .	11	13	VBZ	drops	drop
new york to chicago , but the attempt fails due to mechanical problems .	7	8	VBZ	fails	fail
the challenge in this JJ style of racing is not only master your vehicle , but also the environment .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
once the stability problem is solved , the negative feedback NN is extremely useful in the field of electronics .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
adding detail of NNP 's NNS , NNP 's voluntary suspension or NNP 's NNS seems to VB that ideal .	1	15	VBZ	seems	seem
the road proposed is currently a dirt ranch road .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the focus of the medical NN is to VB the use of evidence based research and practice .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
as of the 2000 census , the village has a total population of CD .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the film is the fourth of a series of five films directed by ricky NNP in the mr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the label takes its name from his tour NN for CD , which was known as `` death from above .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
their three children are NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
my `` NNS '' with any of the others involved here are minimal .	2	11	VBP	are	is
the broader landscape VBN by the NNP near the coast is a generally mild VBG RB known as the NNP plain , which is virtually JJ of trees .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
other additions include a parking garage and new poker room .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the school employs nearly 100 teachers and around 50 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
thus the article gives no evidence of notability .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
the corporation 's head office is in the city of NNP , in the NN of the helsinki airport .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the fruit is JJ , and sold for consumption in mexico .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
you can just ignore it when the normal diff looks ok .	8	9	VBZ	looks	look
the orange ribbon foundation concern is to support integrity , democracy , equality , environment and security in the political ring .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP gas is a strong NN , which may VB with JJ materials .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i too JJ towards keep ; like NNP i think the article is sufficiently broad to meet the ga criteria .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
located in the center of the NNP basin , the majority of the land is flat .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
the citations to JJ books written for their entertainment value do not ( to me ) qualify as adequate scholarly citations .	1	10	VBP	do	does
because many molecules are JJ it is essential that the NN of the system ( almost always JJ ) is preserved .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP facility is a place VBN by only one person to exist at area 51 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a public civil partnership between a same-sex couple takes place in dublin , the first time this has happened in ireland .	3	8	VBZ	takes	take
NNP NNP said , `` NNP khan 's latest film offers no emotional connect with the audience even as its story VBZ in the telling .	9	10	VBZ	offers	offer
the transfer case was VBN , allowing it to sit just above the frame to avoid NNS , and the chain itself is larger than nearly any other .	20	22	VBZ	is	are
the main sequence novels basically fall into four periods approximately a century apart .	3	5	VBP	fall	falls
for every round she wins , the NNS get four NNS of the NNP desk back .	7	8	VBP	get	gets
JJ NNS include JJ NNS and fruit juice .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP ' trees are JJ NNS that will develop rounded and spreading , dense NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
my first opinion is that you should have stopped editing this article a CD time ago .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the poem , the fire the old mother lights in the morning is meant to represent the old mother herself , VBG up when the fire is blown , and VBG when the fire grows both `` cold '' and `` JJ '' .	34	35	VBZ	grows	grow
other plants in the habitat include pink NN ( NNP VBZ ) , VBZ rock NN ( NNP NN ) , JJ NN ( NNP NN ) , NNP 's NN ( NNP VBP NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
if the bot is not able to connect , it will post to the errors page listed above .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at room temperature , electrons in noble NNS move about freely , limited only by NNS with the JJ NN atoms .	4	8	VBP	move	moves
fair use in the phoenix NNP character portrait VBZ both the character design of NNP NNP as well as the art style of 'the phoenix NNP ' , in a manner which can not be achieved either by description or by use of any free recreated content .	1	8	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
this image includes the main characters of `` pepper and NNP '' permission from author to make an image of their characters .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
other verifiable facts are sure to exist in the article .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the song also contains a keyboard NN played by greg NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
for these reasons i do n't think this article meets the criteria , unfortunately .	8	9	VBZ	meets	meet
my primary reason for wanting it in there is that JJ NN cell death is a JJ problem that is VBN in NN an NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
however , as i always say , a speedy deletion is not a ban on an article ever existing at that title , and if you wish to create one , you are welcome to .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
its themes include the JJ study of NN and NN , as well as race and tolerance .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the basic ingredients of NN are NNS with fresh NN or beef .	2	5	VBP	are	is
NNP then all other criteria are irrelevant .	4	5	VBP	are	is
delete and redirect - the dance music page seems to make a merge unnecessary .	7	8	VBZ	seems	seem
if the JJ rock is rich in NN the result is a NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
type e heating pipes occupy CD NNS ; prior to installation of type e heating pipes , tank capacity was CD NNS greater than the number shown in the roster .	3	4	VBP	occupy	occupies
the land around it is clay .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
their manufacturers claim performance comparable or even faster than phase detection systems , though it is unclear under what conditions ( e .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
RB , equal amounts of NN and NN are used to make the NN , ensuring that the ratio of the two fat products is half that of the flour .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
this compound is not commonly available commercially .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after a major disaster caused by a NN falling in eastern italy in CD , the government of earth sets up the NNP system as an early warning of NNS from deep space .	16	19	VBZ	sets	set
the article also lacks any sources , and google VBZ no useful hits , so this is JJ NN also JJ content .	1	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
over the course of a year , temperatures range from an average low of about in january to an average high over in july .	7	8	VBP	range	ranges
the store has its origins in a business founded in 1843 at 14 henry street by george NNP and andrew white .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the major engineering features are still clearly visible in the landscape .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN ( NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ dead space is sum of the volumes of those NNS which have little or no blood flowing through their adjacent JJ NNS , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i am pretty sure it was discovered before you could RB test NNS and also their eggs probably are JJ enough for it to not be all that obvious .	16	18	VBP	are	is
delegate 's closing comment - the prose is not up to standard .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the traditional occupation of the community is to function as household priests and to study and VB NNP knowledge .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ gap between his first and second championships is also the longest ever .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
proposed downtown arena gets private financing commitment , '' VBZ baltimore NNP , wednesday , may 25 , 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
every proposal which further VBZ the process makes it harder for an individual article to stand on its own merits .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make
neither the NNS nor the literature are truly independent or JJ JJ educational activities .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the nearest towns are NNP , NNP over the border in england and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the adjacent NN , known as NNP , is former home of the station 's fm NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the cartoon takes on a much lighter tone than the comic , largely thanks to the differing NN , and is also much more JJ .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
this category includes people from NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the segment linking NNP is JJ but still accessible , as shown when NNP NNP is seen driving a van through the area to reach a JJ subway terminal beneath fort NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the point where we find the hair NN is the spot where the hair changes direction .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NN recovered NNS are safe and not VBN because the radiation affects only the first few inches of soil , nevertheless JJ hunting in the area is not entirely safe .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this station serves area residents and the NNP commons shopping center .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
a congressional charter is a law passed by the united states congress that states the mission , authority and activities of a group .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the username of the user who created the article is identical to the name of the article , which is identical to the name of the company being VBN in the article .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
since 1958 paris city health officials have formally recognised the strictly JJ NN of the treatment to be provided so that although all treatment is free , every analyst working at the NNP is VBN , preserving the NN of the patient analyst relation .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
this photograph depicts the NNP square at the municipality of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
diff is one way of achieving this .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
wind power in kenya VBZ a small but its proportion of the country 's electricity increases , as the installed capacity has been grows .	1	4	VBZ	generates	generate
the main JJ air emissions are JJ emissions from the wells during NN and emissions from hydraulic NN equipment , such as NN stations .	4	5	VBP	are	is
like most NNS , fruits start out green , VBG to brilliant red at NN .	4	5	VBP	start	starts
it has been shown that the type of the items in the context list produced by the NN transformation is the `` derivative '' of the original type in a sense that is related to NN in NN by NN .	6	19	VBZ	is	are
i would hope your extremely JJ comments count for little when this discussion VBZ .	12	13	VBZ	closes	close
i can not see any value whatsoever in this template , but if a person wants to display it , so be it .	14	15	VBZ	wants	want
approximately 50 people live there on a permanent basis .	2	3	VBP	live	lives
lots of registered users edit on a casual basis without VBG to log in .	0	4	VBP	edit	edit
silver plans are almost price and feature identical to the previous choice plans .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i am going to block the master indefinitely , since the NN VBZ that this user is here only to abuse the project .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
RB , the article needs a lot of work .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
some features of the JJ culture and NN are RB distinct from the rest of germany .	1	8	VBP	are	is
a broad natural NN is visible on the western side and the shallow NN NN on the south side may have been part part of the castle NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the machine uses friction and continuous pressure from the NN drives to move and VB the seed material .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
war memorial NNS are often considered to be protestant , as participants and observers tend to be drawn RB from the protestant community .	11	14	VBP	tend	tends
the NN NNS are double and JJ , with one weak , JJ NN pressed against the larger , stronger NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the video features a young male who leaves his father 's farm in search of a life in the big city .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
week CD aired march 2 , CD conclusion of the challenge between NNP and NNP starts the show , with NNP winning .	7	15	VBZ	starts	start
there is also a concern that since many young players have less developed chest and neck muscles than older players , almost every impact potentially acts likes a surprise hit .	9	10	VBP	have	has
NNP railway station is on the cardiff - NNP section of the london - south wales main line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as indeed they would have to be , since they 're JJ and no such diffs exist .	15	16	VBP	exist	exists
this aerial photograph comes from JJ digital JJ NNS produced by the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
NNP , this claim is absolutely not a notice of intent to VB VBG ( this needs VBG in case of more NN ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it consists of two NNS over a basement ; the front has seven NNS , VBN by two wide curved NNS , and is further VBN by JJ JJ wings .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the personal representative is an agent of the government who can be VBN to VB against you at the tribunal and at any subsequent trial .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for VBG and VBG near trees , it is recommended workers follow methods in dr .	10	11	VBP	follow	follows
portions of the poverty ridge neighborhood are also accessible from the station .	0	6	VBP	are	is
his JJ style includes both traditional and progressive elements .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the opening theme is by NNP NNP , whilst the ending theme is by NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's other local football club is NNP NNP fc , who VBP for many ages up to JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the decorative arts collection features natural and historical themes in glass and NN .	3	4	VBZ	features	feature
article needs work , but the town exists .	6	7	VBZ	exists	exist
fair use in sunshine NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the town is rich in football with the university of wales f .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the differences in probability are too small to have any significant impact .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the top seven teams form the premiership and the bottom seven the championship .	3	4	VBP	form	forms
renaissance decorative NNS such as NNS , NN and NN are common , as well as a certain degree of NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the house has a metal roof and brick foundation .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i read it , and it does not appear that the fact that the subject is living is an inherent issue .	11	17	VBZ	is	are
the use of NNP in archaeology has changed not only the way VBZ acquire and VB data , but also the way in which NNS think about space itself .	24	25	VBP	think	thinks
NNP bot writes a article on every particle in the universe , resulting in wikipedia being the universe .	1	2	VBZ	writes	write
the website has NNS of video conference interview with NNP and employer .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
they both have a very low opinion of the opposite sex , and RB believe marriage is not the way to go for the two NNS , whom they try to VB from VBG further .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
institutes consist of NNS , which , in their turn , include academic departments .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
the route turns west and crosses the railroad tracks before turning north onto NNP street and crossing the NNP river into NNP township .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
the band continues to be a seasonal icon in the NNP bay area where the NNPS perform their brand of covers every summer .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
this double standard VBG open NN of anyone labeled as a `` nationalist , '' baltic and eastern european in particular , is RB offensive .	2	22	VBZ	is	are
in total , an estimated CD vehicles use the tunnel each day .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
it 's for when NNP is n't quite enough , when faith in the trust placed in administrators is n't quite enough to make NNP feel safe .	11	18	VBZ	is	are
keep , official albums by notable bands are notable .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the film tells the story of graham , a man living under the NN of his VBG mother in their christian NN , who wants to have sex with god .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the old bus stand currently serves as the city bus stand .	3	5	VBZ	serves	serve
construction is mainly of carbon fiber .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
as i have stated previously , the key feature of an open society is free debate .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
these fossils resemble JJ JJ members of the NNP .	1	2	VBP	resemble	resembles
he scored a thousand runs for the first time that season , a feat he was to achieve eight times , while he scored over 2 , 000 runs in 1935 .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
the first receiver is the name given to the first player to receive the ball off the NN , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only mentions i can find of ivan are in connection with NNP or concern rumors that he 's going to follow his brother into the NNP ring .	2	8	VBP	are	is
these dreams continue even after she VBZ .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
the information is easily accessible to users and it does n't contribute directly to the user 's understanding of the subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bottom line , if this organisation really is notable , someone else will write an article about it in due course .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
the road also runs along the NNP river before turning south to its terminus in NNP .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
i just like to use what web resources seem helpful to me .	7	8	VBP	seem	seems
VB the first direct reference to the title of the novel , the action VBZ to london and the NNS of marco , a NN , VBG out a living whilst barely avoiding the darker NNS of the capital .	13	14	VBZ	jumps	jump
this category contains all spiral NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in all gospel accounts , this episode takes place after the NNP of jesus .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
NNS with JJ NNP NN whose NN function is an JJ form of singular weight .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the political view of the NNP is liberal and NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
mean maximum temperatures range from 35 .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
thus , the uncertainty of the term `` JJ '' is a reflection of the uncertainty in VBG NN eggs .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
few people look at redirects anyway , and attempting to VB and VB them all is VBN and serves no real purpose .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
the film ends as rod ( with his own NN ) again VBZ with frank .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
these ethnic groups include the NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP also called NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP is also the only way to deal with accusations where the master account is too old to check , or where results are JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
please remember that NNS are easy to VB and information in NN , including wikipedia , may not be reliable or accurate .	3	4	VBP	are	is
while functional , these models take more work and are far less efficient than some newer more efficient models .	4	5	VBP	take	takes
political resources being a function of wealth , the result is that states within the liberal system , are greatly in influenced by wealthy , and political able actors to not VB anything up with a way .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the most accurate mechanical clock to date is probably the NNP clock , built by noted NN e .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the sculpture article actually has more info than its website and the link to NNP in commons images has his signature if anyone really wants to see it .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
this step is crucial , since it prevents NNS , JJ NN , and JJ effects VBG from a given NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even single NNS have complex JJ characteristics .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a NN of JJ NN and NN leads to the first floor .	1	7	VBZ	leads	lead
what is worse , people defend such NNS RB , and think that because an embassy is a governmental entity , it can not possibly be wrong .	4	5	VBP	defend	defends
the club runs a number of rugby union and field hockey teams for both men and women as well as a number of junior programs .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the symbol for exact NNS is the NN letter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i do know that the reason for this is that there has to be consideration for the NN to be valid .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ winners include juan luis NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the sources exist to write an article , we can reference them .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
NNP NN type 8 is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the band has a green background with gold printing , similar to the others in this series .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a cultural meet is organized annually where students exhibit their talents .	7	8	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
fossil traces in JJ limestone and JJ giant trees , NNS of the great eastern JJ forest that once covered tennessee , are important collections on the site , as are pioneer trees and seasonal NNS .	1	22	VBP	are	is
legend has it that human NNS were offered at NNP in the remote past .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
a phone NN or jack NN in the rear of the unit permits a set of test leads to be VBN in VBG a quick conversion between the two applications .	2	12	VBZ	permits	permit
appearances on the album include NNP NNP , drake , NNP , tech NNP , NNP 3000 , rick ross , john legend , bruno mars , NNP , kevin rudolf , NNP , NNP b , NNP , NNP , and NNP NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
it is important to put emphasis on the word finite because even though every partial sum of the NNP series VBZ the function it is VBG , the limit of the partial NN does not .	28	33	VBZ	does	do
on the extended real number line the intervals are all different as this includes and elements .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the problem with spending it on war is that it employs the fit as soldiers and the intelligent as weapons makers .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
both problems have a NN which produces an easy integral for the mechanical method .	1	2	VBP	have	has
ultimately NNP policy is to post the elections of all nations big and small .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the broadway musical the book of mormon , elder price 's dream mission location is orlando .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the staff decides the best approach is to steal the one remote .	1	2	VBZ	decides	decide
if the very core of an article , the existence of its subject , needs a citation then it seems to me that afd is the proper way to go , not a citation needed tag .	3	14	VBZ	needs	need
JJ house NNS appear to be highly JJ of other NNS , with compound NNS consisting of multiple JJ species ( including t .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
other species within NNP include x .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
usually the first comment begins with a heading .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
in a mixed review , NNP magazine critic preston jones said that , although it is `` an JJ NN of sounds , beats , and vocal NNS '' , the album is `` far too long '' and lacks a song NN with `` NNP '' .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
the upper NNS are deep blue , and the lower NNS are a similar NN with an area of white and bright yellow near the throat .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the film ends with the humans in control of earth but facing an uncertain future .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the valley is n't usually JJ during the winter , but the summers enjoy beautiful NNS day and night long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
master of NNP is still the definitive name in space opera games '' .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the christian siege of the library ends when an NN of the roman emperor VBZ that the NNS are VBN , however the christians shall be allowed to enter the library and do with it what they please .	2	6	VBZ	ends	end
the only citations are from the arab european league , the organisation that produced the film .	2	3	VBP	are	is
one highlight of the estate is the outdoor NNP pool , located near the edge of the NN , which offers an JJ vista of the mountains , ocean and the main house .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the present suits have a life NN system which VBZ this NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
systems of NN registration vary widely from country to country , and sometimes from locality to locality .	0	4	VBP	vary	varies
people from far away places visit during this time to witness the event .	0	5	VBP	visit	visits
the current mayor of NNP city is park in won , who began serving on july 1 , 2002 after VBG in the local elections of june 13 , 2002 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the age distribution , , in the NNP district is ; 9 , CD children or 6 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP care is JJ and has shown clear benefits to VB and ill NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the attack JJ starts the NN .	1	3	VBZ	starts	start
of particular note is that fact that the gallery includes unused designs for both NNP prime and NNP , although neither appeared in the story .	8	9	VBZ	includes	include
its six fishing NNS catch mostly JJ and NNS .	3	4	VBP	catch	catches
aircraft were originally built as NNS mainly for structural reasons - a single canvas wing is very difficult to tension - but once aluminium started to be used strong NN wings could be built .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
an error corrected is JJ and JJ and , as far as wiki is concerned , might as well be the JJ tree falling in the forest .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ tradition explains this to mean that a man may not VB his NN with a NN with a single blade , since the cutting action of the blade against the skin `` mars '' the NN .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the book is meant to VB what NNP considers the real problem of the washington lobby .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the method tracks the NN of the instrument in the canal .	1	2	VBZ	tracks	track
all NNS receive a liberal arts education and have the option to pursue a major within the professional schools of the university or within the college of arts and sciences from the time they obtain junior status .	1	2	VBP	receive	receives
the ribbon of the order is orange ( royal house of orange ) with blue ( NNP ) stripes near the border .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
otherwise , since both editors are on record as willing to seek mediation , please head to dispute resolution .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the local football team is NNP welfare f .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some methods depend largely on natural air , while others may use lp heat or natural gas , which make energy cost vary .	1	2	VBP	depend	depends
the star is red because , in 1976 , the radio announcer ivan NNP decided that the club 's logo should have the same colors of NNP state flag , black and red .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the village hall is also home to NNP under NNP NNP , a RB voluntary parent run group [ 4 ] .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
romance , probably written by james malcolm NNP and thomas NNP NNP , begins NN , the first literary appearance of NNP todd ( 21 november ) .	0	13	VBZ	begins	begin
i know it seems odd , but the problem is that on the internet nobody knows who you are .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
if NN is the NN of the body , marriage is the sale .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this area is part of the quarter panel just behind the door and in front of the rear wheel house .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
accordingly many editors and NNS prefer to simply note that the line is corrupt .	2	5	VBP	prefer	prefers
in addition , the JJ nature of the form allows NNP to incorporate elements of so many other art forms and works that attempting to identify them all would be a nearly impossible task far beyond the scope of this article .	5	9	VBZ	allows	allow
if the user wants the contents for their userpage and does n't have a copy then message me on my talk i 'd be happy to VB .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want
the NNS for the two NN preparations , though not identical , are largely the same .	1	12	VBP	are	is
a chronicle of NNP is ] the art film from hell .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
route 28 continues east , VBG route 59 and the garden state parkway in NNP before heading to elizabeth , where it crosses route CD before ending at route 27 .	0	2	VBZ	continues	continue
neighbouring settlements include NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the deputy to the inspector also holds 3 star rank .	1	6	VBZ	holds	hold
RB , his approach to speedy deletion is too aggressive in my opinion and shows an apparent lack of understanding when it comes to our speedy deletion policy .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
its granite facade still remains on NNP NNP .	2	4	VBZ	remains	remain
while the potential for NN is less than for those on NNS , it is still a serious potential side effect that can be JJ .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in `` oh , those JJ blues , '' the pianist is les brown 's NNP NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a rich provincial NN NNP VBZ NNP and NNP to sing at his house privately after the NN reaches his province .	17	18	VBZ	reaches	reach
the strikes are so fast that it is almost as if he has a hundred arms and legs .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP file histories perhaps are the best and me and that minority are really really wrong .	2	4	VBP	are	is
any other argument or no argument at all gives an JJ mark .	2	8	VBZ	gives	give
the elements are both RB and RB loaded with a spring or other device to maintain contact .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ satellites are satellites which use radio time signals transmitted to enable mobile NNS on the ground to determine their exact location .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP river serves as a border with two other regions , NNP district and NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
NN 's shows include rock NNS and comedy , and it credits itself with giving the name `` NNP '' to doing performances in random spots on campus .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
users are not required to download or install the NNP client ; instead users start the NNP client directly in their NNS and can begin sharing content almost instantly .	13	14	VBP	start	starts
other islands in the immediate vicinity include NNP island , low island , mark island , NNP island , and peak island .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
i understand the example is one where one of the users caught up in this added material to an article without providing properly explicit sourcing .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
yet again , the road passes by the rear of more neighborhoods and some shopping centers , although the NNP campus of NNP college lies on the northern side of the road as it VBZ the don NNP expressway ( sr CD ) .	4	5	VBZ	passes	pass
the engine has a CD hour time between NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
merge into sergeant NNP school district , corresponding section already exists ; but VBP the text considerably .	0	10	VBZ	exists	exist
i understand that sources need to be found , but i would expect they are available and doubt that the nominator has actually looked for them ( due to his nominating several related subjects , without VBG to really consider each one ) .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
the quotes and VBN lists are a bit too long .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the fort survives as NNS , but no NN of these has been carried out so far .	1	2	VBZ	survives	survive
NNP acid is an JJ JJ acid .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lyrics tell a JJ story of poverty and NN .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells
outside NN control , there is a JJ booth and two NNS going down to the southwest and northeast corner of elder and NNP NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the federal laws require states to provide special education consistent with federal standards as a condition of receiving federal funds .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
after VBG certain requirements , bankruptcy law permits courts to VB NN of labor contracts by the NN .	6	7	VBZ	permits	permit
the island is also called helicopter island because its limestone cliffs resemble that of a helicopter when it is viewed from a considerable distance .	10	11	VBP	resemble	resembles
NNP teachers , this NN box is the JJ gift of NNP NNP [ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if the image is on wikimedia commons , the `` revert '' link ( s ) will be on the image 's commons page when you are logged in .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each party VBZ the same NNS to all other parties , except to the extent that they have stated NNS .	1	2	VBZ	owes	owe
the NNP cemetery is maintained by the city of NNP , and several NNP descendants still pass through to maintain the family graves .	14	16	VBP	pass	passes
the team also competes in the national NNP league ( nfl ) , which hosts the national tournament each year in june .	1	3	VBZ	competes	compete
its expected date of completion is summer CD .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN NN along the NNP bay ( with bay of NNP ) and NNP bay has the NNP peninsula and the NNP peninsula VBG out into the baltic .	2	16	VBZ	has	have
the power station has a 1 , CD mw capacity and is supplied with water by a JJ NN dam .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
currently the pm park establishment is a small summer retreat that offers a variety of options .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a JJ set is a regular chain if and only if it is a NNP characteristic set of its JJ ideal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
presented in traditional JJ animation NNS , the game consists of three modes to help VB , the map of the dragon world , the area maps , and the battle mode .	8	9	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP activity occurs at CD elevation on the NNP flank of the volcano , and two areas of JJ NN NN are located at the NNP base of the volcano near volcano creek .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
if an editor continues to use the same JJ tactics , then potential third party opinions will notice his JJ debate and will probably want the same answer .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
NNS are notable , NNS are notable .	4	5	VBP	are	is
today , the JJ street name often indicates the name of the family that at one time VBD the land .	5	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the animation process and its `` 10 , 000 drawings , each a little different from the one preceding it '' is put on display , with humorous scenes of mountains of paper , some of which an assistant drops .	38	39	VBZ	drops	drop
for , one will not understand the gravity of claims that this book makes .	12	13	VBZ	makes	make
in 2007 , a report by the office for standards in education ( NNP ) said , `` NNP school provides a sound education for its students .	4	20	VBZ	provides	provide
of course , the problem is that doing all this can be RB VBG and VBG , and it might be you who VBZ first .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i can not put my best towards a single article , but my best contributions are are probably my NN fighting .	14	15	VBP	are	is
dispute NN believes that content in the controversy section and the discrimination section is not relevant or should n't be included .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
within development theory , however , there are varying ideas concerning what constitutes desirable change for a particular society , and the different ways that quality of life is defined by institutions therefore shapes how these organizations work for its improvement as a whole .	36	37	VBP	work	works
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical NN NN forests , subtropical or tropical dry NN , rivers , water storage areas , NN treatment areas , JJ land , RB flooded agricultural land , and NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
another possibility is to VB a car with `` damage points '' for each crash .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lawyer says on the tapes that she believes the so-called suicide note was `` VBN or traced .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the reverse NNP system is often used because where the NNP list represents how much the player wants to win , a reverse NNP line represents the most that the player will lose during the JJ cycle .	24	25	VBZ	represents	represent
some examples of NNP experiments are JJ NN NN logistics and how to create drugs that do not breed drug NN NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is
her concern for nature knows no bound and after the al NNP study , NNP was chosen to represent brazil on the live earth show and become the cause 's NN in brazil .	1	4	VBZ	knows	know
rival contest is NNP NNP NNP ( new miss sweden ) arranged by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , the article sounds a bit too much like a NN .	3	4	VBZ	sounds	sound
the city of NNP is the district headquarters .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN article only describes the us situation ( although it does not acknowledge this NN ) , and uk banking , or at least its reporting in the JJ press , would describe this as a public share issue .	2	4	VBZ	describes	describe
it all depends who is around at the time to comment , and who the closing editor is .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the background of the shield , the NN ( NN depicted tied to the helmet above the shield ) and the NNS of the eagles are blue ( NN in NN ) .	21	25	VBP	are	is
at each sunset the tiles change their locations , allowing any NNS to be split and easily attacked by the NNP army of the architect ; a means known as NNP strategy .	4	5	VBP	change	changes
the solution is always a central extension .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
between the JJ stage and the adult stage is the JJ stage , a rest period , in which VBP inner and outer bodies change .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP transport links are good most times of the day .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its features allow users to discover and rate web pages , photos , and videos that are VBN to their NNS and interests using JJ and JJ principles .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
the NNS in NNP , VBD in CD , were filled with water again in 1930s ; their present configuration is quite similar to the 17th century , except for a lesser number of NNS .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
fair use in the wedding NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the months are 30 days and 29 days in turns .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the falls are high and the harmony of bird songs above the trees creates a beautiful NN for NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
each episode picks up from where the last one left off .	1	2	VBZ	picks	pick
towns in JJ african countries are n't exactly VBN on the world wide web .	0	5	VBP	are	is
they stress that stories of jews VBG the soviets on the streets , RB remembered by many poles from eastern part of the country are JJ and not reliable NNS of the level of jewish support for the soviets .	3	24	VBP	are	is
the point of a trial is that the operator reviews every single edit as it is made ; there 's no point to an `` automatic '' trial .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles pertaining to alabama NNP tide football .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
one such song is oh NNP , it is reported that oh NNP is a song that originated and was passed down in the lane family from georgia and the NNP ( NNP ) family from tennessee .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it asks for all input in a directly related article ( historical jesus and jesus ) where the exact same thing is happening .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the album sees NNP taking a JJ , more hard rock sound than on his previous JJ live albums .	1	2	VBZ	sees	see
JJ NN , RB , usually involves the formation of a JJ or JJ ring , which is RB favorable ; although these reactions tend to also VB NN , as previously discussed .	23	24	VBP	tend	tends
the oldest surviving NN cards are from fifteen VBN NNS painted in the mid 15th century for the NNP family , the rulers of milan .	4	5	VBP	are	is
these are decided on the second night by a panel of judges that usually contains various professionals and NNS , and also on occasion , famous celebrities also attend the show as judges .	26	28	VBP	attend	attends
given its JJ origins and the role that brussels plays as the capital city in a JJ country , the administration of the entire JJ region is in theory fully JJ , including its NNS and public services .	20	26	VBZ	is	are
v information on this group is already in list of collegiate a NN groups and there is thus nothing to merge .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the closest community to cape NNP is port NNP , NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the similarly JJ wings on the NNP NNP are due to just such a JJ change to the weight distribution of the aircraft .	3	8	VBP	are	is
falling rain has a page for NNP , including NNS , weather , and elevation .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
oppose the subject is VBG , but the quality of the photo is JJ .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
he suggests that she try to convince the NNS that their new appearance is JJR than their former one , which she VBZ in doing .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
however with the advent of NNP replacement therapy ( NNP ) treatments , the effects of the NN are being VBN and women have more opportunity to continue to experience an active sex life .	22	23	VBP	have	has
NNP ] ] , which i read , and no policy seems to exist for censorship of either person .	10	11	VBZ	seems	seem
in lord NNP dies , a woman asks NNP to help her obtain a divorce , despite the fact that NNP is a catholic , as he points out to her .	6	7	VBZ	asks	ask
the conservation team is hoping that a pattern will emerge as the recording process continues .	13	14	VBZ	continues	continue
the lead characters in the tv series NNP and NNP live in the fictional community of highland , texas .	2	10	VBP	live	lives
the ending to the second NN shows that NNP survives his sacrifice , and that NNP NNP and NNP are reunited after death .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show
the entire article is basically trivia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
investment banking business comprises activities related to equity capital markets , NNP and NNP and private equity advisory .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
their home stadium is NNP NNP stadium .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the institution of engineering and technology ( NNP ) is the largest JJ professional engineering institution in the world .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the edit objected to is not JJ RB disruptive to the point of VBG sanctions , and VBG with it does not make it so .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the evidence on the market value of specific businesses varies widely , largely depending on reported market transactions in the equity of the firm .	1	9	VBZ	varies	vary
in addition , these drinks use NN packaging .	4	5	VBP	use	uses
you might as well say that time appears to VB because of length NN .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear
the book VBZ the personality and projects of robert NNP , eric NNP , NNP k .	1	2	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize
their use in a filter structure requires that some of the wave is allowed to pass out of one NN into another through a NN structure .	1	6	VBZ	requires	require
the article describes , in great detail , the various forms of magic portrayed in a tv series and related works .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
maxwell equations are JJ under the NNP transformation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNS are useful because they give you a means to track your progress in improving articles .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the wikipedia namespace , for example , contains information regarding the NNS of wikipedia .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP stone ruins are a provincial heritage site in NNP NNP in the NNP province of south africa .	3	4	VBP	are	is
if snow be white , why then her NNS are VBN ; if NNS be NNS , black NNS grow on her head .	18	19	VBP	grow	grows
services in english also continue on satellite , both using swedish television 's satellite and the world radio network .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues
additionally , the purpose of NNP 's service is to VB web content , not store data .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP curve is not defined if the mean of the probability distribution is zero or infinite .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
although the NNP ( NNP ) legend has no business being taken as historical fact , it has assumed an important role certain aspects of modern korean nationalism .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
valleys and flat areas are highly suitable sites .	0	4	VBP	are	is
however , on some missions it is required that a team member carries a particular piece of equipment , such as NNP for destroying walls or vehicles .	11	12	VBZ	carries	carry
in the middle ages NNS typically would have NNS in separate areas within a monastery ; an early JJ monastery , royal monastery of our lady of the wheel , founded in CD , has this chamber clearly visible today .	19	34	VBZ	has	have
this of course ruled out a skin or canvas covering but since timber is JJ in the area it was easily replaced with NN NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the opening shot is of video NNP NNP sitting in a living room watching television .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the electronic trends in JJ binding energy are not quite JJ to trends in JJ NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is
NNP profile link is not a reliable source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
company says NN will be available for other platforms later this year .	0	1	VBZ	says	say
only 3 times have you been among the first 20 users to either support or oppose , and your average voting number is 38 .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the book tells the story of how NNP was given a promotion to `` NNP '' and even explains how this yorkshire NNP ended up in new guinea .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the custom tends to be to list the top ten countries in the main article and all in the NN , but for early olympics , there were only 10 or 11 countries total .	32	33	VBP	total	totals
these people have no historical significance VBG an article , nor are there any truly biographical sources ( where they , rather than the one event they gained NN for , are the subject of the source ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
their style of comedy is a mixture between NNP NNP and `` weird al '' NNP , making NNS of popular culture like movies and music and even NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
productive horizon for water supply in case of need is the old bed of the river NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the vertical stem of the `` t '' is equal to the width of of the stage .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
much of NNP 57 VBZ the interstate 43 corridor , and the highway is JJ with NNP for in NNP county .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
pressure comes from a RB JJ southern gentleman ( NNP torn ) , whose NNS include a negro mistress , a pistol range adjacent to his NN , and fixed card games .	0	1	VBZ	comes	come
thus , it could be VBN that the JJ present for a NN is the direct result of his JJ NN to experience NN .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
even if they posted that information to their site , JJ sources are not usually reliable .	11	12	VBP	are	is
it is entirely possible that scottish law is different from english and welsh law in that respect .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
males over four months old have white NNS .	0	5	VBP	have	has
regular use of the NNP NNP during daily activities prevents NN of NN and arch pain .	1	9	VBZ	prevents	prevent
print out three lists of one time VBZ at the beginning of the game , players then use these to VB their cards .	15	17	VBP	use	uses
the district is an JJ shaped area of mostly following the three roads whose intersection defines it in the area between NNP and indian lake NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main population centres are the town of NNP and the villages of NNP and NNP , located on the largest island , NNP ( although NNP and NNP are partly located on smaller islands adjacent to the main island ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
benedict NNP , who reviewed the show for the times , wrote that , `` it is pretty clear that economic , not artistic , necessity explains the show 's presence .	25	26	VBZ	explains	explain
evidence of NN in NNP NNS includes the discovery of polar NNS in australia and antarctica ( where they would have experienced a cold , dark JJ winter ) , and analysis of JJ structures within fossil bones that are typical of NNS .	0	6	VBZ	includes	include
her individual best result is a 30th place .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
responses on a test are consistent across questions .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the NNP considers itself a democratic people 's militia and VBZ internal elections as a method of VBG officers .	8	10	VBZ	conducts	conduct
in the large NN [ the chapel ] three classes have to VB at the same time , because the NNS above are used as NNS for the students .	9	10	VBP	have	has
in these accounts two or more distinct stories seem to be mixed up together , but they probably originated in the popular belief that there was a natural JJ communication between the river NNPS and the well NNP .	7	8	VBP	seem	seems
summer days are warm , with a july high of , but NNS are often cool , with monthly NNS VBG below .	1	2	VBP	are	is
broadway platforms , but operate in service from evans station .	1	4	VBP	operate	operates
it 's noted that he was one of seven bob NNP in a documentary film ; however , that documentary film appears RB marginal [ 1 ] .	20	21	VBZ	appears	appear
its name VBZ as the lightning .	1	2	VBZ	translates	translate
a quick google search brings up things like where parts are filmed , what songs are featured and geographic errors , on the first page .	3	4	VBZ	brings	bring
examples of JJ NN fields include those describing cold NN atoms , such as NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the park is home to a number of big brands such as NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for one thing , i believe that the article in encyclopedia NNP also offers significant coverage by a reliable secondary source .	8	13	VBZ	offers	offer
the light characteristic is one flash every three seconds which is created by two rotating JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
weak oppose - significant person in this field , but at age 73 the death is not all that unusual .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
when science becomes religion and the scientists become priests the NN starts a new age of NN of science .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become
i agree that a 7 day block is in order here , as he has VBN many talk page messages requesting him to stop .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the list consists of the names of 18 persons who are suspected to have been in contact with the east german security service NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
when the eye of the storm passes over and violent seas return , the crew decides to find a way to destroy the creature .	2	6	VBZ	passes	pass
if the patient VBZ to one side they may have a JJ NN on that side , but this test should not be used to VB NNS without the support of other tests .	2	3	VBZ	rotates	rotate
its members come from around the world with a commitment to serve the people of africa and those of african descent .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
canada 's national police force is the royal canadian mounted police ( NNP ) which is the main police force in canada 's north , and in rural areas except in quebec , ontario , and newfoundland .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the dancers wear JJ shoes to VB the noise made while VBG .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
the delta 's JJ point is the confluence of the NNP and alabama rivers and follows a JJ direction that ultimately opens into the head of mobile bay through the mobile , NNP , NNP , middle , NNP , and spanish rivers near the battleship parkway .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the international latin division consists of NNP NN NN , NN , NN , NN NN , and NN .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the JJ NN NNP state model approach significantly increases the efficiency of simulation as it VBZ NN inside the local energy minimum itself , and is JJ to distributed computing ( including on NNP ) as it allows for the statistical NN of short , independent simulation NNS .	6	8	VBZ	increases	increase
the NNP river joins the NNP river here .	2	3	VBZ	joins	join
this list is of major sites protected for their historical and cultural value at the national level in the autonomous region of tibet , people 's republic of china .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the upper level of the facade features a pair of windows VBN by single NN windows in a slightly VBN bay , with a prominent ruby theatre above .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
the fact that they have yet to perform live is of no consequence to their remaining on wikipedia .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
a water crisis is a situation where the available JJ , JJ water within a region is less than that region 's demand .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
themes which are introduced in each of the first chapters will then exist in succeeding narrative chapters , such as after reading the first chapter of a detective novel , then the narrative story takes on a few common JJ themes .	33	34	VBZ	takes	take
every NN system has one or more natural frequencies that it will VB at once it is VBN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
expand at present the article is inadequate .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the picture is dated 1945 and says `` NNP '' on the back indicating this would have been for the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
refs need to be consistent and to present a minimum of information for each ref .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
the flight path of the coventry airport runs just to the east of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	runs	run
the NNP model combines the energy and resources of corporations , foundations , the JJ community , indigenous organizations , and other JJ partners , with the technical expertise and experience of the u .	2	3	VBZ	combines	combine
if there is , at all , any god , it is within human being and the best way to VB NN is to serve the less JJ fellow humans .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
people seem to have some weird fantasy about `` freedom for anyone to edit .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
everyone 's aim is to win at least one trick , under penalty of increasing the pool .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the term RB top virus often refers to this specific virus .	4	6	VBZ	refers	refer
NNS , NNS should not be JJ , but the community is n't much divided over the claim that hitler was a NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
an example of internal climate NN is the el NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the population is 1 , CD ( 2006 census ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this research involves NNS , NNS , and social scientists conducting detailed JJ NNS of user interactions in the field , with the goal of understanding how to construct and VB such JJ systems effectively .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
NNP researchers gather and VBP data concerning the social , academic , and JJ characteristics of deaf and hard of hearing populations , primarily to provide information needed by NNS in the field .	1	2	VBP	gather	gathers
a large part of the basin is so dry as to be considered a desert .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ every documentary is not notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one tall claim has been made that has not been verified at all ( the JJ citation says nothing to support the claim !	16	17	VBZ	says	say
the paragraph about her first marriage seems short on details about her marriage and is instead a NN of other facts .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem
one prominent critic of NNP is virginia thomas , wife of supreme court justice clarence thomas .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
renowned former players of NNP include NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the story goes that NNP gave NNP a box and commanded her not to open it .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
through time and mystery - ending is the fourth album by the german electronic composer peter NNP , released in 1988 through NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
of the three types of civil war NNS , NN NNS are by far the NN .	10	11	VBP	are	is
a similar NN NN occurs in front of the central window bay on the level below .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
links in the article seem to assert his notability .	0	4	VBP	seem	seems
as the main JJ NNS continue into the NN they become RB linked with the NN and sympathetic NNS from the sympathetic NNS to form the NN NN .	4	5	VBP	continue	continues
two bars , the three NNP and the underground , two shops , a print shop , a gym , and NN courts also form part of the union .	1	24	VBP	form	forms
however , the mouth of the columbia river is some 75 miles north of cape NNP , the area in which NNP 's naval reports claimed his JJ action took place .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the convent of christ has a total of eight NNS , built in the 15th and 16th centuries .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
since the novels ' activities take place entirely JJ and NNP 's JJ settlements are not dependent on JJ support , there is no need for the NNP to play a role .	13	14	VBP	are	is
its current address is CD NNP street .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
another approach to controlling biological reactions using smart NNS is to prepare JJ proteins with JJ NN binding sites close to VB or cell binding sites .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the specific name , NN , is latin for `` chain bearing '' , referring to the dorsal color pattern .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it actually makes it seem that most if not all JJ NNS are conscious .	11	12	VBP	are	is
this method enables scientists to separate different cells with different sizes .	1	2	VBZ	enables	enable
the name of the town in NNP means `` projected rock '' , a reference to the rocks which form the NN in the town area , which VBZ with the sandy beach of the surrounding areas .	1	7	VBZ	means	mean
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in the indian state of NNP .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ flagship product is 3d NNS that can be used to view pc gaming in three dimensions .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia as the NNP NNP framework does .	5	6	VBZ	does	do
this code is available in the public domain here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the longest commercial van i 'm aware of is the escort NNP van NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
i looked at the diffs , both parties are guilty and he was also dealing with ip edits and possible vandalism .	7	8	VBP	are	is
well red magazine is a JJ JJ magazine that `` tackles matters on and off the pitch at liverpool fc '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN knows the check will VB , and the resulting account will be in debt , but the NN will abandon the account and take the cash .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know
from this tradition it is probable that easter eggs came into being , but their exact origins are unknown .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the interior of the temple has beautiful NNS .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
links just show two church services and bible classes .	0	2	VBP	show	shows
this campaign is about the next generation ; it is if we have a safe world and a secure world where our kids can go to bed at night and not worry about a guy that drives a NN in the daytime and kills at night .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the japanese version of NNP joe features music composed by NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
reports accurately VB activities and all financial support , however , reporting requirements vary from state to state .	12	13	VBP	vary	varies
this is possibly based on confusion with the character judge rico , whose surname is rico and whose badge therefore bears that name ( see image here ) .	18	20	VBZ	bears	bear
do not leave a NN , messages are no longer being accepted at this time and will be deleted on NN , also no response will be given to any NN left on this page for this user .	6	7	VBP	are	is
some NNS claim they cook the dish to prove the NN of the fish to the customer .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
all departments have a director who is a non JJ member of the executive council and head coordinator .	1	2	VBP	have	has
article contains nine references , to nine press releases .	0	1	VBZ	contains	contain
the protagonist sees no other options than to VB himself with his new crew , hoping for the best .	1	2	VBZ	sees	see
while his death is JJ , he died sometime in CD or after , as the last notice of his existence occurs between september and december CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i also believe in free speech but this is not a license to VB - with that freedom comes responsibility .	17	18	VBZ	comes	come
game NNS include soldiers , colonists , missionaries , NNS , NNS , NN NNS , and gold bars , along with individual named NNS , NNS , and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the most common and traditional use of the term NNP community is in reference to groups of residents ' continuing aspects of caribbean culture , customs and traditions in the united kingdom .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
increased NN production occurs in many NNS , including NNS of the NN , lung , breast , JJ , NN and other NNS .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNS , the JJ track is the oldest NN sporting event of any kind in the united states .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
figure shows two reaction stages and the variation of pressure and velocity of the gas in them .	0	1	VBZ	shows	show
the geographical spread of the evidence suggests this was a widespread phenomenon in asia minor during the roman period .	2	6	VBZ	suggests	suggest
survey systems with integrated global NN systems ( NNP ) have been developed , but under field conditions , currently available systems lack sufficient precision for JJ archaeological mapping .	21	22	VBP	lack	lacks
however , the impact of the intense , JJ mexican NN on the global population is yet JJ .	3	15	VBZ	is	are
the students ' union building on NNP campus contains an 1800 capacity venue called CD , two bars , a number of retail outlets , and the hub .	4	8	VBZ	contains	contain
art galleries generally open new shows on the first friday of each month from 6 to 9 pm .	1	3	VBP	open	opens
the stadium , used for soccer , football , track and field events , includes an 8 lane track , a high jump pit , a pole vault pit , and a long jump area .	1	14	VBZ	includes	include
thin NNS are relatively JJ and they have thermal electromagnetic NN , i .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the film VBZ the NN of the NN , educated , urban youth in modern india .	1	2	VBZ	portrays	portray
spike explains he was VBG whether she was evil , as his source claimed .	0	1	VBZ	explains	explain
the brain is a sensitive organ which VBZ in JJ fluid .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even the NNS from the atlas can be posted if a good scan is available .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
notability is the phrase a topic is notable if it has sufficient , independent works that are reliable and can act as the basis for an encyclopedic article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the trail 's route winds through the mountainous terrain of the historic silver valley , into the chain lakes region , along the shore of lake NNP NN , over the NNP bridge to VB state park , and finally VBZ to the NNP prairie .	3	4	VBZ	winds	wind
its county seat is stanford , montana .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
people try to relate the present day VB craft to the tradition of sculpture making that existed here before the advent of islam .	0	1	VBP	try	tries
the manor contains a unique series of painted cloth NNS dated about CD , VBG the life of joseph , as well as numerous historic features , including NNP wall paintings , VBG and NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in this region the most important JJ activity is the agriculture , there are plantations of cotton plants , NN , NNS , NN , corn , fruits .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
courses offered are unique in wales and include JJ psychology , landscape for garden design , and organic NN .	0	2	VBP	are	is
i think we can guess where their NNS lie and not take their votes altogether seriously .	7	8	VBP	lie	lie
although chester is less than 45 minutes drive from rugby league NNS such as NNP , NNP , NNP and st NNP but rugby league has traditionally failed to capture the imagination of locals and the sport struggled to maintain a place in the city 's sporting calendar .	6	7	VBP	drive	drives
place him VB on his back with something folded between his shoulder blades ; LS NN spread out with his two NNS to stretch apart his JJ bone until the break falls in its place .	30	31	VBZ	falls	fall
some examples are here , here , here , here , and here .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP line offers superior performance in terms of dynamic range , NN , and JJ power , when compared to the older hd line .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the album features a number of guest musicians including emperor singer NNP , as well as NNS NNP NNP , tony NNP and chris poland .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
these rivers ' origins , near the villages of NNP NNP and NNP , are only a few miles apart ; yet the NNP flows west to the NNP , while the NNP flows south to the NNP .	3	14	VBP	are	is
the suit is able to VB bullets without losing its integrity ( although being shot NNS ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS had many players graduate from junior hockey after that season , and did not manage to recover their previous form .	4	5	VBP	graduate	graduates
if however the language 's name is JJ as a noun , there is no need for this .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
her beliefs are similar to van NNP and she has read widely .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when the children realize what their fathers really did , they refuse to back down , their determination set in stone .	2	3	VBP	realize	realizes
in NN their diet consists primarily of commercially available , appropriately VBN rats , graduating to larger prey such as NNS and NN as they grow .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
primary stress in old norse falls on the word stem , so that NN would be pronounced .	1	5	VBZ	falls	fall
he identified the NN books as `` the set 's most unusual components '' and felt that although the adventure they present `` is RB staged and reasonably engaging , it hardly merits a format this elaborate .	19	23	VBZ	is	are
our goals are to copy edit all articles tagged in 2011 and to complete all requests placed before the end of october .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the album is notable for having a running time of more than 80 minutes on a single standard compact disc , and for being one of the first NNP albums to be presented in a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
particularly , the JJ NN table has no carries in balanced JJ , and the addition table has only two JJ carries instead of three .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
a recording of this is available on the limited edition live in 2008 cd sold on the subsequent tour ( listed as `` a couple of extra bits '' ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
promotional tone reveals article is more of an NN for accommodation services .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the hill is part of a NN around the valley of NNP beck .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but NNP 's body remains JJ and NNP begins to VB doubt that it was NNP at all who died in the street .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
strictly speaking , the expansion tree is simply a directed JJ graph or NNP , with its root number indicating the graph size existing in the expansion tree and each of its other nodes containing the NN matrix of a distinct NN NN graph .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
fluid NNS occur in the NN , atmosphere , ocean , NN and core .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
replacement pages exist at list of ace titles in a series and list of ace titles in n series .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
my feeling is that a lot more work is required to VB criterion 2 ( a ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
most places of accommodation are in the form of private NNS , of which there are some 400 available to rent on the island .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the name of the band comes from the song el NNP del NNP by radio NNP .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
a NN was added the second year the house is a contributing property to the century of progress architectural district .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , this distinction sometimes fails to be asserted , or the two are openly treated as JJ by many NNS , even in clearly japanese religious NN .	3	5	VBZ	fails	fail
in marked contrast , the tributary networks of the NNP , NNP , and particularly the NNP , are complex with different NNS often VBG different , and distinct , drainage patterns .	6	18	VBP	are	is
regardless , each contestant has individual merits and should have been listed separately .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
a tender moment NNS when NNP RB puts ice cream on NNP 's nose , but just as he is about to kiss her , a vampire appears behind NNP .	26	27	VBZ	appears	appear
however , stock photography sites provide a more reliable source of income for each .	4	5	VBP	provide	provides
cities close to NNP also include NNP , and NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the main highways are all paved and have at least two lanes ; they are better maintained than main and regional roads .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the world war ii battleship is held as a war memorial ; located across from the downtown port area , the ship is open to public tours .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
spoken swiss german is almost JJ to a JJ speaker , to the extent that when swiss people appear on german tv , their speech is almost always VBD to make it JJ .	17	18	VBP	appear	appears
the waves VBP the NNS they must overcome , while the stars VBP the notion that the sky is the limit to VB if dreams are backed by dedication .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
one requirement of using that algorithm is that VBG must be done as an exact NN of NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
when the rode is NN , the JJ curve presents a lower angle of pull on the anchor or VBG device than would be the case if it were nearly straight .	8	9	VBZ	presents	present
the standard sequence NNS include , , and .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
at all VBZ the JJ NN appears perfectly straight because the observer is only RB far from the plane of the JJ NN but RB far from the JJ NN itself .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
we VBP that the article is currently ready for a peer review , the next step towards nominating it for a featured article , and would appreciate your NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i suggest we wait and see how this user edits the mainspace .	8	9	VBZ	edits	edit
he calls a friend who tells him the NN cross is the map symbol for a NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
sometimes the choice of NN is a matter of taste ; more often , of utility .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
social economic zones , technology NNS , free trade agreements and technology clusters are some of the ways to encourage organizational networking and JJ innovations .	2	13	VBP	are	is
one method of VBG the impact of NNS on employment is to measure the period of time it takes to return to the NN employment peak .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
isle of NNP NNP - NNP site is too frequently VBN in NN to be useful for a lighthouse .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
execution is the first full-length album by NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
figures represented in bold are the highest scoring medal RB for each individual medal .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNP NN IN wikipedia humor has its place , if wikipedia is to ever be taken seriously then the project needs to move as far away as possible from the concepts like , `` NNP NN words '' .	19	20	VBZ	needs	need
NNP 's guitar playing is based on the VBG black metal NN NN , the sound production is somewhat thin and raw , and NNP 's vocals are JJ NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
no provinces have district or county courts anymore , but all provinces have superior courts .	11	12	VBP	have	has
to VB , check for serious blp issues such as attacks , unsourced negative statements , or potentially JJ claims , address those first if they exist , then move on to warn , then come back to think NN through which version .	14	21	VBP	address	addresses
this family oriented environment is unique in NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in television listings such as tv guide , where space limitations usually require television networks to be referred to by a JJ NN , the NNS `` NNP '' , `` NNP '' or `` NNP '' are commonly used , depending on the publication .	10	12	VBP	require	requires
i think that notability requirements are a bit JJ for lists .	4	5	VBP	are	is
chinese and american NN NNS , manufacturer is unknown with the exception of CD which is manufactured by NN specialty steel co .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this interpretation , however , though very common among scholars today , is not universal .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
i believe the list now follows the featured list criteria .	3	5	VBZ	follows	follow
all the songs are from the recording sessions for jesus piece .	2	3	VBP	are	is
at the viewing size , the colors in the edit seem to be less bright than in the original , and the difference in NN is rather small to begin with .	6	10	VBP	seem	seems
despite this , the village has in recent years expanded , with people working locally or VBG as far as chester , NNP , liverpool , birmingham and manchester .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the difference between JJ manual ( 200 hp ) and auto ( 180 hp ) is NNS , NN , JJ body and the NN for manual come with NN .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
this parameter gives the date when the article was last assessed .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
while a NN of 5 NNP is sufficient to kill a human , and a NN of 60 NNP is able to kill all cells in a colony of e .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the player controls a NN that can move RB and RB in the bottom part of the screen ( as in NNP 3 ) .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
panic fire comes in JJ when the player is surrounded .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
as of august 2011 , the airport is not yet under the administration of the uganda civil aviation authority .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the city has 200 known homeless people .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
sustainable transport is RB a JJ movement , albeit one which is now recognised as of NN , national and international significance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP e VBP engine remains for the JJ models , while the JJ but JJ 1 .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the 1978 series was originally released on video by NNP productions with reasonable NN between 1983 and 1999 , many of which are still easy to find NN , although the sound and picture quality is not always what it could be .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
this JJ solution is not perfect , as images suffer from JJ NN with different colors ending up at slightly different places .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the stage show features 11 jets ( including tony ) and 10 sharks .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
st thomas ' church of england parish church on NNP road has ancient origins although the present building is barely over 100 years old .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the idea is to VB administrators who have minimal community opposition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the people who VBP - are mostly the NNS , the NN , the NNS - and they do that on windows too .	1	5	VBP	are	is
sixteen home wins on the NN failed to VB off their shadows from NNP .	1	2	VBZ	wins	win
that removal has nothing to do with this discussion whatsoever .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the difference , of course , is that this library is open to the public .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
unlike closely related NNP NN and other genus members , the NN is RB ; its shape is something in between a rod and a NN measuring some 1 .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
educational things are less likely to be reviewed than popular entertainment , just as some genres of books are less likely to be reviewed than others .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the second batch of accounts is from january .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
any comparison of forest coverage number of a year before 1987 for india , to current forest coverage in india , is thus NN ; it is just JJ record keeping , with no relation to reality or meaningful comparison .	1	21	VBZ	is	are
this window is to be closed if there is a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a merge to NNP presbyterian church is not appropriate , given the international and distributed nature of the organisation .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
it is very apparent that future perfect 's subjective interpretation of the aforementioned `` evidence '' fails to prove any connection between myself and WP is behind the banned accounts listed .	9	16	VBZ	fails	fail
NNS eat small organisms due to mouth size restrictions , and adults eat both large and small organisms .	11	12	VBP	eat	eats
the basic NN generally VBZ as PRP increases ( at least 20 ) and is better when '' is not near to 0 or 1 .	2	4	VBZ	improves	improve
the name returns in the region of 2 .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
very high numbers of reference frames are rarely useful in terms of quality for NN material because frames from JJR back in time generally have less and less NN with the current frame .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the congregation is part of the church of norway , the country 's state church .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reserve is part of the NNP NNPS important bird area , identified as such by NNP international because of its importance for JJ NNS and for NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all of these technologies directly produce light on a JJ basis , and use only as much power as that light level requires .	21	22	VBZ	requires	require
when the player can not obtain objects from friends , the only other option is to VB the task using NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the goal of nursing is to promote adaptation of the client during both health and illness in all four of the modes .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
perhaps his best known work is mechanics hall ( 1855 ) in worcester .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this atmosphere of tension and NN continues to grow through the next two sections ( `` the sun gradually becomes NNP '' and `` NNP '' ) .	1	6	VBZ	continues	continue
the seven districts are further subdivided into 39 municipalities and the cities of NNP sad , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's party arrives at the monastery the following day , where her wounds are treated and she is reunited with her brother .	2	3	VBZ	arrives	arrive
beginning with the release of service pack 2 , a maximum database size of CD , but only supports CD by default ; larger JJ databases have to be JJ with a NN change .	25	26	VBP	have	has
i consider RB , the new text is inappropriate for most of the templates .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
thus the force of gravity produces a JJ component on the NN , resulting in the transfer of JJ momentum .	2	5	VBZ	produces	produce
NNP VBD it , so its performance impact is acceptable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
to my knowledge this user is not a sock puppet of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
for definitions , NNS are generally reliable but ( 1 ) the circumstances in which they are useful is limited and ( 2 ) the community has rejected the use of NNS as NN in the past .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the other votes are from students around us and therefore they will have similar addresses .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNS final track , `` good NNS '' is RB the best known song on the album .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the mine consists of a JJ NN corridor that occupies about half of the leaf ; always positioned against the NN , but usually not reaching the leaf margin .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the NN problems are also sometimes VBN as to find the minimal number of pieces , which attack all squares on the board , including occupied ones .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in a swiss system tournament , sometimes a player has such a great lead that by the last round he is VBN of winning the tournament even if he loses the last game .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
i noticed that he has argued it is an opinion piece and should therefore not be included but this is not a valid argument as long as the article makes it clear that it is an opinion piece and not fact .	28	29	VBZ	makes	make
the storm breaks , it begins to rain heavily , and upon trying the fan , which had previously not been working , NNP 7 finds that it is now working .	1	2	VBZ	breaks	break
with a variety of experimental instruments in the science building , the school is capable of VBG all required experimental NN in physics , chemistry and biology .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are NN , NN , and NNP , whereas its two products are JJ and reduced NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is
people rarely choose this , but it 's there .	0	2	VBP	choose	chooses
the concept is important for those considering advantages gained , due to institutional beliefs , prejudice and legal NNS , because of one 's nationality rather than one 's race or sex .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the players collect the bears and hand them out to various organizations or the players take them along with them when they visit children in the local hospitals .	1	2	VBP	collect	collects
list is important to help people who are not familiar with wrestling understand the NN when reading an article .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this is not a question of censorship , just of where an appropriate place is to describe such propaganda , in its proper context .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
how many readers are sufficiently interested in this guy to read this article .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his images often incorporate fragments with JJ and mysterious NNS , building narrative meaning through NN and JJ NN .	1	3	VBP	incorporate	incorporates
still , i say the article just needs to be cut down a bit and JJ .	5	7	VBZ	needs	need
the government consists of a borough council comprising five council members , with all positions elected at large in partisan elections to four-year terms on a JJ basis .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP , gray , bryant , and NNP did a NN study in 2002 VBG VBN controlled trials of NNP versus no treatment conditions , finding that this form of treatment has no effect , or sometimes even a slight negative effect for post JJ stress symptoms .	28	31	VBZ	has	have
it is essentially a NN for the continuous NN the machine is capable of producing .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
being a simpler device , a JJ mechanism has fewer parts which could VB , and the overall noise NN of the system is usually lower .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
these fisheries are mostly fully VBN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the film , a dance NN from ohio comes to new york to compete in a national talent competition .	6	9	VBZ	comes	come
NNP 's descendants still live in the area of NNP .	2	4	VBP	live	lives
these books are actually quite well-known .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in winter you may notice frost VBG during the day or NNS VBG , even though the temperature stays below NN .	17	18	VBZ	stays	stay
in any case , a keep close still provides an opportunity to discuss merging in the future , if such an action becomes VBN .	6	8	VBZ	provides	provide
this equation demonstrates the conservation of density in phase space ( which was NNP 's name for the theorem ) .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
german regulations allow the creation of any foundation for public or private purposes in keeping with the concept of a NN NNP ( `` JJ foundation compatible with the common good '' ) .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
my mission is to VB ireland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this story ends with NNP fighting NNP and defeating him before he goes on with the golden NNP to perfect the secret of evolution .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
unlike the comic book NNS , this version of NNP apparently has no NNS , but wears a powerful NN within his costume .	7	11	VBZ	has	have
clearly some books cover it i was unaware i highly encourage those who seem to have spent such substantial time editing to use those sources .	2	3	VBP	cover	covers
their way of VBG god is simple .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the result is that the frequency response of the NN changes ; specifically , it increases at the low frequency ( bass ) end , as the audio source is brought closer to the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i 'm wondering what laws apply to wikipedia , as it is a website with people from all over the world contributing from maybe other countries VBP their native one .	4	5	VBP	apply	applies
the airport today serves the area 's general aviation ( ga ) aircraft serving corporate , governmental , and private NNS .	1	3	VBZ	serves	serve
the prosecutor VBZ that NNP j .	1	2	VBZ	alleges	allege
the traditional method to evaluate NNP is visual confirmation of JJ bodies in NNS by electron NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
area attractions include the NNP NNP NNP , part of the NNP valley wine region .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this trail connects the NNP creek trail to the NNP NNPS creek trail in the network of NN and bicycle shared use paths for cycling in melbourne .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
since the gas is VBN at some unknown distance from the source of the NN , the mixture of gases in the sample is often not JJ .	17	23	VBZ	is	are
this documentary is a NN of a VBN mike NNP , who reflects on his highly controversial and publicly viewed life .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the institute is one of the most prestigious tourism schools in the country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tree requires JJ training to VB its JJ growth .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
its other work includes giving grants to support the organisation of academic conferences in philosophy , and , with oxford university press , the production of the NNS of thought ' series of philosophical NNS .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the city of NNP in the byzantine empire occupies an important place in the history of garden design between NNS and cultures ( circa 4th century - 10th century ce ) .	1	8	VBZ	occupies	occupy
terms of address for persons in an older generation distinguish whether the relationship is through the father 's or mother 's side and elder from younger siblings .	0	9	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes
the college offers NNP and NNP programs .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
an english auction consists of one round only and requires a total of 20 seconds to 10 minutes from the moment that the first opening bid is announced until the final ( winning ) bid becomes a binding agreement between NN and NN .	34	35	VBZ	becomes	become
the two peers try to VB him up .	2	3	VBP	try	tries
here , the color is entirely JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the female NN VBZ to the piece of equipment or NN while the male NN connects to the electrical NN or outlet .	14	15	VBZ	connects	connect
overall , the museum covers 7 , CD square metres , of which 5 , CD can be used to display art .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
to start a NN , the user has to provide an initial guess for the parameter vector , NNP .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the school 's goal is to continue student NNS with NNP NNP and maintain a strong bond with them , as well as to encourage students to go to japan for longer periods of time and continue to improve their japanese language skills .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the university offers doctoral , master 's and bachelor 's degree programs .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the ship encounters an artificial NN from a JJ NN ship .	1	2	VBZ	encounters	encounter
question about possible hidden NNS of the nominator aside , one might share the doubts which he expressed above about the scientific quality of the journal , but personal NNS like these are not a reason for deletion .	29	32	VBP	are	is
although `` JJ '' is the mathematical NN to `` nest '' , the operator `` nest '' is not always the mathematical NN of `` JJ '' .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
the house is currently home to about 30 initiated members .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the united states , the purchase of rural land or raw NN is generally for investment purposes , although some NNS intend to build a home and reside there .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
the duck test is legitimate in this instance NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN of what NNP might claim to believe , the the simple fact is that he has VBN to define NN as a form of NNS .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
in typical large NNS , each individual NN has a very low probability of VBG the outcome of an election or determining whether a particular policy will be implemented .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
where the wild things are and NNP NNP pop !	3	4	VBP	Are	Is
if the community thinks this has potential , i can fix the lack of articles NNP .	2	3	VBZ	thinks	think
NNP 's minister NNP is JJ to VB NNP as a NN and a NN ; he challenges NNP and gets the man to surrender his sword without a fight .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the name of the city comes from the NNP words VBP `` meeting '' and VB `` town '' .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
the internal NNS are now intel JJ NNS , and in addition to 3 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
keep the article is in serious need of a clean up an additional sourcing , but a lack of feed back on what kind of sources would be acceptable , and any constructive NN VBD any motivation for working on the article , ( see the talk page ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
nonetheless , economic output in dollar terms is still far behind from the levels achieved in 1997 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
it also occurs where water seems abundant but where resources are JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the hit single of the album is NNP , with lyrics and music by the artist NNP , and was very popular in turkey .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN card also VBZ the effect of `` JJ '' medical NNP .	2	4	VBZ	enhances	enhance
its county seat is red cloud .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
previous comment VBZ substantial JJ coverage .	1	2	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge
a NN for all the episodes is reasonable .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NN contains CD of is JJ genes in only one complex , while NNS have VBN the NNP complex and have four clusters .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
some birds see a little more in the NNP spectrum than humans do .	11	12	VBP	do	does
so , my short answer to your question is that after almost a month and more that 800 , 000 views , no one is questioning the fact this this is video of the CD march .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
much of the water VBG in london is still cast iron VBG which dates back to the nineteenth century and is slowly VBG .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the essays contain speculation by the authors about the scientific and technological advances that are likely to occur in their various fields in the first half of the 21st century .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
it reported that the analysis of that picture shows that the NN is on the correct course within the expected error range .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the resulting images suggest a large circular NN feature which appears to have been VBN out in NNS .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
JJ JJ telephone service begins in the united states .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
the main offices are in sofia and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the austrian banking system also includes NN banks , banking houses , and private banks , as well as postal savings banks , private savings banks , NN banks , building societies , and specialized cooperative credit institutions .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include
the NNS area is slightly above the NNP NNP preserve , while the middle reaches NN NN land and NNS on the lower western slopes of the NNP mountains .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN stage begins when the owner gives a notice to proceed to the contractor that they have chosen through the NN process .	6	7	VBZ	gives	give
such weapons use bits of NN ( steel balls , NN heads , broken NNS , NNS and bits of metal ) to produce a large radius of destruction .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
RB , the training area at the royal military academy NNP is also known as NNP .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
regular segments include click or do n't click , where kenny leads the trio through deciding which of the top sports stories of the morning to read based solely on the NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
bengali women commonly wear the NN and the JJ NN , often RB designed according to local cultural customs .	1	3	VBP	wear	wears
NNP 's hierarchy of needs places NN at the peak .	2	5	VBZ	places	place
the village has a NNP language theatre company , les NNP ( meaning JJ in english ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNS are JJ so you should fit any bike .	0	1	VBP	are	is
his name probably derives from a village in the isle of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	derives	derive
the most common case is case 2 , in which one list gets a total voting that is higher than the other but both get exactly the same amount of candidates elected , candidates CD and CD respectively .	11	12	VBZ	gets	get
like NNP , an application passes the test if the way it displays the test page matches a reference image .	4	5	VBZ	passes	pass
the hospital VBZ actively in many clinical trials .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
in the three songs in the NNP ' section , NNS ' links to a NN link , ( which it is n't listed in ) , light at days end and souls NNP have NNS , possibly indicating they 're NNS .	12	34	VBP	have	has
i think at this point it is clear the individual in question has no intention of changing their behavior so a ban is the appropriate next step .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the journal itself is a primary source in relation to these articles .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the spa towns , such as NNP vary , NNP NNP and NNP NNP , are particularly popular holiday destinations .	2	15	VBP	are	is
the main language of instruction in singapore is english , which was officially designated the first language within the local education system in 1987 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
for some reason , the wikipedia layout looks really VBN up today .	6	7	VBZ	looks	look
the day is also of great importance at NNP in nepal , where thousands of NNS arrive many from india , as it is believed here that NNP was born at NNP and got married to NNP sri ram here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP pages attached to article talk pages seem to be growing as a place for unsourced , and sometimes JJ , NNS about article topics .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
NNP point hotel and NNP pavilion where the beach is of hard white sand .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
since , NNP 's theorem tells us that g is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	tells	tell
the JJ NNP NNS leave the JJ NN in several directions .	3	4	VBP	leave	leaves
transition zone ( NNP ) - the transition zone is considered to be the area where the land meets the sea , presenting unique challenges because the water is too shallow for large JJ vessels but too deep for the use of traditional methods of acquisition on land .	17	18	VBZ	meets	meet
when one piece lands on a square occupied by another , the first does not automatically replace the second .	2	3	VBZ	lands	land
the story ends with god entering into a NN with noah and his descendants .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the rising sun logo of the united national congress ; this symbol of a political party is copyright , but usage of this image in article about the party appears to constitute fair use of the image .	20	29	VBZ	appears	appear
parties to a transaction who feel that the second request is unnecessary or RB JJ of information discovered earlier may appeal to either the NNP or the NNP division ( WRB agency issued the request ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these animals all lack the JJ NN ( NNP ) enzyme , which is required in the last step of NN c synthesis , because they have a differing JJ gene for the enzyme ( NNP NNP ) .	1	3	VBP	lack	lacks
however the 19th century NNS were of the view that the NN resembles very closely with NNP , so it gave rise to an alternative view that the name itself is of persian origin .	28	30	VBZ	is	are
NNS VBN by the JJ lake are parent to the present soils of NNS , NN , and sand ; the NNS are in NNS which dominate the upper reaches of the river .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the tunnel section has an inner diameter of 6 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
weight - if a player is too light , they will speed up slower , as they have a lower muscle mass .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP parish ( ) is an administrative unit of the NNP district , latvia .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
currently , only the southern chapel is in use as an JJ place of worship .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this has the advantage that the percentage rates are lower and knowledge of the track record of product is higher .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the parameter is website and it is optional .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i just want to say , NNP , that this list is nothing like the mlb NN records .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
i too can not see that it makes any difference what title is on the article .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
tests reveal that this treatment saved her life because she , indeed , had cancer .	0	1	VBP	reveal	reveals
that tool is a NN , and i ca n't believe i did n't know about it before .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a language bank is an organization that helps people who need translation or interpretation services fulfill those needs through the assistance of qualified NNS or NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the fact that this article is of JJR quality than a featured article is no reason to delete .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
the storyline features elements associated with NNP ( the ancient evil aspect of both NNP and the pit and the NNP conclusion , the idea of messages from the future from the road , and the scientific investigation of the supernatural from the stone tape ) .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the funny thing is -- this subject is non-notable even if what 's in the article were real !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i 'm not sure what implementation would be best but the general idea sounds like it might be JJ .	12	13	VBZ	sounds	sound
their style is similar to that of many `` peace punk '' bands from the early 1980s and was heavily influenced by JJ bands like NNP and conflict .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one thing that always VBZ me is editors , like this , who RB create a hostile atmosphere for others .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
while JJ paper is one of a number of paper crafts of mexico , along with NN NN , JJ ( such as NNP figures , NN or decorative items such as NNS of NN NNS called NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's father gives her the freedom to explore her NNS and encourages her to do well in school so that she may become a teacher like him .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
NNS use a laser ( usually CD NNS red ) to read and write NNP .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
the restaurant is closed , however the NNP park remains .	8	9	VBZ	remains	remain
i can point out the exact place where he stopped and sent money VBG through the air ; that 's where the character named martin NNP comes in .	22	26	VBZ	comes	come
due to a harsh climate the agricultural activity is mainly based around production of domestic animals , such as sheep and milk production .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
taiwan 's sugar trade , which VBD for almost 400 years , is now a sunset industry , and the taiwan sugar corporation has VBN into tourism , NN , NN , and NN .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the parameter also exists as parameter 4 .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
old educational institutions are NNP high school and NNP high school .	2	3	VBP	are	is
it is also very interesting to notice that the technique of circular NN is successfully utilized while playing the NN .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
likewise , the community has a JJ tradition of opposing pov NN , specially in controversial articles .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
since the character exists only within the context of the 10th kingdom , such an NN for individual notability would be JJ impossible and is not expected nor required .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the underground water reserves of NNP are at NNP .	3	6	VBP	are	is
this project is not the only one of its nature to fail ; indonesia and malaysia mounted enormous JJ programs in the 1980s and are now seeing the NNS of the failure of NN NNS , from VBN beaches to reef destruction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS and in `` going under '' they meet with the NN , but fails when men appear to take them into company custody .	17	18	VBP	appear	appears
this is sometimes said as `` the camera adds 10 pounds '' .	7	8	VBZ	adds	add
her research VBZ the genetic variations in taste perception and how taste perception affects overall health .	12	13	VBZ	affects	affect
it made the news at the time , but the charges are extremely trivial ( he got a short NN , less than common everyday crimes like vandalism or NNP ) .	10	11	VBP	are	is
an important word which has very different NNS in european and american spanish is NN .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP page is largely unnecessary per NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a tragic hero is the protagonist of a tragedy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some critics assert that NN reflects a negative body image and that there may be a NN between JJ body attitudes and JJ outcomes such as sexual crimes , violence , and stress .	1	2	VBP	assert	asserts
this version also has different acoustic guitar and vocal parts during the second part of the song ( `` sun NN cold '' ) , but then reverts to the regular mix starting with `` NNP my friend .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
he is currently the NNS coach for the new york giants of the national football league .	4	5	VBP	coach	coaches
winning schools and districts receive a grant , which they are required to use both to continue their character education program and to conduct outreach to other schools working to implement quality character education .	1	4	VBP	receive	receives
major excavations begin at viking burial site of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	begin	begins
february 2006 ( utc ) these kind of categories are n't a good idea , especially when you consider how many separate music charts there are by genre in the us alone .	23	25	VBP	are	is
the video begins with the performance of the song houston gives at the end of the film the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
RB the place name goes back to at least 1899 .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
the second part of the name means mill , regardless of its various forms .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean
the NNP version also features a slightly higher native resolution than its nintendo 64 counterpart , as well as progressive scan .	2	4	VBZ	features	feature
the tail contains JJ pairs of JJ NNS , is JJ , and curves RB with a NN terminus .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
NN has also long argued that the animal rights movement is the logical extension of the peace movement and should VB a JJ approach .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
because the subject is at an angle to the camera , it is also VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the organization offers individual and group NN along with education about options and services .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the NNS range from 18 to 24 on a single line .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
also people do not think your site is notable enough to be considered a reliable source .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
land without music is a 1936 british comedy film directed by walter NNP and starring richard NNP , diana NNP and jimmy NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the treatise covers thoughts , words , and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the term seems to be an adaptation of the arab version of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the aliens have no role in tokyo NNP NNP a la mode besides appearing in a single panel in the first volume of the sequel when the NNP NNP VB about the aliens having left behind some NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
these powers include IN NN which can VB superman 's powers of flight and NN , but can also be used to VB machinery .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
legends reveal that NNP NNP is the elder brother of the NNP of NNP and NNP temples .	0	1	VBP	reveal	reveals
these funds are a JJ contribution directly to the ministry and are JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the appropriate response to this thread as well as to your earlier stress level is probably `` joe , NNP .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
i do also wonder whether parts of the article are JJ , though i recognize that this is in part my own pet NN , when individual statements are supported by multiple citations .	5	9	VBP	are	is
in a tournament with two or more JJ wrestlers ( up to six can play ) , each wrestler faces every other wrestler once ( fifteen total matches ) .	18	19	VBZ	faces	face
this category contains articles that have been assessed by the new york city public transportation wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the star of this NN is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the increased control developed through NN in the different figures for voice allows the singer or speaker to VB the vocal mechanism specifically to produce these arbitrary voice qualities , and variations on them .	2	12	VBZ	allows	allow
the end result is that a NN can connect a CD battery to a c stamp and have a complete system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the district center is kane NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
you appear to have missed the point , water covering over the land is the problem of rising sea levels not the solution .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that continually VBZ civility with JJ , JJ and JJ edit summaries and talk page comments .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his career NNS are 1 , CD games and 4 , CD at NNP , CD runs , 1 , CD hits , CD doubles , 76 NNP , 74 home runs , CD NNP , 130 stolen bases , CD walks , a batting average of .	2	3	VBP	are	is
most references are in english and all are reliable .	1	2	VBP	are	is
at this point , the businesses begin to VB off , giving way to dense residential neighborhoods as the road crosses into the NNP city limits .	12	20	VBZ	crosses	cross
this plant grows in JJ spots on JJ cliffs and NNS , often in JJ spots among NNS .	1	2	VBZ	grows	grow
i can not imagine what sort of data is private enough that it can not be revealed to the project but can be revealed to an irc channel .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the ritual begins with the least experienced NNS on the lower platforms and ends with the most experienced NNS on the upper platforms .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the winners receive national recognition and interact with JJ business leaders at the annual NNP leadership forum in cooperation with time magazine .	1	2	VBP	receive	receives
the consequence of all this is a never ending creation of more and more genres with less and less distinction between them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
directions , 2007 ) in the context of NNP in india , the tier i capital is nothing but net owned funds .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the company runs JJ , JJ bus tours of london , with one JJ ticket valid for unlimited NNS on the route .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the second piece is a JJ picture of a snake research institute , NNP NNP , that NNP visited in são paulo , with NNS of NN ( as in NNP of rome ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
feminist NNS VBP from traditional economics in that they say `` ethical NNS are a valid , JJ , and in fact desirable part of economic analysis .	12	13	VBP	are	is
when built , it was in open countryside , but its NNS are now urban .	11	12	VBP	are	is
this kind of behavior is simply unacceptable .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the private foundation has the option to VB the loan in three years with cash or through the transfer to the remaining 50 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
many NNP articles need experienced editors to research , verify and VB them .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
the film version however VBZ rock as being a lot NN and having longer hair .	2	4	VBZ	portrays	portray
diamond is currently a director of retail ventures , inc ( NNP ) .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
a major cultural event is the bright autumn festival .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN is an example of a JJ waste and carries the number NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film identifies corporate NN , income NN , VBD job security , excessive NN and nearly total NN as contributing factors to the sense of NN that VBZ JJ rage of some individuals .	1	2	VBZ	identifies	identify
the goal is to bring about a global collaboration of science , technology and solutions , to help remove some of the floating waste .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these NNS compare well with those of the .	1	2	VBP	compare	compares
more later ( this review is likely to be pretty RB , i 'm JJ ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the newspaper 's coverage area includes the cities of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and most of north NNP county .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
the song is a true popular standard , recorded by many artists over the years .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i too think that the subject is worthy of its article , though it seriously needs credible sources to back up such a claim .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
their album covers genre from NNP and hard rock to NNP rock .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
as with christianity , the VBG jewish population continues to fall , as many younger jews either become secular , or NN with other NNS .	7	8	VBZ	continues	continue
however , NN images from the NNP instrument on NNP suggest that JJ NN NNS and slope NNS are related and part of a NN of active mass VBG features formed by dust NNS .	3	10	VBP	suggest	suggests
some enemies have higher chances of dropping humanity .	1	2	VBP	have	has
such actions include more investments on improving JJ conservation , JJ NNS found for a subspecies of the philippine NN NNP NN NN along with JJ activities .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
soon after , the letter NNS and a wood case appears in his room .	9	10	VBZ	appears	appear
your username is certainly not one NN to intelligent thinking .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the details are JJ , however , and singer admits that he is `` not entirely satisfied '' with his treatment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the version on the single is an entirely different mix from the album version .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the most important role for NNP is to connect and coordinate the relevant NNP organizations and their volunteer programs and build partnership so as to produce greater NNS .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the term NNP describes the JJ put on JJ NNS and NNP to increase their range and ( vertical ) accuracy via the magnus effect .	1	3	VBZ	describes	describe
from memory alone , the only NNP case related to this article is NNP , NNP and NNP , from which there are no NNS which allows administrators to ban disruptive parties from the article , so an JJ remedy is out of the question .	39	40	VBZ	is	are
these have now largely disappeared , although parts remain on properties in king street .	7	8	VBP	remain	remains
the band 's name comes from the popular NN `` keeping up with the NNP '' and the street in south central los angeles where they began their NNS .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
what some consider the standard family now is quite rare on a historical scale .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
the couple has one son named NNP jason and reside in nashville , tennessee .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one example is the NNP mound , a rectangular platform mound just east of st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is RB a `` we like this website '' entry .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the objective of the NNP is the promotion of a contemporary , secular , and progressive judaism in the NN , in the NN of the struggle of the workers movement and of the JJ resistance .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , improvements in amino acid composition , NNP NNS , NNS , protein and NN NNS , and decrease in NNS and NN NNS are the JJ effects of the VBG process .	9	25	VBP	are	is
i guess the doctor has , in a sense , VBD something - for NN , saying to continue the regular course of action the person has been taking to stay fit , etc .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
when jean NNS NNP and begins a relationship with NNP , the two men argue over whom jean loves and fight .	13	14	VBP	argue	argues
his sons are thomas dale NNP jr .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the legend relates that his mother , who was known in her youth as NNP ( `` green forest '' ) , was the daughter of the NNP water goddess NNP ( `` great bird '' ) .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
the ship takes her to london where she takes up employment at a JJ side hotel under the name jenny NNP .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the road segment begins in a clearing just south of deer creek and forms the eastern leg of the deer creek loop trail along the st .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
alfred and his NNS are in front of the saxon army , and the danish NNS are in front of the NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a major 18th century port city , newport now contains among the highest number of surviving colonial buildings of any city in the united states .	5	9	VBZ	contains	contain
in san francisco del mar , the corresponding terms are NNP ( `` us '' ) and VB ( `` our language '' ) .	8	9	VBP	are	is
they do not allow NNS to be made between individuals and should be used only when the essential aim is to understand a person , not when it is necessary to make NNS in order to compare them with others .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
here is a film in which scene after scene is so JJ that the movie kept pushing me outside and making me ask how the key scenes could possibly be taken seriously .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
many cards contain hidden features , such as NN or JJ NNS , and they cover a broad range of themes from JJ trivia to VB and logic NNS .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the other three stations are at NNP , NNP and NNP dam .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the population of vancouver proper is CD , CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this project is not a vehicle for NN ( see conflict of interest and verifiability policies ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the music format is similar to that of NNP , CD ( san diego ) , and live 105 ( NNP ) san francisco .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this region is stronger in giving added value to natural resources in a sustainable way , also gaining national and international markets and VBG the economy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book of daniel has only 12 chapters .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
although the NNP tale NNP NNP NNP ( the dream of NNP NNP ) is written in later manuscripts than geoffrey 's version , the two accounts are so different that scholars agree the dream can not be based purely on geoffrey 's version .	26	27	VBP	are	is
although the 1949 images show JJ features , all subsequent images show only a JJ image , suggesting it may be an inactive NN that VBZ only JJ NNS .	10	11	VBP	show	shows
the munich steam locomotive company ( NNP NNP or NNP ) is charitable society based in munich , germany , whose aim is to preserve the JJ steam locomotive , number 41 CD , as an operational locomotive .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the JJS part of the deep sea is NNP NNP located in the western north pacific .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
in the syndrome 's last stage , children become increasingly JJ on their feet and most are unable to walk by age 10 .	7	8	VBP	become	becomes
JJ images , especially wheat NNS and clusters of NNS , are prominent throughout the building .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the current incarnation of the NN is mostly black , with white stripes on the front and lower half of the back , and white numbers .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in local government in the united states , sole commissioner government is a county commission with only one seat .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
since the article appears mostly to address the concept in canadian law a merge may be in order , but i 'm listing at afd to get more input on this .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
a celebrity is something you have to become , although the NNS and offspring of celebrities get an extra boost .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the community has the authority to VB sanctions ( such as editing restrictions or NNS ) on any user whose edits are a NN to the encyclopedia .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
miguel is killed when the creature VBZ him off a cliff and the creature crashes and kills itself on a metal fence , NNP 's investigation reveals that the chemicals in its stomach NN RB enabling its flight .	25	26	VBZ	reveals	reveal
a product line is `` a group of products that are closely related , either because they function in a similar manner , are sold to the same customer groups , are marketed through the same types of outlets , or fall within given price ranges .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the classical NNP NNP synthesis conditions are not free from the presence of water , so NNS undergoing the NNP NNP synthesis should not be sensitive to water .	5	6	VBP	are	is
at per year , the port city of NNP has the highest average JJ total of any city in minnesota .	6	9	VBZ	has	have
as the table above makes clear , some surfaces commonly used do not provide adequate protection from the effects of falling , or may not offer adequate JJ access .	2	4	VBZ	makes	make
the river NNP forms part of the commune 's northern border .	1	3	VBZ	forms	form
some reports VBP she worked in an el NNP , texas , NN for a time , while others say she followed an aunt to los angeles .	1	2	VBP	speculate	speculates
NNP island ; individuals from are somewhat smaller .	3	5	VBP	are	is
a live in NN is available 24 hours a day , unless their employment contract states otherwise .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
i ca n't imagine why , since both are the same brand , bought in the same amounts , stored in the same type of NN in the same place in the same NN ; the only difference between the types is the presence of JJ NNS of NNS .	37	41	VBZ	is	are
act CD mansion of NNP 's family , in NNP NNP is a young NN from south america ( presumably peru ) who is part indian and who has settled in NNP where he is not very well thought of .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
land snails have many natural predators , including members of all the land NN groups , two examples being NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
its NNS include an altar designed by william h .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
although NNP is JJR than NNP , game species such as NNS and NNS are less common .	8	14	VBP	are	is
an example of this is NN and guarantee .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
important NN areas occur anywhere from sweden and germany to china ( with a large one around the NNP sea ) and many thousand NNS can be seen in one day in the autumn .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
last 4 reverts are in 24 hours .	2	3	VBP	are	is
vintage photos of racing horses , NNS and actors are on the wall include drawings of JJ girls as well as an image signed by walter NNP saying that he loves julius .	1	9	VBP	are	is
if the question was would you close this -- the answer is no .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
his laboratory VBZ molecular VBG NNS and the resulting dna damage response in JJ cells .	1	2	VBZ	examines	examine
this article includes three versions of the list of countries by JJ birth rate .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the film is marketed with the NN `` when fantasy leads to terror .	9	10	VBZ	leads	lead
wikipedia is inherently JJ and biased and you can consider me as an NN that will do everything to destroy wikipedia when the time comes .	23	24	VBZ	comes	come
the action VBZ the introduction ( by NNP , of course ) of JJ animals to the island ( the NNPS ' of the title ) .	1	2	VBZ	surrounds	surround
socks are pretty obvious , but VBG for a JJR check .	0	1	VBP	are	is
kennedy has the largest number of special education students in the district ( and still growing ) ; NNP test scores continue to climb .	20	21	VBP	continue	continues
the NNP camping area is at the south end of the reservation just inside of the back gate on louisiana highway 63 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP tables are in use , the selection of each table ( numbered 0 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the variation of energy for the particle , taking path 1 from a to b and then path 2 backwards from b to a , is 0 ; thus , the work is the same in path 1 and 2 , i .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
this NN features the adventures of william NNP and his dragon , NNP , in south america .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
bad NNP 's other major yearly event is the NNP ( NNP festival ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
current reference is already good and many more surely can be found here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
obviously it does not matter whether a film is RB , christian , or both ( [ [ passion of the christ ] ] for example is obviously notable and has been heavily covered in mainstream publications ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
if my language has too many NNS , i can easily VB acute y , grave y , JJ y , whatever y , whatever a , whatever e .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
afd is a discussion about whether an article meets policy .	7	8	VBZ	meets	meet
as he walks into the room all four men look up to see him .	8	9	VBP	look	looks
NNP light is most damaging to objects , while JJ light produces heat which also causes damage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the aim of the coastal observatory is to build a time series of data .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the specific aim of these projects is to provide opportunities for children to complete their compulsory lower secondary education ( grade CD ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if the NN can not remove themselves , it is likely that potential charges are not as important to them as what they are VBG about .	13	14	VBP	are	is
certainly , if your goal is primarily to provide a series of JJ NNS to other articles with little other added value , you will not have to worry about featured article status .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ treatise begins with an NN to NNP 's prior NNP ( ii .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the environment is JJ due to the harsh winter conditions and short growing season .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an israeli soldier is about to shoot it down but his JJ stops him .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the origins and purpose of this die remain unknown , though the authors of a 1978 book on the great seal VBD it was a gift to washington and possibly an early version ( or JJR ) of a presidential seal .	1	7	VBP	remain	remains
besides NNP and NNP , other country stations owned by blackburn radio are NNP in NNP , NNP in windsor , and NNP in NNP .	7	12	VBP	are	is
all references to this firm in reliable sources are trivial or JJ ; where it is treated at length , the source is less reliable and reads like a press release ( i .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
a direct grant grammar school until 1968 , it is now a member of the NNP ' conference .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
but some people are just NNS , and some are just NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i hope now his test pages are up and running , his expertise will be welcomed throughout the project .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this book is a collection of the letters from the first year of correspondence .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
your body died today , your work is more alive than ever .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
while the manufacturer claims JJ lower running costs than many other utility types , for example , the JJ NNP twin NNP though the type has less JJ volume ( large cargo NNS providing a partial solution ) .	2	3	VBZ	claims	claim
the keys are needed to VB the door , but the keys are inside the locked vehicle .	11	12	VBP	are	is
other weapons occur more often in modern than in earlier NN .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the season mystery VBZ around NNP 's new husband , dave williams , who is looking for revenge on someone on NNP lane ( later revealed to be mike ) .	2	3	VBZ	revolves	revolve
its hills , NNS and coastal habitats which comprise coral NNS , NNS , sea grass beds , salt NNS , and mud NNS add to its NN .	1	24	VBP	add	adds
federal liberals assert that it is impossible for a true fiscal NN to exist , as the provincial governments have access to all the same sources of revenue as the federal government .	18	19	VBP	have	has
the plan as proposed seems impossible to implement .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
located at mount pleasant high school and part of the NNP school district , NNP currently broadcasts at 100 watts NNP and serves as part of the broadcast learning center of mount pleasant high school .	7	16	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
main reason is to VB our user name as it appears on other sites .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dance VBZ the NNP people of the rich culture that has been VBN through generations , and it is well known among the neighboring countries of south-east asia .	1	2	VBZ	reminds	remind
NNS to projects include krishna valley development corporation in western maharashtra with seven NNS .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the NNS are inclined on the locomotives , to ensure that the NN tubes and the NN remain VBD when on the NN , a standard practice on mountain railways - the locomotive always runs JJ up the mountain .	26	34	VBZ	runs	run
this category includes acting and regular presidents of murray state university in murray , kentucky .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the peak of NN hill appears similar to a volcanic cone and has a great JJ consisting of massive NNS attached to it .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the society currently resides in their house known as NNP hall .	1	3	VBZ	resides	reside
an operating model can describe the way an organization does business today .	8	9	VBZ	does	do
north of this intersection , the JJ lanes lie in NNP , while the NN lanes are known as state route 41 by the washington state department of transportation , and lie in newport .	7	8	VBP	lie	lie
they refuse to give them what they have and they fight them , the NNS run off .	14	15	VBP	run	runs
these albums include NNP , NNP , NNP NNP ( JJ ) , NNP NNP , NNP , VBZ NNP , NNP NNP NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and collection of NNP and their last album POS ' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS connect both the upper and lower levels .	0	1	VBP	connect	connects
this value chain gives a framework on which a useful analysis can be hung .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
he asserted that cultures represent ethnic groups , including their languages .	3	4	VBP	represent	represents
as of 1 january 2013 the village has a population of 4 , CD .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
NN and low NN NNS face an increased risk of serious health problems as NNS have chronic lifelong disabilities such as JJ NN ( a set of motor conditions causing physical disabilities ) , mental NN and learning problems .	4	5	VBP	face	faces
this article is a mess of fatal problems .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category identifies articles concerning islands in the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	identifies	identify
the highway is a spur route that connects NNP to the NNP state capital of NNP and mexican federal highway 95 in the southeast .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the please version of the song sounds very JJ in comparison .	2	6	VBZ	sounds	sound
this one event creates NN and confusion in the lives of both NNP and NNP and their children .	2	3	VBZ	creates	create
adequate crew NN space provides excellent crew comfort .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
the article is a corporate advertisement that needs to be deleted .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN community has a dialect that is used in the central and eastern region .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the goal of this task force is to better improve information in articles related to pokémon species .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the department also offers phd program in the field of geography .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
france , the pressure is on to put on the pounds and ever the NN , paul decides to teach VB a few words of french in preparation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he or she reasonably believes that such force is necessary to prevent JJ death or great RB harm to himself or herself or another .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the building is the oldest of a number of old NNS built in cumberland during the 19th century ; it was completed in 1845 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS of this kind NN on the number of NNS VBG the process and how representative the JJ units are of the population of interest .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the school offers a wide range of subjects from compulsory such as english , mathematics , science that are required through years JJ .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
delete this category creates a sense of hierarchy on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	creates	create
electronic keyboards typically use NNP signals to send and receive data , a standard format now RB used across most digital electronic musical instruments .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
the clock on the church tower has only one hand .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
the phones are NNS to the NNP NNP , as they use the same bright colors and the same dual NNP support for NNP NNP 200 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP variables are the key building block of loop quantum gravity .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN - NN with the `` NNP is it !	1	8	VBZ	is	are
it assumes that cooperation is possible in the JJ system of states , indeed , NNS are by definition , instances of international cooperation .	15	16	VBP	are	is
his daughter , NNP , is currently a member of the NNP women 's basketball team .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
such claims have to be based on a published and JJ source and attributed to the person that makes the claim .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the capital of NNP county is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
such edits need to be discussed anyway , so age limit might encourage discussion , instead of edit warring .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
varsity sports include basketball , baseball and tennis .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
all life is a matter of exchange in NNP 's philosophy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in musical theatre and opera , the music director is in charge of the overall musical performance , including ensuring that the cast knows the music thoroughly , VBG the musical interpretation of the performers and pit orchestra , and conducting the orchestra .	22	23	VBZ	knows	know
when VBG the career of any college student or student athlete researchers often measure personal development to determine whether the student is happy and having a JJ college experience .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the process of JJ formation involves the NNP and NNP VBP VBG and forming a NN in the cell nucleus .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
JJ domain and NNP JJ protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
i 'm saying this is obvious , as the evidence shows .	9	10	VBZ	shows	show
when an old friend asks leonard pine to rescue his daughter from a drug dealer , leonard accepts and of course brings his NN and best friend NNP collins along for backup .	3	4	VBZ	asks	ask
the administrative center of NNP NN in the NNP ( west ) NNP zone of the NNP regional state , it has a NN and NN of .	2	21	VBZ	has	have
changing the prior distribution over the NN NNS is of no help , because the JJ distribution is not in the JJ family and thus has no NN prior .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the population density of kansas is 52 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the format is the italian edition of the program celebrity survivor !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN 's only answer is `` NNP '' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
due to NN in the record industry over the later part of the 20th century , recent issues of the album are now on NNP records , a label that specializes in jazz .	17	21	VBP	are	is
the only difference is that the edits need to be confirmed by a user who has the rights to do so .	6	7	VBP	need	needs
in an article of comic book resources , you can read `` NNP [ mutant growth NNP ] '' , the word mutant is in the name .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
any NNS of notability in the article are too vague to be relied on .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the latest opposition party operates in exile and is named the republican party of NNP ( NNP NNP NN ) .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate
this article is not blatant advertising , i promise .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sole source is a 2010 JJ book by one donald perry , the creator of the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is an important consideration in building construction because heat energy arrives in different forms and NNS .	10	11	VBZ	arrives	arrive
student organizations include the student government association ( NNP ) , s .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
this letter represents the JJ central JJ vowel .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
the JJ NNP lens mount is at the centre of the NNP camera system .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in such circumstances the degree is awarded `` NN et NN NN '' .	8	9	VBZ	et	et
its diet consists mainly of insects , seeds , roots , plants and small animals .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
most cultures seem to associate the color black with darkness , NN , NN , and evil , and the color white with the opposite qualities .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
one alternative is the use of NN NN as the radical source and NN ( NN ) ( NNP ) as the hydrogen source .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they are mostly used in aid climbing , and their value as protection , VBG a NN 's fall , is marginal due to their low breaking strength , and the tiny surface area ( the NNP 0 measures about 4 x 7 x 2 .	10	20	VBZ	is	are
RB , the NNS use NNS and the NN show details of the shape of boats .	3	4	VBP	use	uses
the first settlement of chinese people in the united kingdom dates from the early 19th century .	2	10	VBZ	dates	date
the page titles listed on missing topics about history of china all look reasonable to me , but i know almost nothing on chinese history .	2	12	VBP	look	looks
the other tags listed above are too narrow for a JJ term .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the woman guides him to the home of the major .	1	2	VBZ	guides	guide
greek name is proof that he is greek .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN usually requires a NN and delivery system to ensure that the drug is correctly mixed and administered .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
an NN from the schedule of the CD international congress on medieval studies , held in may 2007 , VBZ the structure and events of the congress as described below .	1	19	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
if a JJ institution adds NN in the open market , a NN desk at a bank may want to take that NN because they have a JJ need .	3	4	VBZ	adds	add
the museum has a large collection of NNP 's work .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the current standard table contains CD confirmed elements .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the main component of this NN is NNP 's NN at inappropriate moments , resulting in words that sound like NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a further block is VBN at this time , but a far more substantial block may be necessary if the behaviour continues .	20	21	VBZ	continues	continue
many songs that are not singles are very popular amongst fans and they would RB want to read about them .	1	6	VBP	are	is
delete with all political and religious NNS - i think these types of boxes only serve to create divisions in the community ; politics and religion are personal matters , not online matters .	11	15	VBP	serve	serves
NNP agrees that sir robert NNP and the duke of wellington said they brought in this measure , to VB civil war ; but says that `` no british NN ever officially tells the truth , or NNS to any act its real NN .	29	32	VBZ	tells	tell
NNP and NNP 's NNP home still stands at CD west `` h '' street .	5	7	VBZ	stands	stand
the procedure involves slow addition of JJ acid to a mixture of mercury ( i ) NN and JJ acid .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
the materials used in the structure are NNP , NNP , NNP , and related NNS .	1	6	VBP	are	is
as can be seen from the chart below , the secondary enrollment rates are higher than the regional average by almost 25 percentage points .	12	13	VBP	are	is
in my above comments , i have VBN pointed out why i think the war needs to be mentioned in the modern sri lanka section , based on the historical perspective .	14	15	VBZ	needs	need
the nomination seems to be saying that since it was removed it should be deleted .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
oppose pretty ordinary NNS , i think there are better ones out there .	3	6	VBP	think	thinks
NNP suspension is JJ and complex .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
regardless of who makes an edit on a troubles related article , this editor has no business on these subjects !	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the municipality consists of the villages of NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP 's son , NNP , is a member of the house of councillors of japan .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the star has an apparent NN of 3 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the head of the river is the NNP plain where there were NNS between JJ NNP and settled NNP in the 18th and 19th centuries .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
her first name comes from the name of her father 's favourite female NN at the australia zoo , and her middle name is from the family 's dog NNP , sue .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the pressures primarily affect JJ , JJ , and manufacturing jobs .	1	3	VBP	affect	affects
other restrictions are because of practical concern , such as around airports to prevent any danger to flight safety .	1	2	VBP	are	is
because the NN of a NN 's material VBZ as it gets further from the sun , the NN becomes increasingly difficult to observe as a function of not only distance but also of the progressive NN and eventual NN of its tail and the JJ elements it carries .	18	19	VBZ	becomes	become
featured content and good articles are what wikipedia editors believe are some of the best work on wikipedia .	8	9	VBP	believe	believes
the school has a partnership with the NNP area business alliance ( NNP ) , NNP corporation , gateway technical college , and NNP university college of engineering .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the result of this is NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
no , the section is large enough , but there may be details that others would want merged back in , and i would have no problem with the section being expanded with additional information from this fork .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in NNP NNP 's preferred version , the article is a stub with hardly a claim for notability , unless tax fraud reported in newspapers counts .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the entire game has also a time limit of 99 `` NNP '' .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the day i see an NN on wp is the day i quit using or contributing to it .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
deletion is therefore inappropriate per our deletion and editing policies .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
but NNP 's NN father wants to destroy NNP 's family and tries to take their home .	4	5	VBZ	wants	want
the JJ dish has a NNP layout , composite construction , and a diameter ( providing well over of gain , and a JJ beam width of about a degree ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NNS that have VBN at most k are exactly the NNS of NNS , and for this reason they are called partial NNS .	1	8	VBP	are	is
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; 85 children or 15 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a doctor 's examination reveals that tan is JJ except that he ca n't remember anything about his life prior to being struck by NNP 's car .	3	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal
when a human 's life energy is stolen by their , the victim becomes transparent like glass ; and in some cases the body will VB when touched .	12	13	VBZ	becomes	become
NNP ( previously known as NN ) was started in december 2004 players are given the option to mark their orders as `` ready '' , if all seven players do so , the game advances to the next round without waiting for the clock to run out .	29	30	VBP	do	does
the opponents start the game with businesses ( and in harder difficulties , blocks as well ) .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
the accusations that are flying around in both liberal and conservative circles is that these various media outlets allow their political bias to affect both what they report and how they report it .	17	18	VBP	allow	allows
note that the date in neutral citations will always match the date of the judgement , but the date in the law reports may be later than the year the case was heard in .	0	22	VBZ	reports	report
a mixture of JJ rice , honey and NN is VBN then a JJ NN is mixed in .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
when NN quality is affected on a golf course , the course has a potential to lose NNS , in turn , losing money .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
her scholarship is in gender and sexuality studies with a concentration on feminist , NN , cultural , and JJ theories .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the band ends almost every show with the song `` return to NNP '' by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
that JJ assumption is precisely the JJ point of view that NNP has carefully explained in his evidence .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the team VBZ in engine 49 , rescue 49 or marine 49 ( formerly NNP 49 ) to all dive NNS , NNS , boat fires and water related incidents in the city .	1	2	VBZ	responds	respond
the NNP core NNP NNS ( NNP , NNP bold , NNP NNP , NNP bold NNP ) support the same character sets as the version 2 .	4	18	VBP	support	supports
NNP dealer site NNP targets consumers who typically have bad credit that need help with an auto loan .	2	4	VBZ	targets	target
very symbolic , the blue is meant to represent the sea , the white represents snow and ice , the red represents the efforts and struggles of the people , and the gold represents the confidence NNPS and NNPS have in themselves and in the future .	32	33	VBZ	represents	represent
another possibility is that NN could be a celtic NN cf .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in particular , intervention of NNS on the side of one of the NNS causes NN .	3	14	VBZ	causes	cause
the largest NN laboratory in the world , it is the only facility of its kind in the united states , among nine worldwide .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
truth in terms of the current understanding of the existing scientific literature is one of the most important things to consider when editing articles .	0	12	VBZ	is	are
a level ii trauma center , the community hospital is the largest employer in salem and the only hospital in the city .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the submarine 's radio call sign is now NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
reluctant merge ( or delete ) JJ head has an article in a JJ journal , it is not comparable .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
interior rooms are generally rectangular in shape , with JJ NN space .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category is for articles about NNS in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i should be opposing ; this user clearly has absolutely no clue where to address mos concerns .	6	8	VBZ	has	have
the virus is a type iii virus under the baltimore classification system ; that is it has a JJ rna NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a short walk in the hindu NNP is a 1958 book by the english travel writer eric NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
using a JJ all approach , results in those who fall by the NN as JJ or of inferior NN , when their only NN is that they are JJ with the particular learning style .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
i thought that a NN was the line across a t , while the dot over an i is a NN .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
the writer explains events quickly to get the reader to the next scene .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
the 7 '' version also includes a long VBG sound of a door closing at the beginning .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include
dialects include NNP and NNP ( NNP ) .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
NNP ( NNP ) county VBZ the fact that this county has a JJ population ( and two as majority ) .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
these individuals are employees of the municipality in which they teach but have been accredited by the religious body governing the curriculum .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the great spiritual traditions offer a wide variety of JJ acts .	3	4	VBP	offer	offers
one the saturday of the show , after all judging ends , the boats make a JJ exit from the sierra boat marina , as they head to the awards ceremony , or IN the owners wish to go afterwards .	13	14	VBP	make	makes
his main user page as well has additional material which can be seen as highly disruptive .	3	6	VBZ	has	have
the NNP JJ NN NNS and their leader muhammad NNP maintain that only continuous NN will force israel to release NNS and give in .	4	10	VBP	maintain	maintains
when the note or item is placed in a NN or computer NN , a line of NN text may appear to the NN or NN as a VBN or solid line if the NN resolution is too low .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
while some people consider this term NN , the NNP RB use the term as an indication of their history .	2	3	VBP	consider	considers
the lowest NN score for NNS is CD , which was achieved by NNP king at the 1992 NNP championship .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the navigation signal allows the airborne receiving equipment to determine a magnetic bearing from the station to the aircraft ( direction from the NNP station in relation to the earth 's magnetic north at the time of installation ) .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
the lower figure shows the elements of the proof .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
many JJ NN runs and NN NN patterns in the left hand make this piece VBZ to master .	3	12	VBP	make	makes
the climate of la NNP is typically dry , warm and JJ with a year around average of between .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
nominator needs to decide which action he is VBG .	0	1	VBZ	needs	need
the main publication work of a scientist is in journal papers , and he has published CD papers ; the most heavily cited of them was cited CD times .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the contemporary name of the NNP region of NNP derives from its former status as the ottoman NNP of NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	derives	derive
the book is essentially a philosophical discussion of the fundamental causes of change in natural bodies and calls into question the standard medical practices of the day which were based in NNP medicine and the four NNS of the body .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
traditionally men wear NNS and NN ( similar to a NN or VBN ) though in recent years people have started wearing the national dress , the JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
i do VB that this article is probably not entirely in keeping with the wikipedia guidelines , and this is why my initial comment was to delete if everyone thought it was truly not worthy .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
though the NN would VB maritime restrictions in CD , banning direct japanese involvement in overseas trade , dutch records indicate that for the few years which the dutch and japanese VBN in NNP an , the japanese completely dominated the port 's economy .	19	20	VBP	indicate	indicates
the most famous example is the NN chip found in nintendo 's nintendo entertainment system ( called CD ) , designed to prevent `` JJ '' manufacturers from creating games for the console .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the mental state of the NN of these worlds corresponds to the third NN , and is characterized by a quiet joy ( NN ) .	2	9	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
however ; he has also stated that the name `` is a bit too negative '' and has noticed more people VBG spiritual aspects into their life .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
if at any point during the game the NNS equal more than three times the number of players , all players immediately lose the game .	20	22	VBP	lose	loses
talks with new equity partners continue , and an announcement may come in the next few weeks , ' the source said '' .	0	5	VBP	continue	continues
three remarkable bridges lead to the village .	2	3	VBP	lead	leads
negative forms in b are widespread in NNP and JJ languages .	1	4	VBP	are	is
JJ springs school board course requirements for graduation are 27 credits .	5	8	VBP	are	is
if you want to record history that has not been recorded before , and history based upon your own NN knowledge , wikipedia is not the place .	14	23	VBZ	is	are
late august CD to the controversy over NNP ( or NNP ; the afghan demand for NN for about 7 , 000 , 000 members of border tribes ) , the pakistan government VBZ afghan NNS and trade missions in its territory .	32	33	VBZ	closes	close
some people who have a strong point of view on the matter , from both sides , want to VB the presentation of some different points of view .	1	17	VBP	want	wants
one such example is the style of the NNP sisters eyes , an example being NNP NNP , whose eyes would often shift to show off a more JJ appearance , or would narrow like a snake 's .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
that should have been deleted - the only people who voted keep knew her personally .	8	11	VBP	keep	keeps
however , the recorded history of NNP NNP goes back to the era before common era , connecting the region with the historic figure of alexander the great .	4	8	VBZ	goes	go
in decision theory , a NNP integral is a way of measuring the expected utility of an uncertain event .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
its very sad when christian oriented people try to collectively VB a religion or culture because of the obvious differences !	6	7	VBP	try	tries
NNP 's works deal with themes like racial and ethnic NNS , global concerns , NN and psychology .	2	3	VBP	deal	deals
NNP village has only one NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the school offers the bachelor of fine arts ( NNP ) and the master of fine arts ( NNP ) , as well as NNP NNP for technical theatre students .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
he then contacts ed du NNP , iii ( ed harris ) , a retired private NN , who VBZ to take the case but VBZ NNP to quickly leave the hospital before the gang returns to kill him .	34	35	VBZ	returns	return
one layer ( the `` NNP layer '' ) VBZ specimens that are RB preserved with JJ NNS , forming the basis of NNP 's earliest and still classic papers which first documented JJ NNS of NNS .	1	9	VBZ	yields	yield
the top transfer campuses for NNP community college students are 1 ) NNP davis , 2 ) NNP berkeley , 3 ) NNP NNP san luis NNP , 4 ) ucla and NNP santa cruz ( tie ) , and 5 ) san jose state university .	3	9	VBP	are	is
newly emerged NNS are almost transparent , with a few long pale NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in signal processing , a digital NN filter is a JJ JJ linear filter , containing two poles and two NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
although the people of NNP have over the years struggled to have autonomy , it was not until 1996 that the then military administration of the late general NNP NNP detached NNP state from NNP state .	2	5	VBP	have	has
lists work much better in presenting information that can be easily VBN from a category ( and vice NN ) ; they allow formatting , citation , and extra information that can further VB the lists .	0	1	VBP	work	works
the article offers no claim to notability and no sources .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the latest kit model is the NNP evolution , which was unveiled at sun POS fun at NNP NNP regional airport , fl on april 8 , 2008 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his works include political cartoons and other illustrations , later VBG oil paintings and publishing articles ; the latter were collected as father NNP out ( 1966 ) , the hole in the bedroom floor ( 1969 ) was published after his death in 1967 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP is located and whose laws they are subject to ) .	5	7	VBP	are	is
the majority of its population either works in the NNP motors or goes to kolkata for work .	1	6	VBZ	works	work
NNS occur constantly in living organisms and are simply the result of the basic JJ properties of the matter that they are constructed of .	0	1	VBP	occur	occurs
although the inland growth of the town starting in the 1950s has linked the two NNS into a single city , the historical neighborhoods still exist , as the NNP ( en .	23	25	VBP	exist	exists
a duet version with NNP clark was also released as the b-side , although other versions have `` NNP ' love '' on the b-side .	15	16	VBP	have	has
as the animals move around freely in the park , visitors are allowed to travel in vehicles with glass raised windows .	2	3	VBP	move	moves
the castle includes a kitchen garden known from records of the 16th century .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP 10 philadelphia 2005 news report is no longer at the stations official website , but an archived copy of that report was found at youtube and used as a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
most states have JJ and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
if science finds that something in buddhist teaching is wrong then buddhism must change .	1	2	VBZ	finds	find
the use of NN accounts shows this is clearly the JJ work of a persistent vandal .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
the cities of winston , north carolina and salem , north carolina officially merge to become NNP .	1	13	VBP	merge	merges
the NNS , who are sent to ensure order during the elections , discover that the NNP is a shell organization run by a colombian drug NN that needs the island as a transit point to the united states .	1	13	VBP	discover	discovers
six forces send their champions - NNS , copies of real people , typical of their kind ; they are almost the same as their NNS .	1	2	VBP	send	sends
about 6 NNP of the JJ energy is supplied by the simple binding of an extra NN to the heavy nucleus via the strong force ; however , in many JJ NNS , this amount of energy is not enough for NN .	34	37	VBZ	is	are
the NN NNS are pale NN and the long tail NNS are pale JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the game takes place in the region known as green NNP , consisting of seven islands .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the reason for this is that NNP ' , unlike NNP ' , can connect a concrete term , such as NNS ' , to an abstract term such as NNP ' .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this episode has two entries in the `` 20th century '' sections and one in the `` 21st century '' section .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the sea is now three kilometres from the lake 's northern end .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the point of data is data , not style sheets or NN to yet more JJ article JJ NN conventions .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the end of NNP is associated with the destruction of NNP , whose ruins contain the last of that pottery .	13	14	VBP	contain	contains
an exploration into how JJ pressures are VBG the ways people work , live , and compete .	10	11	VBP	work	works
NNP article , and is better presented in there than as a NN article .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this picture VBZ the essence of being above the clouds , and , being a direct picture of the clouds , depicts the clouds very well , VBG what they are in an encyclopedic and JJ way .	1	2	VBZ	captures	capture
the templates belong to the project marked as historical .	1	2	VBP	belong	belongs
a movie about the NNP , what we do is secret , was in production for several years , and premiered june 23 , 2007 at the los angeles film festival .	1	9	VBZ	Is	Are
the standard form of publication in the humanities is the sole authored NN or chapter in edited collection .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this JJ image of the official logo of the quantum learning network is a logo of a company , and , as such , is JJ for use at wikipedia at the article about the company , quantum learning network .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
there are also other editors who will object if your signature gets to be too long , because when editing , it 's hard to VB all of the signature code to get to the real encyclopedia .	10	11	VBZ	gets	get
i think your views on this are JJ , shall we say , when we could be VBG energy in to making csd better rather than VBG all over it .	3	6	VBP	are	is
as of 2011 , the area is home to 4 , CD residents .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
despite being a JJ being , especially in his seventh incarnation , it could be that this claim is false .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
my entry for the NNP gallery ( miami ) is my first entry on wikipedia .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
a classic example of RB perfect NNS is the case of NNS and NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this page is for large NNS related to licensing of wikipedia users ' contributions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to the 2001 census , the municipality of NNP has population of 3 , CD .	7	10	VBZ	has	have
it is also shared that the film has `` a RB solid narrative flow , and a visual NN that VBZ the JJ constraints of a local independent production .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
us fuel economy standards exist but are not high enough to have effect .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
the forms are an american indie rock band from queens , new york , whose style incorporates aspects of math rock , dream pop , and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
keep , as the move is now official .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at this point , NNP NNP announced on the NNP website details of the song 's release , saying , `` the first tune we 'd like you to hear is default .	23	30	VBZ	is	are
i think the list format is JJ ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
if there is something that VBZ his speech out there you guys are the ones who could point me in the right direction .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the project knows , for example , with how many articles is dealing with .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know
this number sometimes has conflicts ( see NNP ) .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
notable places of historic importance near NNP are NNP , a unesco world heritage site south-west of the town , which includes the NNP temple , the villages of NNP and NNP , and NN ' NNS at NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
since the articles are rather long and unreferenced , i think they 're probably NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
however , after defeating NNP , the player characters discover that the real NN is metal sonic , who has VBN NNP and copied each team 's data .	8	9	VBP	discover	discovers
in the series ' first episode , NNP tells the JJS NNP , `` our job is to keep people alive , not to tell them how to live .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the NN are VBN by conversion , so the charges about `` missionary '' NNS of critics ( miller ) are JJ .	9	20	VBP	are	is
the school has no student parking facilities and relies on the city 's parking spaces along the NN in front of the building , as well as street parking along broad street and summer street .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this theory tries to explain how human society changes over time .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
considered the NNP 's most capable military leader , NNP , a NNP , is a NN NN in the NNP 's mission to VB the sector and carries out his orders with precision .	7	14	VBZ	is	are
i too believe the building of a true community is RB instrumental to the development of this online encyclopedia , and that NNS can play a useful roll in that JJ process .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the second NN bone ( JJ bone of the index finger ) is the longest , and its base the largest , of all the JJ bones .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
university of maine NNS are members of greek letter organizations .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the first NNS of the NNP rebellion occur between NNP militia and the NNP army .	2	7	VBP	occur	occurs
when NNP reveals a development company wants to buy out NNP , lou decides to accept the offer .	5	6	VBZ	wants	want
without slip rings the production of dc current in the NN NN is only possible when the frequency NN is at least partly located in the NN and rotating with it .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
JJ argues that his NN was protected by the NNP protection act , the NNP NNS that NNP NNS are not protected because violations of executive agency regulations are equal to a `` violation of law .	23	28	VBP	are	is
one thing worth considering is a graph of league finishes .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS and NNS are not identical , despite the common belief that they are , so it would be more accurate to have two different lists .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the revised statutory requirements also include new definitions and criteria for both JJ NNS and the NNS used to produce them , including new NN gas NN ( NNP ) VBZ for JJ NNS .	3	5	VBP	include	includes
his wife of 34 years , NNP NNP , lives in NNP and is a member of the NNP county school board .	1	9	VBZ	lives	live
NNP edits from seoul , korea and i have no doubt that VBZ NN ' is from the same exactly the same place .	1	8	VBP	have	has
the typical signs are a white patch that may be associated with burning , NN , NN or a white NN like appearance .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this page has nothing to do with VBG .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
since the chain is divided in two at each JJ step , the depth of the NN is log ( n ) .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
assuming its NN assumptions are JJ , a company 's NN and NN actually increases when a new policy is written .	3	4	VBP	are	is
personalities from NNP include the writer NNP maria NNP and the painters friedrich NNP and felix NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the need for requirements documentation is typically related to the complexity of the product , the impact of the product , and the life NN of the software .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , during the first 7 questions , if the contestant runs out of time on a question , their NNS will drop back down to the last safe haven they passed as if the question had been answered incorrectly , instead of being forced to walk away .	10	11	VBZ	runs	run
a major advertising group owned by NNP NNP , son of a former senior intelligence officer , runs the JJ daily NNP .	3	17	VBZ	runs	run
his brother , NNP , holds a party and VBZ all the princes , and NNP is killed by NNP 's servants , under the order of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	holds	hold
membership fees are due at NN and membership VBZ a lifetime .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the latter form the NN is part of the NNP process modeling tool .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
these stands normally have an NN of large JJ trees .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the tower is in JJ with set back NN corner NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
thus , the planet is slightly larger and slightly more massive than jupiter is .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this whole discussion and the attitude of NNP and NNP is completely unfair to the the subject of this article .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
tony 's lawyer , sheffield , tells him that although he can VB VB away most of the time tony faces , he will still end up serving at least three years in prison for VBG income taxes .	2	6	VBZ	tells	tell
members of the umbrella NNP NNP service , a group specialized in containing NN NNS caused by umbrella , their objective is to rescue dr .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the primary appears as a JJ star of magnitude 4 .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
but some individuals display a mixed pattern of colours , from a lighter brown colour to dark brown .	2	3	VBP	display	displays
the latter is VBN NNP to VB electronic NN capabilities ; this means that the NN angle is able to be continuously RB VBN , even while the camera is running , and set to any angle within a specific range ( 11 .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the principal streams VBG the southern part of the county include beaver swamp brook , blind brook , bronx river , NNP river , NNP river , saw mill river , NNP river , NNP brook and NNP brook .	2	10	VBP	include	includes
his other credits include ultimate force , NNP city , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
RB , the album is heavier and darker than previous efforts , according to NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of a NN is to support articles , not to contain essential details .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
gene 's official website is where he blogs on occasion and maintains a store to sell his cds and NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NN is located , as the name indicates , in the middle of new orleans on what was once the NN of the mississippi river natural NN , a gradually declining section of the river 's flood plain .	6	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate
however the most efficient way to obtain the required CD to run and charge the NN is a JJ NN ( which is a different type of JJ NN ) that will run off a CD supply .	4	16	VBZ	is	are
february 16 , this information is too trivial to warrant a big box at the end of every major city 's article .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
narrator brian cox explains that `` in the competitive world of NN , the way to the top is via dead men 's NN shoes .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
the stadium has a maximum capacity of 3 , CD people .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
my only real question here is .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
your edit which improved or maintained the encyclopedia is my edit which was biased , incorrect , and politically motivated .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP number is for oral consumption , but certainly injection would lower it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people commenting feel that there is no special reason for this channel to have its own page .	0	2	VBP	feel	feels
the boundary continues east along NNP avenue until it meets victoria park avenue .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the fact is possibly JJ as many cities lay claim to his birthplace .	7	8	VBP	lay	lays
democracy NNS with forms of government where power is either held by one person , as in a monarchy , or where power is held by a small number of individuals , as in an NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the board determines which texas public four-year universities are permitted to start or continue degree programs .	1	2	VBZ	determines	determine
production of NNS is around 500 units per year .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
its members and base classes are public by default .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the sequence VBZ with a tall mouse breaking a grandfather clock with a NN .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
in addition the role of women is a key theme , with all female characters in one way or another revealing their purpose in the NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the village has a NNP ethnic majority and its population numbering 1 , CD people ( 2002 census ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the target was the german type NNP NNP at about 1 , 200 meters range .	13	14	VBP	range	ranges
my view remains the same - all three are non-notable .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the major use for hardware random number NNS is in the field of data NN , for example to create random JJ keys to VB data .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the causes that he VBD upon were the evident and JJ causes , or , in other words , the NN phenomena ; the remote causes he thought it VB to seek after .	21	25	VBZ	causes	cause
since the bits student community is the primary target audience for the NNP 's activities , it has launched a business challenge primarily for them so as to VB activities aimed at VBG them with the necessary skills to convert an idea into a business plan .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
all greek coins were VBN , rather than VBN as modern coins are .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the album is a major departure of NNP 's common style , since it was his first country album .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
operational applications of JJ observations rely on JJ satellites , such as NNP second generation ( NNP ) , that continuously monitor the atmosphere with a NN rate of 15 minutes .	1	5	VBP	rely	relies
however , as the war begins , NNP informs NNP of his NN plan since NNP is ill , that he VBZ to shoot NNP with his rifle .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin
VBN , NNP VBZ his NNS are nothing more than lies to cover the fact that it was him who VBD the hand that day he met NNP and allowed her into the school , and then into his bed .	5	6	VBP	are	is
a large part of the other sourced material is quotes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
job shops typically move on to different jobs ( possibly with different customers ) when each job is completed .	1	3	VBP	move	moves
the current holders are scotland after beating ireland at their last meeting 12 - 8 in edinburgh on 24th february 2013 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
each time of measurement has its own graph of the production function for that time ( the straight lines ) .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
NNP trail passes through the park , as well as nearby NNP and NNP t .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the memorial NNS are now highly JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the european day of the NNP is a celebration established in 2012 by the european parliament to commemorate those who have stood up against crimes against humanity and NN with their own moral responsibility .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
aluminium NNS , generally CD series , are commonly JJ .	1	7	VBP	are	is
these cases of products that failed safety testing have been viewed as evidence that genetic modification can produce unexpected and dangerous changes in foods , and as evidence that the current tests are effective at identifying safety problems before foods come on the market .	39	40	VBP	come	comes
but what i mean is that the NN extension perhaps is not ready to be deployed before we have the answers to these issues .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
the career NN record for most hit NNS is CD by NNP walter johnson .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
its formal title is the JJ school zones act of 1990 and is sometimes referred to as the JJ school zones act of 1995 , possibly in reference to .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their name is more often VBN as NNP CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's main football team is the [ [ NNP NNP ] ] , which plays in the [ [ NNP NNP b ] ] , as of april 2013 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
all the classrooms have an average capacity of 25 students and all are air VBN with the exception of the chemistry labs , and are fully equipped with desktop computer , video NN and wireless NNP for student NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
please indicate any instance where the shortened form of a title appears anywhere in an fa film article .	7	11	VBZ	appears	appear
according to one source , her husband is NNP ( law ) , and their daughter is NNP , goddess of justice and fair judgment .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP formats also include NN formats , although initially only NNP services were launched in the digital format .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
since the acquisition the expansion continues , and hp employs over 150 , 000 people .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the main canal runs 75 miles ( NNP canal NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
special rules exist for cases where a parent of a child is a citizen of a european union or european economic area member state , or switzerland .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the NNP region covers alaska 's NNP and wade hampton census areas and includes 56 villages .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP album includes backing vocals from NNP NNP and amy allison on `` let 's drop in '' and `` i saw the light '' .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NNP people live in large villages .	1	2	VBP	live	lives
in fact , i support the block , and i think all the other NNS do too .	14	15	VBP	do	does
and the military 's job is to do one thing , and that is to defend our country .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
examples of the NNP include the NNS ( NNP ) , crane flies ( NNP ) and black flies ( NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
leading diseases and NNS include NN , JJ disorders , NN , JJ NNS , NN , JJ NN and NN .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the theory of NN is a social theory of the creation and reproduction of social systems that is based in the analysis of both structure and agents ( see structure and agency ) , without giving NN to either .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
while i appreciate the effort to serve the users , redirects do that job perfectly well .	10	11	VBP	do	does
these concepts are not generally distinguished by different names ; if one wishes to distinguish them , one may VB them by names such as JJ ( or observed ) JJR , legal ( or theoretical ) NN , or model NN , but these are not standard NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other medical research areas include the topics of JJ NN , JJ NN , and NNP and hiv .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
csd , and if anyone want to propose additional criteria , the talk page for that policy is the place .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the company functions as a subsidiary of JJ defence force .	1	2	VBZ	functions	function
NNS are much closer to living organisms than NN NNS are .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the opera is a NN about the JJ relationships between a marquis and a number of JJ girls on his estate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
we need to work out what the important plot points are here , and for me the important things are the murder and the discovery of blake as the comedian .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the facade features a limestone VBN entrance containing two sets of double doors , NN light , and a limestone NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the mention later goes into no more detail and is of no help .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go
the practitioners mostly live in north NNP , west NNP , central NNP , south NNP , west NNP , central NNP , north NNP , east NNP NNP , north NNP , NNP ( province ) , west papua ( province ) , papua ( province ) .	1	3	VBP	live	lives
its primary attack allows it to VB a human whole , VBG significant amounts of health .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
at the iron works material obtained from the local ore deposits ( NNP NNP ) was most likely used .	2	3	VBZ	works	work
attack and defense operations soldiers are JJ `` degree of NN , '' with its direct access to the parameters of , and parts for military equipment and VBG the operation is not in any way .	4	5	VBP	are	is
i think a consideration needs to be made whether it is a good link ( and needs VBG ) , or if VBG extends to the point where it should also not be used as a reference here .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
i meant that the fact that each bird on this list has been seen in north america is a fact in public domain .	4	17	VBZ	is	are
JJ domains are sometimes RB referred as internet extensions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this project is a comprehensive study of NN rays ( NNP NN and m .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is often assumed that the gambling game that plays so significant a role in the NNP , the classical literary epic , is JJ , but the descriptions , such as they are , do not tie in with the game , and this conclusion is perhaps JJ .	45	46	VBZ	is	are
my NNS with it aside , this ruling is explicitly for the worst most JJ cases .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
birds are capable of seeing colors in the JJ range , and some species are known to have JJ peaks of NN ( indicating the presence of JJ color ) on their NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the character wears the darker cloth .	1	2	VBZ	wears	wear
the head has a small crest , and the legs are yellow .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
at the south end of downtown , the business route VBZ NNP CD ( green sea road ) at 3rd street and runs RB two blocks to the north end of downtown , where they meet RB CD ( main street ) at 5th street .	9	10	VBZ	intersects	intersect
if we keep , the project is better off .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP platform enables NNS to record musical pieces from the NNP ( associated board of the royal schools of music ) examination NN using the NNP NN .	2	3	VBZ	enables	enable
NNS tend to use the JJ pass specifically to make the free safety expect a run play , which would draw him closer to the line of NN , and reduce his effectiveness as a pass defender .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
the name of the place means `` NNP tree '' .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean
the main tournament they VBP is the annual australian national NNP championships .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
my way of VBG you ' is the JJ mix .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
an example of this work is the interior design of the guest room in the state provincial office of NNP with paintings , NN , an iron chair and a glass table .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the high pressure VBZ the NNS of the JJ paper into the wells of the plate which then VBZ the ink onto the paper thereby creating the impression .	2	3	VBZ	pushes	push
the division traces its history back to 8 september 1941 when the CD rifle division ( i formation ) was formed in the NNP military district .	1	2	VBZ	traces	trace
the inner sides appear to have been somewhat VBN down , most likely as a result of minor bombardment and JJ NN from other impacts in the vicinity .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
i , too , feel that the NNS are a bit excessive .	7	8	VBP	are	is
this theory VBZ the role of institutions and evolutionary social processes in VBG economic behavior , VBG `` the complexity of human NNS and the importance of culture and relations of power .	1	2	VBZ	examines	examine
a combination of the search function , the NN system and internal links from environmental articles is a more efficient method of using wp rather than using these lists .	9	16	VBZ	is	are
often the stream occupies the whole river valley , but sometimes it VBZ into several courses .	2	3	VBZ	occupies	occupy
whether or not an image is public domain or not has absolutely no bearing on whether it is VBN or not .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
details of this event and the subsequent development of tools for analysis of NNS are at project space track .	0	14	VBP	are	is
these products are JJ into the NN through the cell wall via NN and passed on throughout the NN complex .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i do think the image is JJ , and that it depicts the play about as well as the play can be in a static image .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
video processing systems may introduce some amounts of NN or artifacts in the video signal , so video quality evaluation is an important problem .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the agreement is even better when NNS are applied ( see below ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name of NNP 's green , a small hamlet about a mile to the west of NNP , VBZ the trade that VBD the area 's early wealth .	1	19	VBZ	recalls	recall
soon after , NNP 's researcher accidentally sees NNP VBG the assistant .	5	7	VBZ	sees	see
possible NNS include their JJ characters and the perceived lack of intellectual content in the genre .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NNP process is particularly JJ to carry out a measurement of energy loss of NNS as they VBP through nuclear matter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the appointment of the official NN often happens in individuals who have distinguished themselves by their efforts to study , investigate and VB JJ issues .	1	7	VBZ	happens	happen
beast mode is a JJ 2 NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in what remains one of the serial 's most dramatic and influential years to date , 1964 saw no less than four producers take the NN of the show .	22	23	VBP	take	takes
defense lawyers for the six men , all french nationals , VBP the french government of VBG with u .	1	11	VBP	accuse	accuses
the NN continues to read JJ words from the user input device .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the former camp is now the site of a housing development in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its JJ region is generally puerto rico and the virgin islands .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the entries in the list are JJ without them .	1	5	VBP	are	is
shot in austin , texas in 2009 , NNP is JJ and NN of the film .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
it is VBN that these space stations are essentially the last few JJ environments available to the NNS of NNP , as most of them had been destroyed during the war .	6	7	VBP	are	is
ancient sri NNP architecture is also significant to NN , notably NNP which was designed as an RB friendly structure .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other factors are , of course , the NNS of the particle to be VBN and the electric field .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first step involves VBG away the patients skin and replacing it with new NNS , which are JJ of VBG , burning , or NN .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
three athletes beat the height of 4 .	1	2	VBP	beat	beats
other prominent families include NN , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and so on .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this implementation proposal attempts to use the NNP and NNP features together in order to achieve that goal in an integrated way and without need for a new extension .	2	3	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the campus , located on the corner of NNP and NNP , serves as a location for area companies , organizations , and individuals .	1	12	VBZ	serves	serve
the statistical area `` de NNP '' , which also can include the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	16	VBZ	has	have
upon arriving at the central transfer chamber , the player VBZ the final battle against the great destroyer .	9	10	VBZ	conducts	conduct
his compositions range from NN through to popular ( such as the swedish entry for the 1965 eurovision song contest ) .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the player is also responsible for making NNP eat , as he will otherwise VB to death .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the falls are JJ from a steep angle on the american side , where it is possible to approach to within several meters of the edge of the falls .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the maximum penalty under the military JJ code is life imprisonment .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
but the truth eventually comes out and danny is VBN before colonel ashley - who has him sent to the NN .	2	4	VBZ	comes	come
professors at major research universities are notable .	0	5	VBP	are	is
this site shows JJ architecture in its NN as well as a sweet house and JJ workshops .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the competition has its origins in a four nation `` european cup '' held in 1988 but did not become an official NNP competition until 1995 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his personality is kind , but because of a number of NNS that are out of his control , he is constantly physically VBN by both family , friends , and enemies alike .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's background is NNP ( called NNP by the NNP , due to historical background ) , one of the NN groups in kerala who used to be VBN NNS ( NN actually means slave ) and whose people are still mostly JJ agricultural NNS .	39	40	VBP	are	is
completed in june 2008 , the new configuration of the airport now enables it to handle 1 .	7	12	VBZ	enables	enable
individual flowers are small but grow in clusters on JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the highly VBN and VBN trains of males in the genus NNP are decorated with JJ NN ; commonly called `` NNS '' , they are actually the JJ NNS while the NN 's tail is shorter and JJ and helps to VB up the train during display .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
although first documented in CD , the book is presumed to have been buried with NNP at NNP either in CD or more likely in CD , and to have stayed with the body during the NNS forced by the viking NNS two centuries later .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the college currently offers over 120 programs leading towards associate degrees , NNS , or NNS .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the NNP 's NN plays off of the logo of nhl team colorado NNP .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
this case presents a JJ political question because it would require a court to VB itself into military decision making and foreign policy , areas the constitution has committed to coordinate branches of government .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
if you view the article edit history , you can see NNP 's edit war over this particular text has been going on for days , and the 4 diffs presented above are only the most recent of many .	29	32	VBP	are	is
the b-side of the JJ released single includes the song `` NNP NNP '' .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include
the chain VBZ , in the sense that the sixth circle is always JJ to the first circle .	1	2	VBZ	closes	close
every NN needs to be either ( a ) a complete sentence , or several complete sentences , with correct NN and grammar , or ( b ) a noun phrase that does not end in a period .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
all NNS are JJ to avoid any possible mistakes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some cases of NN do respond well to VB .	1	4	VBP	do	does
this device , while somewhat more NN , is JJ and is often used in human NNS and recently also in JJ psychology .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
english medium facility is also available here but it 's up to standard 5 only , the english medium school is known as NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the plan of this two and one half story brick house derives from the JJ NNP and has a t extension in the rear .	1	11	VBZ	derives	derive
first , it assumes that the NN of VBG one 's turn is greater than the NN of performing a NN search .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP the NN so it fits inside the other one .	2	5	VBZ	fits	fit
weak keep - i am changing to keep , whilst the article needs more reliable sources still other editors appear to be willing to put some work into the article and some other sources have been found .	11	12	VBZ	needs	need
temples of NNP are far apart and the church is not well organized , owing to NNP 's NN of chaos .	0	3	VBP	are	is
located near the NN , the museum contains many permanent and VBG exhibits on the history and culture of the NNP region .	6	7	VBZ	contains	contain
challenger 2 is one of the most heavily armoured and best protected tanks in the world .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the following books are collections of strips in the order they were published .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in this he VBZ the JJ trend of the story but uses it as an illustration of how a governing nature VBZ throughout life NNP even beyond , perhaps ' .	20	21	VBZ	persists	persist
today religious practice is not a duty any more , as long as the scout follows the scout law and promise .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some people claim larger wheels wear faster .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
in one JJ NN to the closing theme , a character performs the song in the film ready to VB .	10	11	VBZ	performs	perform
the only other ones i can think of , NN , are a ) language ; b ) NN ; c ) a very JJ genre approach .	3	11	VBP	are	is
the preserve is open to fishing , walking , NN , and hiking only ; swimming and NN were banned in 2002 following a series of diving injuries and deaths .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the streets behind both sides of the avenue de FW have many japanese restaurants , and most of the NNS in this area `` JJ '' stores selling luxury brands .	1	10	VBP	have	has
NNP NNP also has no NN , so boys and girls attend separate schools to the high school level ( grades up to ten ) , leading to the secondary school certificate .	8	11	VBP	attend	attends
experience points show the NN of students ' course work .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the film covers the life of JJ NN george NNP and his influence in VBG VBG in california and his contributions to NN .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the duplicate has a slightly darker personality and eventually locks the original up , take his place , and begins using other NNS to stage a series of art NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
patients with a history of NN , VBP NN or NN may be VBN as NNS or attended in specialist NNS where NN facilities are available for the testing .	23	24	VBP	are	is
the clips are NNS of NNP 's lap NN style , JJ on the company 's web site .	1	2	VBP	are	is
another museum is the NNPS NNP museum of fine arts , with its main location housing dutch master paintings , and its exhibition halls on the NNP NNP housing a gallery for modern art called de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the verse uses the word `` VBN '' and not `` VBN '' .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the book has four NNS , titled NNP , VBD !	1	2	VBZ	has	have
notable tracks she contributes on include the one , beauty of NNP , NNP for a dead man , and CD .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
right now that information is on a NN of either the arbcom NNS archive or of the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the film features the final voice roles of george NNP and mel NNP who both died during production of the film .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
if found , we report that the key is ( probably ) in the filter otherwise we report that the key is definitely not in the filter .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
several boom and crash cycles of NN in west NNP have been noted since the CD ( NNP 1967 , NNP 1986 ) , and recent population estimates are the highest ever documented , indicating that a new crash might be expected in the near future .	27	28	VBP	are	is
the back of the fish is JJ or brown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ robots soon take over the city and the whole u .	2	4	VBP	take	takes
the JJS and most studied objects to search are points .	5	8	VBP	are	is
i agree with NNP - redirect to list of NNS in indonesia - on the condition that all information in the NNP page is in the indonesia page .	18	23	VBZ	is	are
NNP director gordon thompson said , `` the materials developed during this joint collaboration have the potential to significantly advance the NN of NNP in a range of applications where performance and stability are essential requirements .	8	14	VBP	have	has
this parade is shorter but less known than the so-called `` world 's NNP parade '' which takes place RB in NNP , california .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an additional NN VBZ with NNP falling in love with her NN NNP ( NNP NNP ) and VBG to marry him against the wishes of her father .	2	3	VBZ	arises	arise
the computer 's name comes from the national bird of bangladesh , the NNP or oriental NNP robin , a widely used symbol in bangladesh .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
as is shown in the example , multiple definitions use multiple templates .	8	9	VBP	use	uses
but my opinion is if someone made criticism it is a criticism .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
not many animals live in the waste , but the ones that do are usually as JJ as the land itself .	2	3	VBP	live	lives
however , i believe this religious movement falls under not for things made up in school one day ; or at least is JJ .	6	7	VBZ	falls	fall
the lower floor serves the NN trains while the upper floor serves the JJ ones .	10	11	VBZ	serves	serve
this stadium was built in 1935 and , despite the construction of two different high schools to replace it , james monroe high school sports teams continue to use it for home games .	25	26	VBP	continue	continues
the main feature of NNP is NNP village .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
and the japanese wikipedia , this article is more complete .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
i have heard various advice over the years that clear NNS are better for you when you are sick than colored NNS , usually under the NN of `` needing to stay VBN '' .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP sanctuary is home to a varied set of JJ and JJ species .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
she had to be VBN and VBN and VBN as often as possible ; flowers send by mail and presented by hand she enjoyed and encouraged .	14	15	VBP	send	sends
this page contains a comprehensive collection of information related to recordings by the scottish hard rock band , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in order to understand how our students learn and what they know , JJ and ongoing assessment are essential .	6	7	VBP	learn	learns
this fake blade has a vampire NN within it , which has shown some signs of NN as people have talked to the blade directly .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the main characters in NNP NNP 's 1999 film NNP junction are NNP NNP 's supporters and one of the characters is a club 's player .	2	11	VBP	are	is
these rivers are usually well VBN with JJ species of aquatic plants .	1	2	VBP	are	is
more recently , NNP NNP 's 1992 JJ analysis , based on JJ sequence data , found that the JJ shark is part of a group containing large sharks with a ridge between the dorsal VBZ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
at NNP , the route turns west as it joins u .	4	5	VBZ	turns	turn
nothing VBZ him from his prayers , even when NNS go running around in the shrine RB to VB the chicken feed .	9	10	VBP	go	goes
endorse deletion , seems JJ - forums are not reliable sources , so that leaves nothing for verifiability or notability , as the closer stated .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the solution is to allow physical NNS , but create a JJ logical NN using the spanning tree protocol ( NNP ) on the network NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
satellites and missiles are not actual units , but they can also be used for attacking ; however they both require research .	0	3	VBP	are	is
if a wing has a rectangular NN , rather than VBN or swept , then the NN is simply the width of the wing measured in the direction of NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
creator of this element is the NNP student called NNP NNP who has already fed up using JJ NNS such as NNP , NN etc .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the main building has over of space and was built in 1976 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
eventually more partners at universities have to be found - both students and professors .	2	5	VBP	have	has
the project has 46 NN articles .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
spanning two centuries , the collection comprises objects , fine art , documents and costumes VBG the working and social lives of the people of NNP .	5	6	VBZ	comprises	comprise
NN , the JJ dance event is arguably the most JJ followed event of the JJS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the article is generally neutral in tone and content .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP dismissed the political NN , claiming that NNP was just VBG a higher moral authority , and said , `` some people are so politically oriented , when they see NNS in a bowl , they get some complex interpretation out of it '' .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the arguments for deletion seem to VB over the arguments for NN in this case .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
NNP is the first jewish player to be selected in the first round of the nhl draft , NNP 's younger brother is adam NNP , who is also a professional hockey player .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN scheme described in this article is the most common NN , but there are many others .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
at the south end , near the village of NNP in NNP , the water flows out of the tunnel to the NNP via the NNP power station , as well as to NNP power station on the swedish side .	14	15	VBZ	flows	flow
this figure appears to include 65 people who had been taken away from the NNP mosque on april 29 by JJ men , and were found killed outside the village .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
february 2013 ( utc ) this article describes an event , which scouts from all over the places will be participated .	6	7	VBZ	describes	describe
in 2013 , day one of the conference follows a set schedule with panels throughout the day .	3	8	VBZ	follows	follow
it 's a new beginning and the girls are getting coffee when a motorcycle VBG a huge NNP mail arrives .	13	19	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the lakes form an important habitat for sea trout ; the fish NN in fresh water .	1	2	VBP	form	forms
as an index to the wikipedia articles on the featured NNP listings , the list is not available anywhere else .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the reason i vote for keep is that this is a significant effort for the book community unlike the earlier efforts mentioned above and does deserve mention in the wikipedia .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
other NNS illustrate the history of NNP 's trail NN operations and provide information on career opportunities in the industry .	1	2	VBP	illustrate	illustrates
i told you that this JJ look real but what little i wrote is !	6	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP that NNP was the author of an early section of the NNP NNP NNS , which deals with the history of the JJ kings from CD to CD ; and of which an edition appears in the NNP NNP NNP , NNP , band i , pp .	34	35	VBZ	appears	appear
such a line would easily be recognized as or and i believe this image is the same .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
further objects are from the near east and cyprus .	1	2	VBP	are	is
five pairs are JJ NNS and one pair is JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
but the devil is in the detail and i just want to ask please allow plenty of opportunity for testing , review and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
everyday JJ references to death , dying , burial , NNS and to the people and places which deal with death are also protective , VBG terms either formal or informal , e .	2	21	VBP	are	is
even today , their graves remain and are visited by people of all NNS , who pay their respect to the saints .	4	5	VBP	remain	remains
people magazine music critic chuck arnold gave the album a `` promising '' review , stating that the album is a `` JJ collection of teen pop .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
examples of social marketing include the use of campaigns to encourage people use seat NNS , follow speed limits , or not to smoke in public .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this character is a non-notable publicity NN of no interest or merit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
management NNS include the conservation of important habitats , VBG NNS for regional wildlife migration ; providing income for rural residents and developing tourism .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
new developments such as auto ball feed and changes in the slope of the hitting area now allow the NN to experience the feeling of playing the ball where it lies , no matter where it lies .	1	17	VBP	allow	allows
it 's also the science with which current natural history collections are most RB associated .	10	11	VBP	are	is
of all the residential NN found in soil , bacteria is the smallest and most abundant .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
RB you are correct that most folks and most scientists reject NN , but most consider it likely that there is some kind of JJ activity behind the world they see around them .	6	10	VBP	reject	rejects
the game controls consist of five plastic vertical rectangular keys that are arranged in a JJ pattern alike the letter `` m '' or in NN type arranged .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the infobox gives his name correctly .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
the highways continue , entering the community of NNP , where route 44 turns to the west towards the NNP west branch .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
the project involved complex structural work due to the configuration of the concrete NNS and by the fact that this building VBZ completely on NNS .	20	21	VBZ	rests	rest
while the state of israel enables freedom of religion for all of its citizens , it does not enable civil marriage .	2	5	VBZ	enables	enable
this portion is where the most recent NNS in canada and of the northern NNP volcanic province have occurred , including the JJ 18th century NN of NNP cone and the 1904 NN of the volcano .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples of other titles which names are derived from are NNP , NNP , NNP in german language and king in english language .	0	9	VBP	are	is
JJR mansion should mention when it was built , and the source says nothing of how strict the NN to greek NNP was or about the doors .	11	12	VBZ	says	say
when horses are lined up for placing at shows , NNS keep NNS at least a horse 's length from any other animal and do not allow their horses to touch NNS with any other animals .	10	11	VBP	keep	keeps
critics of the NN NN theory counter that most natural NN sources are relatively large - NNS or entire fields .	0	12	VBP	are	is
apartment buildings exist along NNP street between the NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
after bugs NNS on a candy NN , the camera VBZ out of the mall to end the movie .	9	10	VBZ	pulls	pull
this album page seems to easily pass the notability guidelines .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
if all these measures fail patients are candidates for NN surgery .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the NNP group , which VBZ in the design and production of added value electronics and JJ systems used in the automotive and consumer electronics industry , operates two production plants in the town .	2	27	VBZ	operates	operate
she is very close to NNP and gets JJ when other women get too close to him .	11	12	VBP	get	gets
normal NNP spaces are always NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
outdoor outlet NNS or big box shopping areas known as power centers are now favored , although the traditional enclosed shopping mall is still in demand by those seeking JJ , JJ shopping .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
their task is to be `` prepared to respond immediately to any type of JJ accident or incident anywhere in the world '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the end of course test ( NNP ) is an academic assessment conducted in many states by the state board of education .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the mouth is superior , highly JJ , armed with JJ teeth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
players have two kinds of attacks ; shoot directly in the air with fire or bomb the ground with bombs .	0	1	VBP	have	has
a , there should be an item that says that children attend school system b .	10	11	VBP	attend	attends
i do think the nominated picture is by far the best of the three for the alpine fault article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
one form of settlement risk is foreign exchange settlement risk or NN settlement risk , sometimes called NNP risk after the german bank that made a famous example of the risk .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
most NN NNS have JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
it may be noted that this algorithm works also if the factors have not the same degree ( in this case the number r of factors , needed for stopping the while loop , is found as the dimension of the NN ) .	6	7	VBZ	works	work
the castle is currently privately owned and not open the public .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this antenna also allows NNP to maintain one of the world 's longest NN links over water , measuring 65 km .	1	3	VBZ	allows	allow
i , personally , am ( NN ) quoted and `` sourced '' throughout the entirety your `` anna anderson '' exercise ( `` supporters attempt to VB to hope , '' and so on ) .	24	25	VBP	attempt	attempts
the trail passes woodland , mountain streams and also JJ monasteries .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
a CD map of NN shows only three or four features on NNP street , although it is not given a name on this .	2	5	VBZ	shows	show
the project dates back to april 2007 and has grown to include 33 featured articles , 1 featured list , 29 featured pictures , 2 NNP articles , and 45 good articles .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
the company operates around the central lancashire area with buses travelling to NNP in the south and to the city of preston in the north .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
its signature style is a bronze JJ wood NN with decorative paint .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the one thing that i am not proud of is my overly large user space edits , which i often am VBN to do by my medical condition , JJ disorder ; i only hope the community does not hold this against me .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
VBG bands live in and around london from 1977 to 1982 including NNP pop , elvis NNP , NNP , the tourist ( annie NNP ) and many others .	1	2	VBP	live	lives
the second assault is much heavier than the first , using JJ NNS and a machine gun mounted on the helicopter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
orchestral samples in the game are from the vienna NNP library , which features recordings of classical music by members of the vienna philharmonic .	1	5	VBP	are	is
each time she VBZ , her life span gets shorter and shorter .	7	8	VBZ	gets	get
notable examples are those of the renowned NN da NN NN NNP NNP in his five collections of pieces for the NN de FW and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the title takes its name after edmonton , an area in the east of the london borough of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
as the scene becomes more NN and she sees things for what they really are , however , sarah is overcome with the NN that the world of the crystal is JJ , JJ and bizarre and not what she wants after all .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the other problem with leaving such JJ remarks in is that it leads to subtle ( or JJ ) enabling of the NNS .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
every student has to pick one of the following activities at the beginning of each NN and has to regularly attend its meetings and activities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the capital of the county is JJ NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the jury VBZ a sentence , in states where it is authorized to do so .	1	2	VBZ	recommends	recommend
keep per sources found establishing notability , and i also fail to see how this article is blatant advertising .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
already beginning under his reign , christian NNS were VBN ; the most extreme case ( as far as historians know ) was the burning of NNP and six of his followers at the stake in CD .	19	20	VBP	know	knows
all parts besides plate armour have a certain weight so if the vehicle becomes JJ or the engine is damaged , it will be unable to move .	12	13	VBZ	becomes	become
i agree that the article needs to be deleted .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
strong support a trial is a trial .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the inner walls are relatively JJ , VBG down to the interior .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the hospital is a JJ hospital , although no one is turned away due to inability to pay .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and also some users try so much to cut her portuguese roots that is almost JJ NN and of course out of topic .	3	4	VBP	try	tries
while at the lake collecting rocks for research , john sees NNP with a baby .	3	10	VBZ	sees	see
her VBN profile is then seen on the left side against a gray background , as the song begins to play .	17	18	VBZ	begins	begin
the adventure of the christmas NNP and a selection of NNP is a short story collection written by NNP NNP and first published in the uk by the collins crime club on 24 october 1960 .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , the JJ NN of a NN gene is JJ to the mutant NN , since a NN ( with one mutant and one normal NN ) displays the mutant ( disease ) NN .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the route heads VB out of the town , and begins a JJ journey , turning north , then east , then back to the north , and then to the northeast towards interstate 91 .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
the school is open to both resident and day students .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
subsequently , his father VBZ the widow 's daughter .	3	4	VBZ	marries	marry
the way you VBP another person also depends on your relationship and the context of the meeting .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
the earliest evidence of the cultivation of this grain comes from the NNP culture of china , which also cultivated the common NN , but JJ NN became the JJ grain only with the NNP culture .	2	9	VBZ	comes	come
NNP 's codes are 86 and 96 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's principle provides an explanation of pressure difference in the absence of air density and temperature variation ( a common NN for JJ aircraft ) .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
this column indicates position in the overall league NNS .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the original stone was used to VB a concrete structure , so that the bridge is no longer the original after which it is modeled .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNS are also prone to NNS because they VBP themselves in the same fashion as cats , but NNS are especially dangerous for NNS because they can not VB them .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in new jersey , `` [ t ] he JJ jurisdiction of the NNP division over appeals taken from JJ decisions of lower courts and of state administrative officers and agencies exists as a result of the combination of constitutional provisions and court rules .	10	31	VBZ	exists	exist
the band 's manager and producer , kim richards , is a music industry veteran ( pink floyd , queen , america , mike NNP , iron butterfly and kevin NNP of quiet riot ) .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
also the first sentence seems VBN from the rest , if those workshops were charity , i would start with the first part of the second sentence , if not , i would put the info about the workshops in another paragraph .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
this article is a clear pov fork , and is not very JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the man of steel '' - see here for one example ) , but the film in question is nowhere near production stage according to imdb ( see here for the imdb entry ) .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
the club administrative and social base is still at NNP oval in shannon avenue , NNP west .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP line at NNP though some JJ trains use the NNP line to access south station .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
the weapon used depends on how far away enemy ships are and what the player 's ship is armed with .	1	3	VBZ	depends	depend
because the south NN is similar in dimension to the nave and choir , views of the building from the south-east and south-west give the impression of a building balanced around a central axis , with its tower as the hub .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the two largely accepted theories are that NNP was set up as NN point over the mediterranean sea by the arab NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP family is an advisor to the circuit , and the track named the trophy for the inaugural NNP glen NNP grand prix presented by NNP in honour of the late patriarch , cameron .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
any article that only allows critical pov ( based on its very title ) or only allows JJ pov in the same manner should be deleted .	1	4	VBZ	allows	allow
the attitude of wikipedia seems to have changed , from people helping each other work on pages to people just throwing tags around WRB they can .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the first two have three consecutive l 's ; the second has three consecutive l 's and no i ( that is , `` NNP '' ) .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
upon arriving at school , the boys discover that they must , in response to president bush 's request for charity to afghanistan , VBP a dollar .	6	7	VBP	discover	discovers
and without him , the story falls into NNS .	5	6	VBZ	falls	fall
a commission of 6 volunteers with the current parish priest as president runs the everyday needs of the museum .	1	12	VBZ	runs	run
if we take an JJ observer in flat NN and have them observe a rotating disc , the existence of the rotating mass means that NN is no longer flat , and that the concept of rotation is now subject to the democratic principle .	34	37	VBZ	is	are
for example , in a billion , the NN is JJ , meaning 2 .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
leave no trace information helps public land visitors understand and practice minimum impact skills and ethics .	7	8	VBP	understand	understands
unfortunately , only a tiny fraction of human knowledge is on the web , so i am unable to provide the sort of web links that make editors happy , but i am working on gathering better information .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the model is not without its problems , but wikipedia without editing would be nothing at all .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other early works include a NNP ( 1936 ) for piano and the orchestral ancient dance ( 1938 ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this category mainly reflects italian painters active before the 19th century in the city of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the rising action , in the narrative of a work of fiction , follows the exposition and leads up to the NN .	2	13	VBZ	follows	follow
the video is a production of `` NNP media group '' with NN mike static .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he is the willing NN , '' and that he has the `` power to VB himself in creatures being VBN , but only if such creatures are of good alignment and have not done anything to deserve such treatment .	26	27	VBP	are	is
featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section include referencing , NN and due weight .	2	10	VBP	include	includes
RB , a RB JJ structure can be defined as a structure where , if it is possible to find internal actions in equilibrium with external loads , those internal actions are unique .	30	31	VBP	are	is
look , the fact is that there simply is not a separate JJ verb for every single action one could possibly take .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the building is a JJ granite stone building .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBG NN metal is stronger than silver NN , which is stronger than JJ soft NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNS are the JJ , JJ NNS on the first floor of the senate wing in the united states capitol .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her unique contribution appears to be her efforts to retain the pride of place for NN even in the face of NN from western and north indian NNS .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the meaning of secret NN remains unknown .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain
at present , VBN responsibility exists as a statutory partial defence in most australian NNS .	4	5	VBZ	exists	exist
because of limited access , fishing pressure on the lower river is light .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the color is JJ and black in a NN NN pattern .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem is when someone is JJ to continually VB their warning and block history .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both editors make extensive arguments in edit wars in their edit summaries .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
a critical phase and actually essential requirement for VBG outcome of the NNP surgery is the compliance to a strict physical therapy program .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the trains currently operate NNP and north clyde line services .	1	3	VBP	operate	operates
the CD algorithm ( POS order combined NNP ) extends NNP in a variety of ways , which affect how NNP VBZ NNS to test while extending a clause under construction .	2	9	VBZ	extends	extend
certain races of NNS are more prone to using NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the process of reverse transcription is extremely JJ , and the resulting NNS may cause drug resistance or allow the virus to VB the body 's immune system .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the main field has a running track around it .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
suggested fa criteria concerns are NN ( CD ) and insufficient citations ( CD ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
also , RB one example of the popularity is its use by nonprofit organizations ( NNP ) .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
delete NNP gaming NNS are not suitable material for individual articles .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as a result of NNS , one gaelic surname often corresponds to numerous english forms , e .	8	10	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
another royal charter dated 8 may CD lists JJ counts , among them NNP NNP , but the list appears to be JJ , as fernando NNP , not count until CD , appears as NNP NNP NNS .	18	19	VBZ	appears	appear
small mammals , ranging in size from NNS to NNS , are regular prey and often become the NN 's primary prey during winter .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the exhibit hosts over 30 works spanning over the past 20 years .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
note ; this project is not directly affiliated with nor is contracted under the united states air force .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
npov , both RB mentioning that the holiday has both religious and secular aspects .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
even the smoke trail itself shows two very distinct paths that lay side by side in almost perfect NN .	3	5	VBZ	shows	show
an important issue is whether the page was deleted on the merits , typically through the articles for deletion process .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in general , while supporters of chinese NN believe that all languages used on taiwan should be respected , they tend to believe that NNP should have a preferred status as the common working language between different groups .	4	8	VBP	believe	believes
the concept of being JJ only really makes sense for hollow objects .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make
wikiproject NNP open NN project creates and VBZ articles related to JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	creates	create
many patients experience the loss of NN in the arms and legs on the affected side of the body .	1	2	VBP	experience	experiences
the headquarters is in the city of NNP and its jurisdiction extends over the entire NNP region excluding the alto NNP province .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBG is a NN that is willing to make NNS and the employee makes NNS for a mutual agreement .	12	13	VBZ	makes	make
the centre also contains a NNP pool , NN facilities and NN basketball area .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
population is from 2010 census data , where available .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
five to six days a week , NNP NNS head out into texas residential areas and go JJ VBG citizens on current issues and getting them involved by collecting membership contributions and having them write letters to corporate , federal , state and local figures .	8	9	VBP	head	heads
this category contains articles that have been rated as NNP and NNP by the wikiproject chess .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the article is not ok for the mainspace as is .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the writing consists of middle kingdom JJ characters written right to left .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the little church of st lawrence at bradford on NNP dates back to his time , and may safely be regarded as his .	2	10	VBZ	dates	date
the NNS flee and find out that the NNPS have captured annie and the money .	1	2	VBP	flee	flees
the matt NNP entry reads like a biographical NN piece as well .	3	4	VBZ	reads	read
it prevents JJ processes , such as phase NNS , from occurring by only providing a narrow window of time in which the reaction is both RB favorable and RB accessible .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
this opinion is not in line with outcomes of court cases in india against muslims suspected of involvement in terrorist activities with muslims being convicted in the 1992 mumbai NNS , 2006 mumbai train NNS and various other NNS acts in india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use for the memory NNP image is being linked here ; though the picture is subject to copyright i ( NNP ) feel it is covered by the u .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
strategic railways are lines built on military grounds without regard to the economics or the potential civilian traffic on the line in peace times .	1	2	VBP	are	is
dale 's favorite tv shows are NNP and son and what 's happening !	4	5	VBP	are	is
this method of VBG contract price allows the NN method to more accurately account for the NN 's basis in the property .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP is appointed NN of chancellor NNP , a JJ job he does not desire , but then his master , NNP NNP , makes him a knight , instead of the former NNP he was .	19	24	VBZ	makes	make
the popular equation is only part of the story .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
existing vii applications use NNS within vehicles which can identify NNS on the NN or signing along the side of the road , automatically VBG vehicle parameters as necessary .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
comic strip formats vary widely from publication to publication , so that the same newspaper comic strip may appear in a JJ different formats with different numbers of panels , different sizes of panels and different arrangement of panels .	2	3	VBP	vary	varies
NNP english VBZ NNP NN ; the NNP word is NNP and a somerset man still says NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the left side of his coat of arms is the shield of the diocese of NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
but NNP makes sure she gets her way and makes the girls flee the scene , letting NNP take the fall .	11	12	VBP	flee	flees
traditional finnish cuisine is a combination of european , NNP and western russian elements ; table NNS are european .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
where on the NN screen any individual particle shows up will be the result of an entirely random process .	7	8	VBZ	shows	show
coach of the team of 2005 is the legendary NNP NNP - NNP NNP - NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
another case is a pay television subscription , which is JJ but JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
she also says that she realizes that the advertising tone is inappropriate .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the area around jones has a few more lakes in a JJ setting .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
an important general result of the theory states that if g is a group with NNP 's property ( t ) then g does not admit any JJ splitting , that is , that any action of g on a tree x without NNS has a global fixed NN .	35	44	VBZ	has	have
this same tribe follows the spirit of `` the great NNP '' , a mighty spirit of the winter and the wind who takes the form of a great white wolf and aids his people in their times of need .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow
though their back catalogue is now out of print , they are what started the JJ punk movement in the midwest .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
devices VBG a NN with a trigger NN are available .	0	8	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS include those which do not actively remove any functionality , but rather aim to improve the way the ear works .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the device makes use of the cloud based services model , but uses no desktop NN client ( in the style of palm 's NNP NN method ) .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
fair use in brown NNP girl NN is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
i was sued because i wrote an article the NNP movement wants badly to VB .	10	11	VBZ	wants	want
the market offers many JJ goods for the people working in the area and the local bengali community .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
a similar search shows that CD should be in will have to get NNP out for that i think .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
this NN system also affects the effectiveness of the pilot 's weapons as well ; for example , the pilot can throw up to two hand NNS at once if they have used it enough times .	2	4	VBZ	affects	affect
its current premises are in the NNP NNP in madrid .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the road heads through NN and crosses a norfolk southern railroad line .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
the NN reservoir has a maximum area of , a maximum volume of , and a maximum depth of .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the year of the angry rabbit is a science fiction novel by australian author russell NNP , in which giant mutant NNS run RB in australia while the prime minister uses a new NN to dominate the planet .	21	22	VBP	run	runs
this section is potentially interesting as it suggests a JJ nature in several mental processes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
ip address block ended and not anticipated to VB ; editor has access to wikipedia through a JJ ip address , user becomes a NN , etc .	21	22	VBZ	becomes	become
the business NN NN rate is also used by some employers for computing employee NN amounts when an employee operates an JJ automobile for the employer 's business purposes .	18	19	VBZ	operates	operate
the water runs up hill through the NN .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
this uncertainty is due to the fact that most of the world 's population is situated in russia and former soviet NNS where it is not VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this behavior is more inline with the present-day vandal savage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN of NN NN similarly passes behind the lateral NN into the sole .	1	6	VBZ	passes	pass
waters , NNP and hamilton propose that negative life experiences often cause changes in attachment styles .	9	11	VBP	cause	causes
i have discussed it but the person who wrote the article originally seems to think no one has a right to change it .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
the decision to have the club 's home shirt with black and white stripes is indeed NN to the island and its history .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the south ( front ) facade features a JJ central pavilion with three JJ JJ windows with NNS and rectangular blocks at the NNS .	5	6	VBZ	features	feature
furthermore , the church , through its schools , offers to all parents the option of a christian education for their children .	3	9	VBZ	offers	offer
promotion above NNP needs to be approved by the regional headquarters .	0	3	VBZ	needs	need
in case the company fails to reach the JJ price , bond NN is to get it VBD .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
i take these notes from various sources ( including other wikipedia articles ) and sometimes the context is not clear .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
such NNS vary from small range JJ fire NNS , to much larger JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
this one is , surprise surprise , .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the course runs class 2 and 3 rapids with JJ public access .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
observations indicate that it contains large amounts of water ice , about JJ of the total water in earth 's NNS .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
well technically a red category link is wrong .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the times publishes two versions each week , one with a cover price sold via subscription , NNS and NNS ; the other with no cover price included as an insert in each sunday edition of the times ( the copies are otherwise identical ) .	40	41	VBP	are	is
the district includes the central western portion of NNP county , and includes parts of NNP , allen , NNP , and other surrounding communities .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this is the JJS form of the NNP cylinder , and it can be seen that if the ratio of outer to inner NN is greater than e the NN inside the bore actually VBZ the NN of the magnetic material used to create the cylinder .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
the chief risk officer ( NNP ) or chief risk management officer ( NNP ) of a corporation is the executive NN for enabling the efficient and effective governance of significant risks , and related opportunities , to a business and its various segments .	3	18	VBZ	is	are
school districts in the region provide opportunities for advanced learning through gifted and academic NNP programs and VBN programs in music , visual arts , and dramatic arts .	1	5	VBP	provide	provides
nodes or units are simple processing elements , which can be considered artificial NNS .	0	3	VBP	are	is
first inaugural run of NNP temple golden car is november 2 , 2009 ) will run during important festivals like NNP , NNP , NNP festival etc .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN fruits are hard , JJ , and high in bitter NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the digital content protection llc approved NNP iii in 2009 as a JJ interface for carrying content whose owner wants NNP security .	18	19	VBZ	wants	want
the mine has the form of a moderate , RB JJ , pale JJ , transparent NN , with JJ parts along the margin .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ people are people originating in the south american nation of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
now , special forces fall through the roof window of the room .	3	4	VBP	fall	falls
NNS of JJ NNS come from the fact that , in order to reverse sense of rotation of one NN , a NN needs to be used or the engine or engine installation must be different .	0	4	VBP	come	comes
according to the church 's sacred texts and NNS by its leaders and NNS , the church leaves open the possibility that it may one day VB the practice .	16	17	VBZ	leaves	leave
his writings , like those of his fellow NNS , reveal considerable mathematical training and facility .	1	10	VBP	reveal	reveals
urban NNS are the cities , towns , and urban strips constructed by humans .	1	2	VBP	are	is
due to their large size and JJ life history there have been a number of studies of NNP , the members of which are among the largest of the JJ NNP .	20	23	VBP	are	is
i assume its something as simple as checking whether the current time is later than the block flag in the user database .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
a local public holiday sees the city 's businesses perform street theatre for NNS by and street NNS VBP .	8	9	VBP	perform	performs
although any single edit is a benefit - the recent minor changes , mostly to NNS , have done nothing to change the NNS deletion issues .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category is for american football at washington college in NNP , maryland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` NNP '' by the scouting wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
current examples of JJ states include the NNP empire , the NNP state , the NNP ' kingdom of NNP , NNP ( NNP state ) , NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
entry to these chambers is from a VBN hall .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
these disputes reflect modern NNS and are an NN in the articles ' NN in most cases .	1	2	VBP	reflect	reflects
often such NNS go JJ , later one has to scan the entire history to trace the last best edit .	2	3	VBP	go	goes
the purpose of this essay is to provide an opinion as to what exactly is going on with the NN and linking of dates .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this screening instrument identifies children who can benefit from early intervention services .	2	3	VBZ	identifies	identify
today among historians , the argument that you just asserted -- that there was an economic system particular to VB nations and distinct from other systems -- is subject to a considerable amount of debate .	5	27	VBZ	is	are
disorders characterized by NN include NNP 's disease and forms of NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
my opinion is that it should still be NNP stadium - the non sponsored name was just as valid then as it is now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this minor act , coming at a time of JJ environmental NN , appears to have entered the public memory as references to it have VBN her over the years .	2	13	VBZ	appears	appear
the second reason that it would probably be found JJ is that this essentially says that a doctor is required to provide treatment to a JJ child , or NN , however way you want to describe it .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
his engagement in addressing JJ issues and campaigns is extensive .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
delete - VBZ the category which is designed for the job this list tries to do .	12	13	VBZ	tries	try
JJ compounds ( NNS ) include NN compounds , NNS , NNS , JJ NN compounds , NNS or NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the area is largely rural , and is probably best known for its fishing and walking opportunities - with easy access to the NNP valley and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when marble monuments are destroyed by time , their memories survive in poems they have inspired , and can in turn JJ deep NNS in new generations .	9	10	VBP	survive	survives
PRP is from NNP ; her name comes from NNP , NNP , and NNP , NNP .	6	7	VBZ	comes	come
with these NNP devices , users are able to create custom JJ NNP variants for power , board space , performance and cost NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the process of ip NN is from soft core to generate JJ hard ( hardware ) NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the problem here is that i can definitely see myself going delete on some of these , and strong keep on others - which is an indication that this particular debate is overly broad .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
the market pressures experienced by small NNS in rural areas also VBP to NNS being more expensive in these areas than in urban areas .	2	11	VBP	lend	lends
NNS are of the form ( NNP ) v ( NNP ) or n ( a JJ NN ) , where NNP is the most common JJ type .	0	1	VBP	are	is
emotions are , in this view , NNS to engage in behaviour influenced by the needs of the person .	0	1	VBP	are	is
not included in either lists are works currently considered lost , fragments , and works for which details other than title are unknown .	17	21	VBP	are	is
the current NNP NNP members of the JJ house of assembly are NNP o'connor , nick NNP , kim booth , tim morris and paul NNP .	4	11	VBP	are	is
stockholm 's location appears in norse NN as NNP , and in NNP in connection with the legendary king NNP .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
a NN hammer , of mass CD , falls under gravity on to a piece of hot metal which VBZ in a fixed die .	2	8	VBZ	falls	fall
the system now is way too complicated .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
some companies that VBP NNP information are NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the station has a duty to provide at least three hours of gaelic programming per week .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the upgrade involves a new NN and the NN of a new low noise NN which increases the NN 's NN to low radar NN targets .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
however , the use of NN is so traditional and firmly VBD that it is almost impossible to remove VBN drinks from the diet of patients in mental institutions .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
depending on the cultural background , in some families this celebration is more important than christmas .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
for 2010 , only four finishes are available .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the cite templates used are book and web .	2	4	VBP	are	is
past directors include john NNP , carol lancaster , charles NNP , and john NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
he is also respected greatly by NNP , as the prince seems to listen to his wise words .	10	11	VBZ	seems	seem
every year new emerging social enterprises present their business model VBG variety of business models ranging from agriculture , to technology , tourism and education .	5	6	VBP	present	presents
beyond that , the lead seems to be fairly JJ and of appropriate length .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
current JJ evidence indicates that while a NN may have been established even earlier than this in the NNP region , it is too early to call it a kingdom .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the chapter consists of 60 sections which are organised into 5 parts .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the key word here is objective .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
his theories fall into the school of economic thought led by carl NNP .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
the two locations are about 20 m apart .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the last musical bridge is extended and very JJ , while part of the NN raises and reveals a tunnel into which farmer goes and VBZ .	11	15	VBZ	raises	raise
so , the design VBZ a kind of translation to VB down `` abstract '' version .	3	4	VBZ	undergoes	undergo
the linked web site is funny .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
that text is fairly long and you should read it slowly and carefully .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sons are an english folk rock band .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP club works for a NN environment .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
NNP 's monthly deutsche NNP publication , which VBZ to bridge national and cultural differences , is the JJ version of the traditional cultural newspaper .	5	16	VBZ	is	are
the party advocates the provision of extra resources for `` especially gifted children '' and the NN of NNS of special needs schools .	1	2	VBZ	advocates	advocate
schools , churches and a JJ environment now VBP the western portion of NNP hill .	0	8	VBP	characterize	characterizes
other projected ave lines are NNP and a NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
motion of the aluminium NN in the magnetic gap creates JJ NNS within the material , which further increase the temperature , VBG long-term survival .	0	9	VBZ	creates	create
rapid growth occurs and the NN 's main external features begin to take form .	2	10	VBP	begin	begins
NNP ) , where many large and middle size industries are concentrated .	9	10	VBP	are	is
as an article on wikipedia gets better , one way or another it has to get a lot less VBG for all but the best editors , if the article is to maintain its quality .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
what this means is that as more people take the test , the scores will VB over time .	7	8	VBP	take	takes
NNS who perform more of the operations each year tend to have fewer patients VBP .	0	9	VBP	tend	tends
this test is unique in that it offers more accuracy than any other test available for this type of measurement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a common feature of the NNP group is a better resistance to certain types of environmental stress , such as low water availability and high salt concentrations , than many traditional european grape varieties .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this article refers to this variant , but from now on it will be simply called NNP or NNP , names by which it is identified by the people who speak the language .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
your current answer is JJ and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the VBN stone exterior leads to an VBN nave and sanctuary with a miniature tower .	2	4	VBZ	leads	lead
my meaning is that the NNP should not have brought this to a noticeboard at all , certainly not the intervention against vandalism noticeboard .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its creator , baron NNP , appears to have been defeated .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
concerns include scholarly needs and legal requirements for authentic or original records as well as questions about the NN , quality and NN of JJ materials .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
i could see adding a tag to NNP to address the second case listed above , but the default seems just fine otherwise .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem
the family of NNP NNP mozart sets out on a european tour , ending this year in paris .	1	6	VBZ	sets	set
the point where the electron beam strikes the target is called the JJ spot .	5	6	VBZ	strikes	strike
the new york open centre NNP reference has his name , but that is linked to the wikipedia article ; the NNP reference does include his biography , but this in itself is not sufficient to show notability .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
NN VBD that while NNP is `` a nice enough singer , '' she `` in no way has the NNS '' the song requires .	23	24	VBZ	requires	require
the lake is part of the basin of the NNP river , which flows into lake NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they stated that they used the wider definition in their review paper because behavioral criteria are easier to identify and do not require complex analysis of an individual 's NNS .	14	15	VBP	are	is
its borders are east capital street , minnesota ave , NNP road up to CD street .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the point of posting a notice here is to VB the participation in the discussion beyond the currently three involved parties ( NNP , NNP and myself ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
as the NN of the brady clan , caroline 's children are roman brady , NNP brady and NNP brady ( with NNP ) , and bo brady ( with victor NNP ) , and adopted children NNP brady and max brady .	10	11	VBP	are	is
a NNP 's followers often address the NN as his NNP .	3	5	VBP	address	addresses
after a long period of decline the park was finally closed in 1933 , large parts are today covered by the NNP .	15	16	VBP	are	is
for example , in the game of go , the stones , which are black and white , are of slightly different sizes ( black slightly larger ) , to give the appearance of being the same size .	10	18	VBP	are	is
rocket raymond the inhabitants of a distant planet believe that rex is their hero , rocket raymond .	3	8	VBP	believe	believes
the priority of south NNPS full development is not only due to its shared nature with NNP , but also with huge capability of the field to add significant liquid production to iranian liquid export capacity .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP , aluminium and NN can VB with water , but the reaction is usually very slow unless the metal samples are specially prepared to remove the surface layer of NN which VBZ the rest of the metal .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NNP system is an exclusive experimental device associated with the NNP NNP and later with the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
of course you can use the NNS to set out what the movement advocates , but then the article needs to use independent sources .	18	19	VBZ	needs	need
national archives photo '' does not mean the photo is public domain .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the two surface highways cross town creek and begin to climb polish mountain , with md CD following a JJ curve while NNP road follows a JJ alignment .	3	4	VBP	cross	crosses
the lower three counties of the province of pennsylvania become the colony of delaware .	3	9	VBP	become	becomes
the commune includes three villages in an area of approximately CD square kilometers .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
important singers may have offices near the NNP ; the daily life of the NNP is traditionally run by a female first singer , while a male second singer represents the NNP 's interests overseas .	28	29	VBZ	represents	represent
the purpose of the cement is to seal the NN or NN and prevent fluid from VBG between underground rock layers .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
forest resources include timber and minerals , among them gold , copper , silver , NN , and JJ minerals such as NN for making cement , and NNS for NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
although it is possible to VB them at home , many owners find it easier to pay a professional NN and , to avoid VBG , they VBP out the coat regularly between NNS .	11	12	VBP	find	finds
if your behavior VBZ , the block has done its job .	2	3	VBZ	improves	improve
although languages that are described as having NN and JJ aspects agree in most cases in their use of these aspects , they may not agree in every situation .	1	11	VBP	agree	agrees
my goal is to put only reliable information in wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the myth relates to the northern NNP , which may have been the JJ origin of the myth itself , as robert graves thought .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
his eyes are pools of shadows with NNS of light within .	1	2	VBP	are	is
her work is dark , often explicit , and RB distinctive , which has been described as `` JJ gothic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the islands in the eastern part are part of the NNP NNP strict nature reserve , except NNP de la NNP and NNP island .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the corresponding sign to show where the repeat is from is either the same sign reversed ( if it is at the beginning of a measure ) , or the NNS themselves ( if it is in the middle of a measure ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
animal welfare science uses a variety of JJ or JJ measures or NNS .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the male has a bright JJ face which is NN on the crown and slightly VB on the NNS , NNS and ear NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
board 's powers include conducting surveys , investigations , research and JJ projects relating to soil and water conservation ( in areas like irrigation , water quality , and soil erosion ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the philosophy behind athletics at curtis as stated by the school itself , is to help to VB in a person , the values of NN , NN , and playing by the rules .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
and so the edit warring continues .	3	5	VBZ	continues	continue
NNP wording is not an issue , but article quality is .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
on the other side , the JJ part forms a little NN that is what remains of the NN NN .	7	8	VBZ	forms	form
it 's time that a quarterback comes in here and provides leadership , a JJ guy , a vertical passing game .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
in summary , without specific NNS that the contents of the website are either NNP or under a license which is compatible with wikipedia 's , it is generally assumed that the copyright of all the contents of the website belong to the website owner .	8	12	VBP	are	is
regarding the latter , david NNP argues that because `` anger and VBN are NNS inherent in our very frame and constitution , the lack of them is sometimes evidence of NN and NN .	24	27	VBZ	is	are
reply to NNP - indeed , several parties want to hide the ugly truth , to justify their NN ; however , you chose the wrong person to pick on .	7	8	VBP	want	wants
the NNS are JJ when young and JJ JJ brown in age , with an NN attachment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP east , the road crosses into washington township and comes to an interchange with NNP , at which point the road is a NN divided highway that runs near businesses .	4	5	VBZ	crosses	cross
i made a few minor NN changes , but overall i think the article meets the fa criteria .	13	14	VBZ	meets	meet
i have n't seen any if those credible JJ sources confirm the existence of NN 's , NNP , NNP , etc .	9	10	VBP	confirm	confirms
new members are welcome to join , and update the JJ list .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the history of the poles in baltimore dates back to the late 19th century .	1	7	VBZ	dates	date
military units built include NNP ( armed personnel carriers ) , NN vehicles ( federation ) , NN NNS ( NNS and NNPS ) , JJ NNS , and other specific vehicles to each specific race .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
also the recently created admin , NNP is JJ .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the letters indicate that the two had married on 20 may 1872 , after which her letters to him are addressed `` my JJS husband '' .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
the way that the cells stay VBN in the case of dna NN is JJR to us than it is in the case of NN shape .	4	5	VBP	stay	stays
the image is significant ; it is the first published NNPS strip .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in contrast to the JJ mechanism in which NNP largely VBP the organization of the JJ NN , this model VBZ that NNS are VBN RB near NNS and RB JJ into JJ NNS and adopt a JJ structure .	19	20	VBZ	proposes	propose
the two upper floors , divided by two thick frames , feature 37 VBD windows with JJ stone frames .	3	11	VBP	feature	features
the editor was trying to say that strategy guides gives both a NN or a collection of NNS .	7	8	VBZ	guides	guide
examples are specialist fees , electronic communications networks fees , exchange modify and NN fees , clearing fees , regulatory fees etc .	0	1	VBP	are	is
we state that our text is available under the gfdl .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this was filmed in such a way that as the actors pass each other in the NN , they also pass into the opposite frame of the split screen .	10	11	VBP	pass	passes
NN students have rapid access to more than 46 million volumes from over 85 ohio institutions in through the NNP consortium .	1	2	VBP	have	has
philosophy of sex is an aspect of applied philosophy involved with the study of sex and love .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
controversial information which a party wants to keep hidden , such as details about corruption issues , is often published or VBN RB .	4	5	VBZ	wants	want
support , good editor , manages to stay cool when the editing gets hot , as the link in the oppose section shows .	3	5	VBZ	manages	manage
the modern irish name however is a NNP of NNP islands into NNP NNP .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
the fourth car has several NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
persistent NN language in NNP is another issue on political sites , schools , villages etc .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the lead needs to be expanded , my rule of NN is to include every header in the lead in some way .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
meanwhile , carl 's son visits him and gives his father some JJ news .	4	5	VBZ	visits	visit
the top part however has two holes in it , one in the middle to keep NNS and the other on the side to place a handle for VBG .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
three bridges connect NNP with rock island , illinois ; the rock island NNP bridge , the crescent rail bridge , and the JJS downstream bridge , the sergeant john f .	1	2	VBP	connect	connects
unlike a puppet state or satellite state , a colony has no independent international representation , and its JJ administration is under direct control of the metropolitan state .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP engine numbers have the unique NN NNP ' , while NNP engines are JJ POS ' .	12	13	VBP	are	is
small villages that form part of upper santa cruz are NNP , NNP village , NNP road , NNP , NNP , NNP heights , NNP , NNP , la NNP settlement , and NNP .	1	9	VBP	are	is
which means that the `` JJ '' faction accepts that there will be no move without consensus , and the `` JJ '' faction accepts that some people will continue to lobby for a name change .	23	24	VBZ	accepts	accept
this product makes no showing of historical , technical , or cultural significance .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the NN is a JJ cluster of VBG NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are usually in the NN or NN scales , while the fixed pitch JJ NN is strictly in NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category is for articles describing relationships between religious and JJ aspects of society .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the club offers functions on most weekends and the usual activities of NN , NNS and pool .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the title is a parody of the book up the down NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if a block hits the NN when the shield is not activated the player loses control of the NN for a few moments .	13	14	VBZ	loses	lose
the NNS are JJ to nearly free , numerous , colored pale brown , JJ brown , or tobacco brown .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it 's a little short compared to other NNP , as NNP 's career has been quite short , yet , but the article is comprehensive .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
my suggestion is to discuss the edit on the article 's talk page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN students have the opportunity to experience a variety of field trips every year .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the third tallest building is the frost bank plaza .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the linux distribution that the book and video focus on is NNP , particularly the NNP edition .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
beaver has a nervous habit of VBG on NNS ; as he tries to take one from his pocket , the creature hits the seat , and beaver VBZ all the NNS on the JJ floor .	21	22	VBZ	hits	hit
baldwin city ; road continues as ohio road .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue
doug perry of NNP said that `` what the game lacks in history and NN , it makes up for in a deep JJ fighting system , JJ graphics , and layers of gameplay modes that few games offer .	37	38	VBP	offer	offers
management may include the use of NNS and length limits to ensure that populations are not JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
first circle demons are the descendants of greater demons rather than aspects of them , generally divided into various JJ species , with NN and NN quite rare among them .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP ( finnish ) , NNP ( swedish ) , `` administration of forests , '' is a JJ enterprise in finland .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's major work is the NNP NNP NN NN NN NN ( CD ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a NN also appears on the 1982 exercise album NNP , but with mostly different lyrics ( `` kick your NNS up '' and `` NNP like a NNP '' are kept in this version ) .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
her real name is NNP NNP , although her name was given as NNP NNP in silver age legion stories in adventure comics ; the revelation that her name was actually NNP NNP was a later NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the top field to the right of the center field shows a building , perhaps a shrine , with a NN VBN on its roof .	2	10	VBZ	shows	show
hence no page links to this image now .	2	3	VBZ	links	link
this means that the information we are citing is JJ , not physical .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the man who bears the sword sings musical NNS with a JJ voice and the ceremony continues until they VBP their circle into a NN .	15	16	VBZ	continues	continue
fair use in local NNP live IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the list includes the NNP ( NNP ) - with 53 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
today , the villages VBP together and the boundary is almost JJ despite the close geographic tie between these two neighbours , the parishes were distinct until the late 20th century .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the smoking man arrives by helicopter with eight armed NN and , not finding NNP inside , orders the NN to be burned .	2	3	VBZ	arrives	arrive
christian saint it VBZ that the saint was a virgin .	1	3	VBZ	denotes	denote
NN because their contribution to the project is valuable and with a little more NN i would have been looking to support .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a failed NN bid for elected office is not notable .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
aquatic insects live some portion of their life cycle in the water .	1	2	VBP	live	lives
t wireless services company remains defunct .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
this article speaks of a detroit hip hop scene .	1	2	VBZ	speaks	speak
international patent applications filed under the patent cooperation treaty are not subject to the payment of maintenance fees .	2	9	VBP	are	is
a responsible entity has the dual role of trustee and manager of an investment scheme , and must be appointed if an investment scheme needs to be registered .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the first entry , for the year CD , reports a battle at NNP NNP between NNP NNP `` with the NNP NN '' and NNP mac NNP with the NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	reports	report
the means are higher because the player can choose those four cards that VBP their point holdings .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most of the population lives to the west of the pacific highway in a housing subdivision while some residents live to the east of the highway in a JJ area .	18	19	VBP	live	lives
animal proteins are excluded from the diet under the JJ NN that NNS develop as a result of JJ enzyme NN .	12	13	VBP	develop	develops
the structure consists of a lower stem , a JJ region , an upper stem and a NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
for such occasions , the women of the family traditionally prepare an elaborate set of dishes , including NN , NN , NN , and so forth .	5	10	VBP	prepare	prepares
the event attracts large croatian crowds and is intended to allow each host club to gain financially so that they can maintain stability and promote their croatian name and heritage in their own cities .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
metal NNS are beneficial in some cases because they have high NN due to lower NN for the frequency range of spike signals .	1	2	VBP	are	is
these NNS VBP RB along the NN row , suggesting that the JJ teeth of the upper NNS were longer and projected NNS to a degree .	1	2	VBP	disappear	disappears
the bridge is currently under close inspection as it has VBN greatly over the last few years .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while the spirits do n't appear often , some spirits have enough power to VB in human or animal forms and live together with humans .	9	10	VBP	have	has
the naming of the river NNP is a local NN ' from the name of the town ; and the river is elsewhere known as the beam .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
winners include emily NNP ( 2004 ) , dylan NNP ( 2005 ) , NNP NNP ( 2006 ) , thomas NNP ( 2007 ) and ashley NNP ( 2008 ) .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these are partisan terms , and the user has a really bad habit of getting himself into many pov battles and acting as a partisan and not a NN .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
as a result , her friends begin to think they are secretly dating .	5	6	VBP	begin	begins
i believe that the user is a fine , valuable , outstanding contributor .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
with NNP 's NN proven beyond doubt , and both pairs of lovers reunited , the entire cast ( including the dead NNP ) VBZ on stage for the final chorus , as they celebrate the reign of a JJ and JJ king .	17	24	VBZ	gathers	gather
NNP NNS that are only VBN are not light brown and NN , but rather are dark yellow and NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the station is adjacent to the harbor park baseball stadium along the elizabeth river on the eastern edge of downtown .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other examples of JJ NN receptors include the NN receptor , the NNP receptor , the NNP protein receptor , the NNP NNP growth factor ( or NNP ) receptor , etc .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the only remaining building in the village is the w .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
characteristics of JJ include that they were exotic , often taking place in europe , she says that this challenged the young readers and expanded their minds .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
many NN services are available at exit 42 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
many commuter towns act as suburbs of a nearby NN that workers travel to daily , and many suburbs are commuter towns .	18	19	VBP	are	is
several organisations promote NNP in the uk .	1	2	VBP	promote	promotes
NNP NN is the most important commercial NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is printed on all school NNS , NNS , NNS , physical education and athletic uniforms as well as school NNS , NNS , note book covers and other articles .	26	27	VBZ	covers	cover
and the JJ bird spoke to me and said , WP are you doing , abraham , on the holy heights , where no one VBZ or drinks , nor is there upon them food for men .	24	25	VBZ	eats	eat
each type uses the same basic JJ structure , differing only in kind and degree of emotions portrayed .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the article itself has a lot of potential .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
in areas of italy where the two animals are JJ , the extent to which NNS are VBN upon by wolves has led to them developing more aggressive behaviour toward both wolves and domestic dogs .	7	8	VBP	are	is
in the NN , the advantage of an exchange is usually enough to win the game if the side with the NN has one or more NNS .	18	22	VBZ	has	have
i know this decision means i may never be president .	3	4	VBZ	means	mean
i recognize that a large number of stub articles created in an instant can make things difficult , mainly because we are just a few active members , but then again i think this bot is very beneficial to the project , if used with NN .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the first thing to do is to become contributors .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the council aims to promote consistency and NN in VBG and promoting public understanding of the VBG process .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
however a much better solution is to say what you actually mean , e .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
firstly since the worker lives with the people she is in a better position to identify the cause of the various health problems and hence counter them .	3	4	VBZ	lives	live
the dutch treaty data base says the same .	4	5	VBZ	says	say
the israel defense forces ( NNP ) death toll ranges from CD to CD , depending on the source and whether or not casualties that occurred after the NN are included .	8	9	VBZ	ranges	range
according to the united states census bureau , the city has a total area of of which is land and ( 4 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
other than with NN or NN NNS , windows in NNS require a well and are below grade .	8	11	VBP	require	requires
many private colleges offer programmes whereby the student does part of his degree course here and part of it in the other institution , this method is named `` NN '' .	2	3	VBP	offer	offers
so the article has a purpose , describes a notable topic in the public domain , and is extremely useful .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
they added , `` just in time for NN season , the video features dawn richard and NNP harper singing and dancing in the snow like JJ versions of the snow NNP .	12	13	VBZ	features	feature
its natural habitats are JJ forests , rivers , freshwater lakes , and freshwater NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
after the NN is found guilty , the NN officer puts together a JJ investigation report ( NNP ) .	9	10	VBZ	puts	put
in spite of the roughly equivalent 1500 metres race , the mile run is present in all fields of athletics and it remains the only imperial distance for which the NNP records an official world record .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this way the defendant is not responsible for distribution of judgment NNS to the individual NNS or the JJ use ( such as environmental NN or NN ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNS of plates display between 8 and some 600 separate plates VBN to their NNS .	2	5	VBP	display	displays
as above , hill has no notability independent of his book , and i think that a mention of the book in the NNP article as NNP suggests below should be sufficient .	17	27	VBZ	suggests	suggest
united kingdom have begun learning how to play real instruments after playing music video games such as guitar hero ; the group believes that these video games can be incorporated into music educational programs .	21	22	VBZ	believes	believe
the climate of the village is cool in summer and cold in winter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the african plains exhibit alone is as large as many entire NNS .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
cooperative employees turn the NNS regularly as NNS spot and remove bad NNS .	1	2	VBP	turn	turns
sometimes official band websites host lyrics .	2	3	VBZ	websites	website
JJ easy JJ section of the test is approximately 55 questions , with the exact number of questions varying with each test administration .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
their extremely aggressive abuse toward me repeatedly also makes it obvious that they are no NN .	3	8	VBZ	makes	make
NN VBZ that referred pain has no central mechanism .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
honey informs NNP that his mother knows and he will be getting VBN out and honey tries to tell him how she feels of him being in jail and says it breaks my heart seeing you selling yourself short like this , but he tells her to go .	5	6	VBZ	knows	know
the first part of the sentence is a complete statement , introducing a directly related explanation .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
an easter program features face painting , an egg NN , and a NN breakfast .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
these titles and their accompanying tenure include the condition that he can not have any salary , influence , or opinions .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the music video for this song features scenes of pink and others ( assumed to be her NNS ) getting dressed , having fun on a subway , and going to a NN .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
winters are JJ and JJ , while summer is hot and JJ .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the number of NNP branches increases by 16 to CD .	1	5	VBZ	increases	increase
each article has to stand on its own .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the village is next to the ruins of the ancient city of NNP and near the site of the battle of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the medical case allows us to explore the nature of the characters .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
note that only step 4 of the above procedure produces reduce actions , and so all reduce actions must occupy an entire table row , causing the reduction to occur regardless of the next symbol in the input stream .	0	9	VBZ	produces	produce
other populations have a lower NN of both the genetic NN and the clinical disease .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in VBG , a NN fighter VBZ between 55 NN ( CD NN ) and 59 NNS ( 130 NN ) .	5	6	VBZ	weighs	weigh
what is interesting is that the ip trace once again raises the suspicion that it is NNP .	7	10	VBZ	raises	raise
the need is also JJ because large amount of legacy code written over the past few decades needs to be VBN and VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sculpture seems an JJ NN of the will of man , which grants the ability to VB matter and makes nothing beyond reach or NN .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
other holy NNP trees which have a great significance in the history of buddhism are the NNP tree in NNP and the NNP tree in NNP , sri lanka .	3	14	VBP	are	is
coi editors from participating entirely , and usually only take action against an editor when their edits are disruptive in some way .	16	17	VBP	are	is
they are not subject to scholarly NN in the way that a published journal or serious book would be , and because of the nature of the business , facts are often JJ in the rush to jump on a media NN and get reports out before competitors .	29	30	VBP	are	is
the town is to the south-west of the town of NNP and to the west of the smaller town of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the congress declared that `` literary and artistic production is an important agent of the JJ and cultural NN in our country , and it is VBN to play a great role in the socialist education of the masses .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
but academic studies have shown that promotional activities are in fact JJ to long-term marketing NNP ( NNP et al .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the record most NNP won by a female artist in one night is six .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the amount of NN needed depends on the NN , with NN materials requiring more NN , but the NN is always less than the NN of the NN .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
JJ examples of VBG have a true `` gap '' , which means the JJ material appears RB in the JJ NNS , with a NN to its left and a NN to its right .	15	16	VBZ	appears	appear
i noticed his sight is `` on watch '' because he has no NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the top of the head is black with yellow stripes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the drake 's bill is dark grey , in eclipse NN often with some light JJ or JJ NN at the base .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
so in this ( very simple ) case , it is certainly true that we have a easy check that a `` yes '' answer is correct for a problem that requires hard work to solve .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
commercial light water NNS ( NNP ) generally use the NNP cycle , which is what JJ power plants use .	3	8	VBP	use	uses
the writing on the show is particularly effective at creating a sense of NN and NN , one reviewer noted , and the music and graphics contribute effectively to the tension and fear as well .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one major division of truth claims is that between positive and negative truth claims .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
every august , the centre is the venue for the british NNP fair .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
fire dragon states that the art takes NNP NNP and yang NNP and turns them into negative and positive charges which are then VBN .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
players have a number of cards with ingredients written in a variety of languages other than english .	0	1	VBP	have	has
with an NN running time of 120 minutes , death of a nation is NN 's first live dvd , VBG footage from various life shows , songs played are from JJ albums but most importantly their recently released terror state album .	27	29	VBP	are	is
the collection comprises machines and objects from JJ times , original NNS in canvas , photographs and diverse documents .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the members of each house are chosen in second year by the then VBZ , and a student remains , within the same house , throughout his time at the school .	17	18	VBZ	remains	remain
every field of sets and so also any NN also is a ring of sets .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the JJ steering wheel includes a wide variety of functions .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
hybrid plants generated from RB distant species can often give rise to new species if the NNS become RB isolated from the NN populations .	16	17	VBP	become	becomes
your face is your business if and only if you are in a business where your face is such .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS , advertising agencies and the media agree on a code of advertising standards that they attempt to VB .	3	7	VBP	agree	agrees
when the local electric field VBZ the JJ strength of NN air ( about 3 million NNS per meter ) , electrical discharge results in a strike , often followed by NN NNS VBG from the same path .	4	5	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
this attack is JJ extremely offensive and should at the very least be challenged .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the method to do so is to define what words to change when you alter the version .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the message presented is usually JJ , JJ , JJ or NN .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
building is headquarters of NNP , italian JJ oil and gas company .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the end of a cycle occurs only when one gender is able to dominate the other through conflict .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in 2001 NNP collaborated with frank NNP on the album my name is napoleon NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the major improvement is the range of this weapon is VBN to , but the speed is reduced to JJ level from the 1 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
praise and worship is JJ by the NNP worship band .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are necessary to increase sales of NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the main difference with the euro symbol is that it is included in most NNS , while the NNP is not .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNPS had predicted that without their intervention , the end of the universe is JJ , and that life will cease to exist in the future .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
the setting exists so that people can , while monitoring their watch lists , `` hide '' minor edits '' and review the rest .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
this film , also released as part of the snow white dvd , is a more JJ version of a trip through the walt disney studios , as well as be used as an even bigger way of promoting snow white .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
new NNS residing in RB populated , JJ areas have significantly lower body mass index ( NNP ) levels compared to other new NNP .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the village has post office situated on main street .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the building also includes NN rooms , orchestral facilities for the welsh national opera , dance studios for NNS , called the dance house , and the blue room , with seating for up to 100 .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
his wife , whom he also coaches , is the NN NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
this question belongs on the language desk .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
i do n't see how this character is notable , the only references are to the fictional work itself .	12	13	VBP	are	is
however , the view allows that other people 's reasoning can affect one 's own NNS .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
although the figures are modeled RB , the mood is RB , described by historian roger NNP as a JJ state of NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
through NNP , the route is a JJ commercial street , passing a large strip mall and the NNP public library .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
your reply seems to have little or nothing to do with the actual drv nomination .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
treatment has a link `` as measured by a blood test called the NN load '' .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the belt frequently has a NN face button , a trophy he claimed from a misleading pilot on a mission with the secret six .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
notable social psychology experiment is the stanford prison experiment conducted by philip NNP in 1971 , although the NN of this field experiment is not JJ of the field .	18	23	VBZ	is	are
as the story VBZ he is revealed to be JJ from ireland after killing a prince over a woman , which still VBZ him ; his true name is NNP .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
his published works include `` on NNP , a new genus of NNP from western australia '' and `` on NNP , a new genus of NNP '' in the transactions of the society , describing the genera NNP ( NNP ) and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the current page has no fictional material in it at all ; the hurricane names listed are ( as i understand it ) the names that the national hurricane center has indicated will be JJ for the 2011 atlantic hurricane season .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this place is famous for manufacture of wheels of NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category is for NN software able to run on linux .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
opening ceremonies were VBN while NNS dealt with mechanical problems during the NN lighting ceremony .	5	6	VBP	dealt	dealt
the cabinet of the netherlands is the main executive body of the dutch government .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the `` b '' truck is under the front of the unit , and has two powered NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP VBZ the degree to which the observed response patterns are consistent with the attribute hierarchy .	10	11	VBP	are	is
one landmark in NNP is the tall mountain NNP , which is VBN by 30 , 000 people each year .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
one example of this is arguably the way the government 's focus on education and social services drove councils to focus their spending and effort in these areas .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
after a boy named NNP NNS NNP and NNP for `` NNS '' and attacks them , they learn that the king of the country possesses a mysterious power .	21	25	VBZ	possesses	possess
this article is about the particular significance of the year CD to india and its people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
despite still not being mentioned on NNP debris , an original example of NNP chess is one of a number of NNP sets held in the gilbert and NNP NNP NNP collection , detroit , michigan .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
coi stuff , many users come and write stuff they are closely connected to - its not a JJ and actually is the way a large part of the wikipedia got written .	4	5	VBP	come	comes
this NN , now known as the NNP NN , is the NN NNP ( g ) generated by all the NNS of the group g .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
NNS are unlikely to VB the consumer 's tax NN by VBG sales .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in some systems , a whole range of JJ structures forms as the NN gets NN .	6	14	VBZ	gets	get
the infinite JJ space is therefore the JJ space k ( NNP , 1 ) and it is bo ( 1 ) , the NN space for line NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
individuals should also remember more during their young NN because that era is the time of biological NN , new experiences , adult identity formation , and major events in life scripts .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the standard recommendation is to read the administrators ' reading list .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are three to seven inches broad with JJ NN teeth .	1	2	VBP	are	is
their edit summaries are identical and none of them have done any other edits except those related to the record label and the musician .	2	3	VBP	are	is
all the keep votes above me are by users who have only edited the article in question , this vfd page , and NNP .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the same NN appears in sanskrit , also as JJ , JJ .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
in the usa , storage tanks operate under no ( or very little ) pressure , VBG them from pressure vessels .	5	6	VBP	operate	operates
the school has a NN and a skating ground .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the top layer is thin glass VBD close to a neighboring inner layer .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a bar serves the covered accommodation , and passengers can also use the open upper deck .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
another novelist , NNP , belongs to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	belongs	belong
the bank has two branches in saint petersburg and NNP and has 50 NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
although the survey is JJ , a NN of the JJ NNS suggested that the name be kept as NNP international airport .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first pressing of the NNP NN featured a VBN version of `` star star '' that was featured on the original us vinyl release , but not on the 1994 virgin cd ; later NNS feature the JJ version .	35	36	VBP	feature	features
the west side contains a JJ , JJ and VBN window in the first stage positioned above the small west door .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
companies that share certain characteristics may be referred to as a sector or industry , and investment professionals often refer to having a larger or smaller NN of investment assets to a particular sector .	0	19	VBP	refer	refers
move to userspace , template space is for wikipedia and article content only .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of model rockets and the NNS of NN rockets act RB to keep the axis of the rocket pointing in the direction of flight , which will not overcome the NN , but will greatly reduce it , and will give a gravity turn NN .	1	11	VBP	act	acts
the NNP oil field is an oil field located in batman , batman province , southeastern NNP region .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's original plans are with the owner of the building .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this kind of NN makes those NNS useful for numerical division in early NNS .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make
the prize for each award is 3 , 000 euro .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the sole program at NNP is the college of medicine .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this fact forms the basis for the VBG curve shown here .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
this robot is the result of a collaboration between NNP NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many customers who took out a shared appreciation NNS now find themselves trapped .	1	10	VBP	find	finds
the document VBZ by VBG in on a number of so-called NNS ' issues which mainly applied to the republic in its first year of existence .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
NNP railway station serves the villages of NNP and NNP in NNP , england .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
this is in contrast to VB where multiple client organizations are on a single server , or an JJ deployment where the client organization hosts their own instance .	23	24	VBZ	hosts	host
NNP said that the government 's explanation for the missing footage is that the tape was being replaced at the time .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
when swimming in this style the name NNP is apparent , since only the colored neck appears above water the bird looks like a snake ready to strike .	15	16	VBZ	appears	appear
roads connect NNP with NNP NNP ( and eventually NNP and NNP ) to the south , NNP to the east , and NNP ( eventually NNP ) to the north .	0	1	VBP	connect	connects
this practice somewhat resembles the greek custom of placing definite articles before all names ( see greek names ) .	1	3	VBZ	resembles	resemble
i have little doubt in my mind from the behavioral evidence that these reported accounts are NNP , though .	14	15	VBP	are	is
this category includes high school NNS who were named NNPS in american football by parade magazine .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the stations fall under four regional areas ; north ( NNP ) , east ( NNP ) , west ( NNP ) and south ( NNP ) ; with the regional headquarters located in NNP , stockholm , NNP , and NNP respectively .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
january 2009 NNP NNP page shows , ] that article was moved off of the NNP list in may 2007 .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
many JJ species separate into small family groups ( or `` clans '' ) for activities such as NN and territorial defense .	2	3	VBP	separate	separates
further evidence of this can be found in the season 8 episode `` kill clause '' , the ending of which implies that NNP has VBN the murder of a corrupt ceo who had his employees murdered for their life insurance .	11	21	VBZ	implies	imply
the tribe operates many programs to serve its members including a health clinic , a child care center , an adult and vocational education center , a college scholarship program , a housing authority , and a chemical NN treatment center .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
my idea of a perfect NN painting is one in which every detail is perfectly realistic , yet filled with a JJ , JJ mood .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the 2010 edition of malaysia cup starts on 14 september 2010 and concluded on 30 october 2010 with the final , held at national stadium , NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	starts	start
the earliest NN is in 1971 and takes place on the u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the song appears in a NN in the 2001 movie the royal NNP directed by filmmaker NNP anderson .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
deletion is one of a number of tools we can use to ensure we RB by this policy .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the fact that it was written by people whose first language is not english makes it all the more impressive .	1	14	VBZ	makes	make
the term , albeit not positive , is important .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
because nothing indicates that NNP mk was VBG this wikipedia at the time of his block , the block appears to be JJ .	18	19	VBZ	appears	appear
the picture of the hull on the stars and stripes ( yacht ) page is JJ not any of these boats i am writing on , but is one of the more recent boats , perhaps usa 11 .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
a plane lands at the wrong airport .	1	2	VBZ	lands	land
i 'm mainly wondering about the images , which i sometimes want to download from a profile but the visible resolution is RB small , even when the upload was quite large ( images are VBN after upload , though obviously the NNS might be deleted ) .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
if i remember correctly , search bar NN is quite a recent feature ; it might be that we need to update the guidelines with the implications it has for redirects .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
comment this NN is not a member of the wikiproject in question .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
sex ratio is CD and density of population is CD ( persons per NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a soldier VBG his duties is not news .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
on looking into the NNP has modern culture and society in the NN and the NNPS in the background , while one nation , two cultures is entirely about american culture and society .	22	26	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the town has a library and a movie theater , which has one to two NNS every month .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's appearance is an NN of the NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several organisations have created NNS to help users determine if a work is in copyright .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
a gang of NNS VBG a synagogue is not news .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
for example , the civilians are NNS of a scientist found in NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this category is for american football players at the illinois institute of technology .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the people are mostly NNP muslim .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in 2005 he commented , `` from the bottom of my heart , i hope that the NNP center will be a place where positive thoughts NN and where students from the school of architecture gather when they want to get together to discuss their ideas .	29	38	VBP	want	wants
delete this web show thing is not notable and unreferenced .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the album tells a story using ten songs , VBG NN with NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
this JJ article is a stub .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS describe compounds using NNS in various formats .	0	1	VBP	describe	describes
everyone says that people have to live `` now '' at the best they can .	3	4	VBP	have	has
this is why i feel this image is redundant .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
do n't delete they are an obscure band that few people are likely to have heard of and the article RB says they are RB ' the first tribute band to a tribute band , which is description , in order to tell people something general about them .	19	21	VBZ	says	say
yet the unincorporated areas have names and are considered communities by many residents despite having no JJ boundaries .	3	4	VBP	have	has
power cars are two cars as one pair .	1	2	VBP	are	is
three different shapes of NN NN water NNS reflect three different transport modes within marine NNS .	2	8	VBP	reflect	reflects
the decision to delete a child actor VBZ bad when the subject page in question contains a NN for money message from NNP wales .	12	15	VBZ	contains	contain
the land consists of NNS , the town alfred lives in is built in a typical dutch style , while he himself lives in a house made from a NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
their common custom is to set 7 as close as they can stand and 5 on top of them , and secure them with NNS which [ are ] VBN around them and made fast with NNS and covered with NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the game is generally objective based , requiring the player to defeat a certain amount of enemies , or hold a position until a NN runs out .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its student population is RB diverse with the highest proportion having an indian heritage .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
we get ( and do not dispute ) that the guy exists .	10	11	VBZ	exists	exist
the permanent collection has more than 42 , 000 works of art , and at least one major traveling exhibition is presented most of the time .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the second is a comprehensive approach to education that intentionally VBZ students to be active and engaged participants in an JJ world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the night before his birthday , gilbert catches NNP eating the cake for the next day , and as punishment RB attempts to VB him .	19	21	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the chef presents was an early australian television series , which aired from 1957 to 1959 on melbourne station NNP , and was hosted by NNP NNP , there is little information available on the series , and it is unlikely that any NN recordings exist of it .	44	45	VBP	exist	exists
the band 's name is an indonesian word ( pronounced by english speakers as POS NN ) that VBZ loosely as `` JJ time '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
world of dance is a NNP , JJ dance company JJ by dave NNP , president , and NNP NNP , now NNP of global operations founded in march 2008 .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
i just think the candidate needs some more experience .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
this VBZ that groups think together in a focused manner , staying on task , it also VBZ that they focus their efforts on the most important elements of any issue being discussed .	3	4	VBP	think	thinks
the presentation of this dispute gives me the impression that the filing party is looking for a discussion on the fa status .	1	5	VBZ	gives	give
also , note that i said the term in itself is not offensive but NNP is using it deliberately to cause NN , and that is my complaint .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP news films are in the collections of JJ fox and the university of south carolina at columbia , including the only known footage of earl i .	2	3	VBP	are	is
they also concluded from JJ reverse NN ( NN ) analysis that the five consecutive genes are JJ by the same JJ NN NN .	15	16	VBP	are	is
a standing column well system is a specialized type of open loop system .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP marketing technology brings the power to business to better understand their clients behavior and NNS , as well as create a communication channel to VB advertising , promotions , NNS and other messages .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring
second edit creates an article ( a favourite NNP NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	creates	create
construction and management simulation ( NNP ) is a type of simulation game in which players build , expand or manage fictional communities or projects with limited resources .	15	16	VBP	build	builds
by the end the government officials seem no better than the rats that VBP through the rice NNS in search of their NN .	5	6	VBP	seem	seems
other programs the university VBZ as `` RB unique '' include the marine biology and NN management programs .	3	4	VBZ	characterizes	characterize
this comment below has nothing to do with NN , but JJ care .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
an electric motor is also a generator .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
marx plays a minor role in these new NNS , and some contemporary scholars have suggested that marx 's interpretation of NNP is irrelevant to a proper reading of NNP .	19	22	VBZ	is	are
it 's worth noting that the content on 19th century representations is n't any better in quality than that on 20th and 21st century representations .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
maritime agencies continue to VB ships to avoid NNP waters or travel with NNS .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
although it is no longer under the jurisdiction of the department of veterans ' affairs , the hospital retains a historical significance to the veterans community in new south wales .	17	18	VBZ	retains	retain
fair use in NNP ( graphics ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the country is the world leader in JJ use with massive investment in NN technologies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN artists include writers , painters , NNS , poets , musicians , film directors , and fashion designers '' ( www .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the idea of JJ `` NNS '' stems from NN observations by 19th century NNS who , beginning with giovanni NNP in 1877 , believed they saw networks of lines on the planet .	1	7	VBZ	stems	stem
a quantum system of many particles is described by a NNP space whose dimension is RB large in the number of particles .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
one other theory is that women were normally dressed by their NNS , while men dressed themselves .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP , which can result in severe pain and loss of the NN but is rarely life threatening , unless over time the infection VBZ into the bone of the NN and starts NN .	23	24	VBZ	spreads	spread
the facility includes two full VBD NN , a dance studio , a kitchen and several NN rooms of different sizes .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
NN coaches are tournament dancers or former NNS people , and may be recognised by a dance sport federation .	1	2	VBP	are	is
VBN glass is by NNP ; that in the west window is dated 1883 , in the east window it is dated 1885 , and elsewhere there are windows dated between 1871 and 1873 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the algebra of random variables provides rules for the symbolic NN of random variables , while avoiding VBG too deeply into the RB sophisticated ideas of probability theory .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide
being selected by the arbitration committee as a clerk shows their trust of him , and i personally trust him ; he is a valuable contributor , if not in article space .	8	9	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ product of powers of variables is sometimes referred to as a NN group of variables ; here the term `` group '' means `` collection '' rather than mathematical group .	22	24	VBZ	means	mean
NN , if the period is not part of the quote , the NN marks should be inside the NN marks .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the current city seal has no color , so i was wondering if there is a JJ that can do such a thing .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
national merit finalist as compared to NN is noteworthy and not resume VBG .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
firing modes are very easily selected by means of a NN which is VBN to VB modes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
notable graduates of leicester high include diane and NNP NNP , better known as the NNP light twins .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's board of directors consists of members of the pennsylvania general assembly , the secretary of education and JJ NNS .	2	5	VBZ	consists	consist
further not sure whether the account is for a individual or for editing on behalf of NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
delete - and it 's a NN too , as the article is halfway RB written .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
opponents claim that secular NN also continually VBZ under the NN that everybody else is just a secular NN underneath .	0	1	VBP	claim	claims
modern parents tend to be more JJ , calling a child a child , as in NNP and NNP , in which NN and NN both mean `` child '' .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
in fact , i would say that the infrastructure now exists to carry off twenty JJ world trade NNP NNS across the united states .	8	10	VBZ	exists	exist
i 'd move it to commons , but due to insufficient information provided in the description , i ca n't VB who the photographer is .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
when jeff signals the tribes to begin however , the NNS are hard for both tribes to control , much to the amusement of several of the locals who witness the challenge .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the NN is a JJ NN NN of JJ flowers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , it is JJ to note that some cities include larger urban area that may result in lower per NN NNP estimates , whereas a large portion of working population of certain cities live in metro areas , which may result in higher per NN NNP estimates .	9	10	VBP	include	includes
an example is NNP NNP , appointed NNP of NNP on 21 december 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the guide gives insight into the cultural and social NNS and practices of the NN united states .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
the history of the NNPS dates back to the 4th century .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
the range starts in the north at the virginia range ( famous for virginia city and the NNP NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
NNS include works for christian NNP , NNP NNP , santiago NNP , kenny NNP , NNP , marc NNP , NNP NNP , NNP and many more .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
tracks 16 - 68 are all approximately 4 seconds in length .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the font name comes from the japanese word NNP ( NNP ) , which means `` NN '' , referring to NNP making text written in NNP appear NN on the screen .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
NNP , sarah NNP , the NNP dead , elvis NNP , count NNP , dean martin , ray charles , NNP NNP , bob dylan ( dylan 's self portrait album has one of NNP 's tracks and one NN with her husband ) , and others .	31	32	VBZ	has	have
together with belgian experts , an american company VBZ a unique NN installation .	7	8	VBZ	builds	build
the captain america star is to be the focus , all the gathered living NNS to be directed at it in a recreation , on a far greater scale , of the NN at the beginning of the NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
bound issues receive a call number and are VBN with the regular book collection .	1	2	VBP	receive	receives
these buildings still stand in mt .	1	3	VBP	stand	stands
another remake of the 1978 film is directed by NNP NNP , who again works with VBG partner NNP NNP ; the two have worked on other genre films as well , including the 2006 remake , the hills have eyes .	38	39	VBP	Have	Has
collaborative management ( coordination ) JJ management tools facilitate and manage group activities .	7	8	VBP	facilitate	facilitates
the school makes use of NNS of silence ' .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
while we all love don NNP , his article needs NN before being on the front page .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
the basic course for peace officers without firearms is a JJ program VBN to VBG school safety agents on the NNS of law enforcement .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
he argues that this system inherently leads to a division of the world in core , NN and NN .	4	6	VBZ	leads	lead
it is just a fact of life , not all functions are continuous .	10	11	VBP	are	is
answer to NNP shows an understanding of this concept .	0	3	VBZ	shows	show
the city of jacksonville , parks and recreation department manages the facilities .	8	9	VBZ	manages	manage
the primary NN NN states that every RB generated JJ group g is JJ to a direct sum of primary JJ groups and infinite JJ groups .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
the riding position is similar to the road racing position , but is ultimately dependent on the frame geometry of the bicycle and the NNS used .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but his achievements seem to have left him with the impression of ownership .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
in the song , NNP describes how relationships affect people , even when they have come to an end .	7	8	VBP	affect	affects
JJ NNS are necessary to produce sufficient dust and VBZ to affect life worldwide , whereas the much larger JJ NNP NNS were inside or near the arctic circle .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in this respect , the bass section allows the drum corps to delegate their NN responsibilities and allows more freedom in the drum scores .	6	7	VBZ	allows	allow
another instance of double NN involves responding to a seemingly JJ sentence that could have a sexual meaning with the phrase `` that 's what she said '' .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
by contrast , the names of f , l , m , n and s ( ) remain the same in both languages , because `` short '' NNS were largely VBN by the shift .	4	17	VBP	remain	remains
other JJ credits include stuff happens , intimate NNP , NNP voices , spinning into NNP , far east , london suite , NNP NNP the american clock , and good people .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
your position is JJ with our npov policy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , it is possible when conditions are right to listen through the NN .	6	7	VBP	are	is
each NNP store carries its own unique selection of certified NNP watches , driven by regional market trends , styles and brands .	2	3	VBZ	carries	carry
secondary invasion by fungi and bacteria sometimes occurs .	1	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
as of july 2012 , the latest stable release is 4 .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the community is home to the NNP company , which makes the well-known NNP bar and NNP 's NNP and is the parent company of the h .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
every edit is vandalism or nonsense NNS on user or article talk pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the age range is pretty much the odds 13 years , does not seem to be an NN for them .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this page is a NN of geology .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the top of the volcano has a shallow crater and its NNS are covered with the thick remains of ancient NN flows that emerged from NNS in the volcano 's NNS .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the skull is at cambridge museum .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that you two are both ip editors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB the policies NNP mentions apply to all contributors .	4	5	VBP	apply	applies
that area also receives input from temperature NNS on the body surface , but core temperature is much more important .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
estimates vary , but many organizations stress that NNP does not `` bring anyone back , '' it simply VBZ the body for NN and advanced life support .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
modern VBP NNS have been designed to prevent damage to the NN NN tube from NN energy reflection , and aluminium packages designed for NN heating are available .	21	26	VBP	are	is
the target population typically consists of persons ignored by mainstream commercial and social insurance schemes , as well as persons who have not previously had access to appropriate insurance products .	2	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the existing NNP trunk road connects the NNP from manchester to the NNP in south yorkshire .	4	5	VBZ	connects	connect
route CD is a major highway in the canadian province of quebec , following the entire north shore of the saint lawrence river past montreal to the eastern terminus in NNP on the gulf of saint lawrence .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
her JJ work includes , at NNP NNP NNP alice ( 2000 ) , at the public theater road show ( 2008 ) , and at second stage theatre let me down easy , by anna NNP smith ( 2009 ) .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
RB , searches of web content for the case only find mirrors and a single book which is simply a bound edition of this article and others from wikipedia on this subject .	2	10	VBP	find	finds
the duo must be updated with as much information as possible until the time comes when they are an official tag team .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
the village 's name comes from the bridge over the river NNP , constructed in CD .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
prominent finds from NNP and its vicinity are on display at NNP , the museum of nearby NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
an active church in the church of england , NNP is part of the diocese of blackburn , which is in the province of york .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the law also increases the penalties for sexual exploitation of a minor and makes the registration requirements more JJ .	1	3	VBZ	increases	increase
NNP test NNS pick up difficult material quickly .	2	3	VBP	pick	picks
but regardless , the book in question is , in fact , not notable .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the study of this culture helps determine at least some origins of NNP ) , is the VBG with feet and talking backwards , mixing the NNP , english , french and portuguese .	1	5	VBZ	helps	help
each year about 50 , 000 people attend concerts of the macedonian philharmonic orchestra and the various folk dance NNS and other cultural and artistic associations .	6	7	VBP	attend	attends
JJ NN is a type of ancient greek fine pottery .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the two adjacent stations to NNP are NNP and NNP .	3	6	VBP	are	is
JJ languages , particularly JJ languages such as hawaiian , NNP and NNP , possess a dual number for NNS but not for NNS , as NNS are generally marked for plural RB and not RB .	1	14	VBP	possess	possesses
for education , the city holds part of the university college of NNP ( NNP NNP ) .	4	5	VBZ	holds	hold
the newspaper covers news in chicago heights , NNP , university park , NNP park , NNP park , oak forest , NNP , NNP park , NNP , NNP , and new NNP , among a handful of other southern suburbs .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the bottom water of the arctic ocean is more isolated , due to the NN of the arctic ocean floor and the surrounding arctic NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
further , not all dan proteins are specific to VB VBG and will also block bone JJ proteins ( NNP ) and , in the case of NNP and NNP , NNP VBG as well .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the user creates text , photo and video that combined produces a multimedia based report .	1	2	VBZ	creates	create
the article clearly uses NNS correctly and is referenced at a level that consensus has long determined as reasonable for a good or featured article .	1	3	VBZ	uses	use
strong oppose - picture is not in any article , and is not very VBG to my eye .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
crime statistics show that in 1999 in the united states NNPS were far more likely to be arrested for drug crimes , and received much NN penalties and sentences , than NNS .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the engines face NN in a NN configuration .	1	2	VBP	face	faces
the english version is a bit more extended .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the municipalities on its shore are NNP , st .	1	5	VBP	are	is
using that principle on wikipedia means that the oldest stuff is on top and fresh stuff is far down under .	2	5	VBZ	means	mean
the NN head contains the only area for air to VB and that is the space between the product and the template profile .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the people in NNP 's paintings are anonymous ; more like symbols than individuals , and it is not difficult to see how they connect to the history of abstract NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
this image is copyright NNP and NNP publishing company ( though probably not VB seal rock NNP ) , and hence is not free .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the challenging stages are different from those in NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the only editor in chief is me , because it was only created a few minutes ago .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
such NN ( explicit uncertainty ) becomes JJ , especially in the lead .	4	6	VBZ	becomes	become
more recent contributors of note include barry lopez , NNP NNP , jim NNP , joshua NNP , jacob m .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the prisoner 's style aims to kill the opponent as fast as possible .	3	4	VBZ	aims	aim
the miss wyoming usa competition is the pageant that VBZ the representative for the state wyoming in the miss usa pageant .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
every new card needs to be checked against all the cards that have already been dealt to detect NNS .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
the NN mark is blatant even at NN size .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the original discussion here by NNP is as JJ as her many other accusations towards me .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
trains only wait at the station long enough for the locomotive to run round , as there are no facilities at that point .	0	2	VBP	wait	waits
the documentary employs color footage that had previously been labeled top secret by the us government .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
founded in NNP ( capital of the NNP of NNP ) by the prince NNP NNP in CD , the academy RB continued the NNP NNP , although no direct link exists between the two similar institutions .	30	31	VBZ	exists	exist
the wheat NNS are a symbol of NNP pradesh , but it also VBZ the theme of the NN that a good harvest will be the reward for those who are prepared to work hard .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the resulting aids NNS frequently depend on the state for care and financial support , particularly in africa .	3	5	VBP	depend	depends
both sentences seem to have similar content and can surely be merged .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the NNP pattern bottle is the JJ , round VBD , narrow neck bottle now dominant within the wine industry .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the game is designed much like super mario world in which the player VBZ through levels in a map , and the game is also a NN .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
state what country this tv program comes from , and link it , in the first paragraph , RB first sentence .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
the two forms of NNP have different NN states , with the more JJ NN displaying a lower NN state than NN .	2	5	VBP	have	has
because there is still a possibility of NNS using VBG to alter their hardware to RB modify certain aspects of the game or controller NNS to their advantage , some competitions prevent this by VBG all competitors with identical hardware for the event .	30	31	VBP	prevent	prevents
the JJ response consists of changes in the rates of NN reproduction or survival due to a changes in prey density .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
due to its low altitude toward the NNP , and lack of any protection , this is the only part of central urban area of belgrade that gets flooded during the extremely high waters of the river .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
farm animals are not to be VBN if found in or around the trail as they are considered a part of the farmer 's private property .	1	2	VBP	are	is
he is in danger of losing his life 's work because the angels ' new owner , NNP lawrence ( NNP ) , is unhappy with the farm system and threatening to eliminate the team 's scouts .	15	23	VBZ	is	are
the duties of the manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
an engineer NN is a professional who possesses the NNS , skills and knowledge required to plan , manage and successfully VB an underwater operation concerning engineering practice .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name is a play on words , as it is a cover album .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the final chapter contains an official government response VBG that it or any of its agents were aware of fee or of his activities before his final act .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
each card in the deck represents either a dragon or a NN , has a strength between 1 and 13 , and a special ability or power .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent
so the question is whether she passes gng on other grounds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the language spoken by the christian community is different dialect of NNP language .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP contained supplies , not NN , top NN says .	8	9	VBZ	says	say
despite their lack of NN over the years , their home stadium , NNP , typically draws the highest average attendance figures of any ground in super rugby .	11	16	VBZ	draws	draw
entrepreneur is a bay horse VBN by the NNP park NNP at NNP , suffolk .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the implied magnetic field is NNS of times stronger than earth 's field , but it 's 10 to 100 times JJR than a typical NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the town 's largest tribe is the NNP tribe , who claim the town their own .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
critics VBP that since NNP is the standard by which u .	0	1	VBP	contend	contends
in addition to all the tasks that service dogs provide , some veterans report that they discover JJ confidence through their JJ companions as well .	12	13	VBP	report	reports
a common material is sound VBN steel .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN thread is the rose brothers ' great writing , vocals , arrangements and spiritual challenges to take control of your life by following god 's eternal plan .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ acid cycle is an JJ process involving different NNS and NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the program has a long history of supporting the apple NNP platform , and at times it has been VBN with new mac NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this protein is CD amino acids in length , and VBZ approximately 45 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the walker spy ring operates until 1985 .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate
the municipality has an area of 20 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
there is widespread NN from society and its institutions , NN , social isolation , and NN , the sense that a better life is simply not JJ through legitimate means .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
however , the island has only one native NN , NNP 's VBN bat ( NNP NN ) .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
in years 12 and 13 , the school offers the accredited NNP diploma programme .	7	8	VBZ	offers	offer
most scholars believe this is what the phrase `` coming together '' means in this verse .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
there is no consensus that every episode of every tv show gets an article .	6	11	VBZ	gets	get
this low resolution logo is for [ [ CD ] ] , an advertising supported directory service .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if `` irc blocks '' are bad , then this sort of `` wikipedia review block '' is even worse .	3	5	VBP	are	is
with the proper NN , training and practice , soldiers armed with both the NNP and NNP are quite deadly .	9	17	VBP	are	is
pure lyrics do not an article make .	1	2	VBP	do	does
the game relies on a JJ generation system which is constantly VBG a JJ `` dictionary '' that is capable of matching key words in conversations with inherent JJ clips to VB JJ conversations .	1	2	VBZ	relies	rely
the town has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the station currently has a handful of paid staff and in excess of 100 volunteers , who all contribute time and expertise to the continued running of the station .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the model represents NN gases , criteria air NNS and toxic releases of over 12 , 500 , 000 businesses .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
because any intervention takes time , critics note that the passage of time alone , without JJ intervention , often results in JJ healing .	6	7	VBP	note	notes
the church has a pipe organ by john NNP dating from CD with work from j j NNP 1930 ; details from the national pipe organ register can be found in the external links section below .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP continental climate , but dry continental NNS also exist .	7	9	VBP	exist	exists
coming at the end of a RB creative life spreading across six decades and involving work in several NNS and genres the question of how his paintings relate to the rest of his NN rises .	26	27	VBP	relate	relates
several versions of both NNS exist .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists
grammar can be described as a system of categories and a set of rules that determine how categories combine to form different aspects of meaning .	17	18	VBP	combine	combines
the community has two NNS situated in its municipal limits .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NN VBZ that these elements are likely to have been added as an NN in order to make the film more VBG to audiences of the time , and that the making of a JJ or JJ film was not the NNS ' original intent .	4	5	VBP	are	is
general NNS are given to service members whose performance is JJ but is marked by a considerable departure in duty performance and conduct expected of military members .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
other fighters who have had boxing matches ( many of which were title fights ) in NNP hall include sugar ray leonard , oscar de la NNP , roberto NNP , NNP lewis , roy jones jr .	1	18	VBP	include	includes
at the end of the year the annual gathering takes place .	8	9	VBZ	takes	take
NNP and CD NNP ( phase VBG ) tapes use a JJ gap ( NNP ) between data records to allow the tape to stop and start between records .	8	9	VBP	use	uses
marble is a ghost town in the town of union , NNP county , wisconsin , united states .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's compositions include three operas , a piano concerto , a chamber symphony , and numerous chamber , vocal and JJ works .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
with only weeks before the next JJ competition , NNS begin to find scott a new dance partner but , unknown to his parents , scott secretly begins VBG with JJ NN NNP ( NNP NNP ) , a NN dancer at his parents ' studio .	2	10	VBP	begin	begins
students promise not to lie , intentionally JJ , NN , or steal .	0	1	VBP	promise	promises
amongst those 48 titles are 5 league cups and 10 community shields , 2 each of the uefa super cup and club winners cup , 1 each of the club world cup , NNP cup .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NN page is here and requests are here , though .	6	7	VBP	are	is
developers plan to VB the 1930s building and replace it with CD apartments , including 52 key worker NN NNS .	0	1	VBP	plan	plans
the korean wave , or NNP , refers to the spread of popular culture and entertainment from south korea to other parts of the world .	2	7	VBZ	refers	refer
the article is too large , somewhat JJ and needs more references for the controversial aspects of it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they also omitted the songs in my blood and blue NNP , the reason for their NN is unknown .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
NNP theory that implies all of the past , present , and future is real .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
one specific disability characterized by poor NN is JJ , defined as JJ type of learning disability that specifically VBZ a person 's ability to read .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP function operates on a JJ NN of data , together with a JJ NN and 8 `` interchange control bits '' ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
most NN females have only two children , but occasionally they have a third , and twins are not unknown .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the game is notable for its unique visual design , as the game takes place inside the JJ tract of a giant alien NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP man is very interesting , especially as he was friends with at least one of the birmingham 6 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
winters usually begin in mid november and last until mid april and summers begin in june and end in early september .	0	2	VBP	begin	begins
during the time of elections , the political parties make lot of promises .	8	9	VBP	make	makes
at the other end of the spectrum , organizations focused on NNS that are the most RB documented to desert sources have the most JJ definitions .	20	21	VBP	have	has
RB , NNP 's neighbor and NN , claire , RB agrees to take her in .	4	11	VBZ	agrees	agree
the listing is useful for JJ and historical research .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think peter 's comments on NNS are fair .	4	7	VBP	are	is
some modern medical studies indicate that VBG assists NNS to sleep , and to remain JJ ; and that JJ sleep VBZ the risk of sudden infant death syndrome ( NNP ) .	3	4	VBP	indicate	indicates
so i 'd like to suggest a little feature that VBZ in whenever an article is JJ busy , perhaps as defined by the number of edit conflicts per minute .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
wallace has shown that the females of certain NNS from the malay archipelago appear in three RB distinct forms without intermediate links .	5	13	VBP	appear	appears
the only function of a dead word is to make a sentence harder to read than necessary .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
apparently the only thing wrong with this article is that it is a `` dictionary definition '' , not because of it lacking in NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
in the japanese anime and manga NNP , there is a warrior called NNP , her appearance occurs in chapter 23 and she uses two swords , unlike the rest of NNP , who usually use only one weapon .	16	17	VBZ	occurs	occur
NN says his mission in NN is `` to introduce the sport of NN to as many people as possible , regardless of their abilities and levels of participation .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a descendant of NNP , bringing his own accusations to the authorities , references a trial of NNP for one of the crimes he is accused of in the NN , under the NNP NNP .	1	13	VBZ	references	reference
still , it concerns me enough that i want the operator to look into it and actually request that the block be VBN before the bot continues .	25	26	VBZ	continues	continue
placing the NN point on t with the circle 's radius r , a second point g is identified on the JJ line a ; thus , t is the NN of the line segment NNP .	15	28	VBZ	is	are
this award represents the rating for an airline 's performance across both airport staff and cabin staff combined , and were first introduced in 2010 .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
the ancient NNP mine is the mother of the numerous legendary NNS such as the NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
all high schools in NNP use the alberta educational curriculum .	2	5	VBP	use	uses
the complex has mainly two and three bedroom apartments .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the institute also provides intensive training on NNP for NNP physicians .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
thus if a cone VBN with an initially circular ( or JJ ) NN becomes VBN into an NN ( NN ) , it is possible for the volume NN to VB if the NNS along the principal JJ JJ one another .	3	24	VBZ	is	are
one issue that faces product NNP is that they are chartered with developing much of the content for the various NNS ( sales , NN , customers , blogs , etc .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
within the sector , the production is of particular importance , followed by the construction , the services and the JJ sector .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a young union soldier ( tom carey ) enters a church in washington d .	3	8	VBZ	enters	enter
these links often have little to do with the parent article other than they appeared in the article and were VBN ( for example , the previous sentence 's link to the article on interest ) .	1	3	VBP	have	has
brake NNS are a component of disk NNS used in automotive and other applications .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the upper parts of the body are dark black and the NNS are white .	2	6	VBP	are	is
fair use for NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the close similarity of the NNS , both accounts coming out of the woods at the same time , and the edit summaries make me suspect NN .	22	23	VBP	make	makes
the layer of NN provides mechanical backing for the gold layer , improving its wear resistance .	1	4	VBZ	provides	provide
many authorities include the NNP and NNP as part of a larger definition of NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
when a NN politician says something incorrect , he sometimes VBZ .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
the river flows south from the lake and through the canyon before joining the NNP river at NNP , a few miles north of the town of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
this is a classical result , and as stated , easy ( the full NN theorem is JJR ) .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the third language is accordingly NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the president of the college is rabbi daniel NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although the fate of the japanese rebels is unknown , NNP was eventually VBN and VBN back to france .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
people are more likely to help those who are more attractive or important , whose approval is desired .	0	1	VBP	are	is
a JJR , more JJ NN , wears off its material faster to provide this performance .	5	7	VBZ	wears	wear
NN is to remove space , make it one word not two words .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the district has five high schools , the main ones being NNP high school and its rival NNP east valley high school .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
it 's amazing how much you can learn if your intentions are truly JJ .	10	11	VBP	are	is
they have VBN walls and JJ columns and the station signs are in the standard black plates in white NN .	10	11	VBP	are	is
this is , however , VBN by the numerous extra features that modern arcade NNS often offer .	14	16	VBP	offer	offers
those may be good resources , but if the original NN wants to look up hebrew words based on their modern israeli NNS ( ignoring the hebrew alphabet ) , then the NNP book seems to be one of the few tools that allows this .	33	34	VBZ	seems	seem
the two towns have diverse industrial activities with aerospace ( NNP , NNP ) , automotive industry , JJ and JJ metals , chemical and NNS industries , pleasure NN , among them .	2	3	VBP	have	has
NNP buddhism was born in NNP , and the city is rich in places tied to both NNP and his life .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in most cases , those stations operate during the daytime only , so as not to VB with the primary stations on those channels .	5	6	VBP	operate	operates
the route starts out in the city of NNP in davis county , just east of NNP , initially going west along NNP drive , named for NNP island , which is accessed via this road .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
this page tries to outline the state of art guidelines for JJ care that are useful to a nurse NN and clinical nurse specialist who encounters aging person in practice .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
this JJ list of australia 's largest churches by regular attendance provides both regular attendance and formal membership , from recent records , of some of the largest churches at particular locations around australia .	2	11	VBZ	provides	provide
the basic mechanics of the games are largely the same as their NNS ' .	2	6	VBP	are	is
phil takes a part-time teaching job and VBZ a JJ workshop in a church basement , meeting JJ men like paul and larry whose situations are similar to his .	24	25	VBP	are	is
what he probably was not is a man of letters like NNP , something modern scholarship seems to be more VBG about than that of the past .	15	16	VBZ	seems	seem
television revenue is an important part of the income of many sports around the world , and the more RB matched and exciting the contests , the more interesting the television product , meaning the value of the television broadcast rights is higher .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the VBN version of this bird , commonly known as the chinese NNP , is a common NN NN and can be found on small NNS throughout the country .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
in that case , the court held that challenges to a state 's republican character are JJ political questions , and that the decision of whether a state is `` republican '' in NN with the guarantee clause may be decided only by congress .	8	15	VBP	are	is
one of the studio 's television NNS was 1973 's the bear who VBD through christmas , with tommy NNP VBG the little NN who goes out to find christmas ( in the human world ) while his fellow bears head for NN .	39	40	VBP	head	heads
filled with VBG NN , and a JJ cast of characters , journey to NNP brings an JJ story of the `` NN '' and RB VBZ an honest and JJ portrayal of the immigrant experience in america .	8	15	VBZ	brings	bring
NNP ( ) green soup prepared in various styles , VBP the NN leaves are very RB VBN , with ingredients such as NN and NN added to give it a characteristic JJ taste .	13	14	VBP	are	is
many versions conclude the game when the first person VBZ a specified pattern from the drawn numbers .	1	2	VBP	conclude	concludes
this county also contains parts of the former counties NNP and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
an oak tree has been depicted on the reverse of the pound coin ( the 1987 issue ) and a NN of oak leaves and NNS is the NN of the national trust .	16	26	VBZ	is	are
use of a remote line with the NNP increases the amount of air supply the marker has at one time by allowing larger sources of air to be used with the marker .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
if a coin design is in violation of the recommendations , it may be updated to bring it into line with them .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i would RB wait for NNP to VB in before opening discussion , but i believe that a JJ solution exists to this dispute which has been VBN by the participants in the discussion .	19	20	VBZ	exists	exist
i am VBN at how well the students make proposals on current issues vs .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
last thing we want is official sources for data .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
here i will present that NNP makes the same arguments over and over again , and that discussions are JJ .	17	18	VBP	are	is
his only claim to `` notability '' is he once invaded a bob dylan performance .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
two NNS cross these edges RB ; they are converted into the NN and JJ JJ NNS by the NN , and open on the JJ wall of the orbit .	1	2	VBP	cross	crosses
i agree with NNP RB and have , since september 2009 , consistently said this content needs to be removed from our NNS .	15	16	VBZ	needs	need
the film features an ensemble cast of NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP and NNP rao .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the animals produce smaller quantities of milk , but with a higher fat content , than other swedish cattle breeds .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
in total the collection contains over 1 .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the problem is not wikipedia ; the problem is people incorrectly taking wikipedia at face value .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his father , NNP , soon comes to visit , and they decide to become a family after NNP offers to be NNP 's father ( NNP never had any parents ) .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come
the eastern part of the parish is in the NNP hills .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one route is from north hollywood station to warner center transit hub , which is the original orange line route which opened in 2005 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the best known community in the township is south NNP , the northern JJ point of the ms NNP NN ferry which VBZ the main channel of georgian bay from the community of NNP on the bruce peninsula .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
another type of electronic civil NN is the use of the internet for VBN and JJ violations of a law that the protesters take issue with , such as copyright law .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
still , the author is rather famous in VBG circles for his books , and it seems unlikely he meets JJ standards .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
keep the cited reviews are enough for our JJ notability standards .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in essence , the issue of new , JJ debt allows the company to RB VB the older , JJ debt .	9	10	VBZ	allows	allow
this page of the virtual museum website says that the pages are licensed under NNP , which is not compatible with wikipedia because of the `` NNP '' part , and the page where the image is actually from does n't say anything different .	1	7	VBZ	says	say
the vocal tract acts as a JJ NN , and the position of the NN , NNS , and tongue affect the parameters of the JJ NN , resulting in different NN values .	2	3	VBZ	acts	act
you RB attempt to suggest that the opinions of others hold less merit than your own , for instance calling me a JJ because i doubt the NN of JJ research which has suffered from a well documented history of JJ design , JJ NNS and outright NNS .	7	10	VBP	hold	holds
i should have enabled account creation , too , since the only thing we want to block is her anonymous editing .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
his fourth attempt is more successful and he is able to roll on the NN and land on his feet at the other side .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the program is design for parents to read with their children while riding together on the bus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP instantly returns to his JJ ways , however , and the final scene shows him VBG another trip to the dorset coast .	13	14	VBZ	shows	show
i still VBP an account there so i can VB in JJ elections and at some point i want to bring NNP to alaska , but the rest of that site is a NN of NNS and other varieties of NNS .	27	31	VBZ	is	are
this type of evaluation is very powerful for determining the NN of a device because it combines multiple studies to provide very accurate JJ support .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in contrast , JJ JJ reactions are specific drug reactions that are not associated with VBG immune NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the firm currently has 37 offices worldwide and employs over 2 , 400 lawyers , making it the third largest law firm in the world .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
his belief in the strength of the urban centers in which the firm operates NNS NNP to work RB with local officials on issues of planning , infrastructure , transportation and community growth to ensure long-term success .	12	13	VBZ	operates	operate
NNS are just links between roads and can only contain information on which roads they connect .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the player whose turn it is gives the top NN to the player who called it .	1	6	VBZ	gives	give
the scene opens with two officers playing a world war NNP VBD video game .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
a JJ road runs from the NNP NN to the staff area , but as with most such roads , it is not intended for use by NNS .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
the carrier force of the japanese navy is also RB incomplete , featuring only the NNP , NNP , and NNP classes .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
one of the critics concerns is that the tv show claims NNS to science , yet is not RB scientific .	9	10	VBZ	claims	claim
inside the nba producer tim RB ; the term is a NN on the short-lived fox television show with the same name .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the oldest symbol is the lahore resolution , adopted by the all india muslim league on 23 march 1940 , and which presented the official demand for the creation of a separate country for the muslims of india .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS run up to 15 times an hour to NNP railway station from NNP gardens .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
a cross set into the road marks that location on what is now broad street , the nearby NNP ' memorial , at the south end of st NNP ' , VBZ the events .	1	6	VBZ	marks	mark
cut the NN , if size is a reason the list of records was separated .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
often the church tower also is on the short axis .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
cole was educated at NNP college ( where his portrait stands in the NN to the great hall ) , NNP college , cambridge and NNP college , oxford where he read law .	9	10	VBZ	stands	stand
NN certainly has VBN more people off , but it may well be that they have concluded that the horse is already dead .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the facilities include electronics workshop , electronic circuits lab , digital electronics lab , NNP lab and an advanced communication lab .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
also , the animation contains both JJ and JJ NN , which is due to a frequency NN producing both sum and difference frequencies .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
secondly , the particular needs and drives of humans explain the class NN which is generated under NN .	4	9	VBP	explain	explains
thank you , but i have to say that , as a matter of process , the nom has every right to continue the afd , especially since there has been a delete !	17	18	VBZ	has	have
NNP populations decrease when wolves appear in a region and are likely to take smaller prey where wolves are active .	4	5	VBP	appear	appears
buddy NNS allow multiple NNS , font colors , and background colors to be used to create unique NNS .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
users also have the right to see evidence used against them in arbitration proceedings in order to adequately defend themselves .	0	2	VBP	have	has
a 2006 report by the special inspector general for iraq reconstruction ( NNP ) notes that out of the CD , 000 weapons turned over to the us since the fall of NNP 's regime , only 12 , 000 serial numbers have been recorded .	2	14	VBZ	notes	note
was deleted three times before , current content makes no attempt to improve upon those previously deleted versions , which were largely promoting the subject .	7	8	VBZ	makes	make
if a NN receives a NN with all desired NNS , the NN will stand on its rock and wait for the remaining NNS to be satisfied .	2	3	VBZ	receives	receive
if the current index rises above the line , some investors believe the market turn JJ from JJ .	3	4	VBZ	rises	rise
the negro church ultimately becomes a home and social center as it gives the body of people a place to organize and feel free of expression in society .	2	4	VBZ	becomes	become
when graham NNP begins to convert seattle into his own private city , using his NN ability to VB worship , jordan VBZ the threat ( with his previously unknown ability ) and informs the world that although there will be NNS , the end result is worth it .	45	46	VBZ	is	are
yet , perhaps the decision that NNP will be most remembered for is his leaving first NN bill NNP in the game in the 10th inning rather than removing him for a defensive substitute .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
if people are stupid and have stupid beliefs that 's their problem .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the station features some coverage of university of new mexico sports teams ( mostly women 's basketball ) but the bulk of NNP coverage is handled by CD NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the house is of `` scored NN on brick with a JJ slate roof .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the airport has JJ several extensions and improvements remain the most important development and NN of the terminal in 1988 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
such techniques , typical of VBG work of the time , are very different to the much faster and fluid way of drawing on a plate that blake employed for his relief NN , and indicates why the NNS took so long to complete .	1	11	VBP	are	is
comment - if you look at the only website VBN in the article it states that the only use of NNP ( in the sense ) is by the web page author .	18	26	VBZ	is	are
a NN JJ mass NN is an chemical analysis instrument in which the NNS of different NN ratio are separated by means of RB JJ electric and magnetic fields so that the NNS follow a NN JJ path .	32	33	VBP	follow	follows
NNP 's rule VBZ the opinion that these capabilities are necessary for any sufficiently complex software package , and so will be VBN from scratch in an ad FW manner in any large project , VBG effort already VBN in common NNP .	8	9	VBP	are	is
some families still prefer to VB to NNP , washington , which is closer but across the us border .	1	3	VBP	prefer	prefers
the paper has a circulation number of 3 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
admins have in the past been VBN NN in how to respond in these matters .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the lake is famous for its scenic beauty and has become a major tourist attraction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bare NNP ; both to make the citations NN and also to make the info JJ again if the web addresses of the articles ever change and VBP your links useless .	20	25	VBP	change	changes
their daughter , herself a musician , is JJ player NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the opponent lands between the NN 's legs with their head toward them .	1	2	VBZ	lands	land
early one morning '' ( NNP CD ) is an english folk song .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ options for JJ treatment include NN NNS ( usually VBP ) and loop NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
most countries have at least some .	1	2	VBP	have	has
her mother tells her that starting the club will look good on her application to colonial academy , which NNP has no interest in , because she wants to be a fashion designer .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the comment on polish and romanian NNP communities is totally unacceptable and JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
in JJ and JJ NNS , and also in NNS , a more complex structure is present , with the NN being divided into three distinct regions .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the mean NN of the sun currently is 0 around 2 january , so the table starts with the new or full moon closest to the beginning of january .	15	16	VBZ	starts	start
former NNP teacher and author NNP NNP reports that she told her NNP students that their NN was chosen for them based on their personal interview , while JJ roy NNP , religious scholar j .	2	7	VBZ	reports	report
another curious thing is that the NN on the right seems RB from the other 3 than those 3 are to each other .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think the article reads very neutral at the moment .	3	4	VBZ	reads	read
in contrast to the negotiations surrounding the founding of the united nations and a set of associated organizations in 1945 , the european idea appears to have been deliberately designed as a NN with organic JJ , the precise development of which would be learned in future .	23	24	VBZ	appears	appear
if the NN this user ' button on the left is too obscure for you , i would recommend either putting a special link to it on your userpage ( e .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the european route NNP crosses the city .	2	4	VBZ	crosses	cross
and while the integration process continues , this becomes more and more of an issue ( at least hopefully ) .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
this interchange has access to VB md 2 in both directions and from JJ md 2 to the NN direction .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his JJ analysis VBZ a JJ reading of our past and a wise use of that base for determining our common future .	2	3	VBZ	recommends	recommend
the author is NN at paris vii .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both NNS are now for sale , and NNP has almost reached a deal with a person whose name has not yet been VBN two NNS are able to run on either diesel fuel or VBN natural gas .	25	26	VBP	are	is
by virtually eliminating material NN , NN technology plays an important role in the NN human economy within the star trek universe .	7	8	VBZ	plays	play
the JJ conception of history - which originated within NNP ' the origin of the family , private property and the state ( 1884 ) - holds that society has evolved through a series of progressive stages .	2	26	VBZ	holds	hold
local access tv shows are very common in high schools these days .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the party has CD NNS in NNP including the late ali NNP NNP of NNP and NNP NNP of the fifth district of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i 've been trying to change my signature now for several months and no matter how i input it , it tells me it is invalid .	14	21	VBZ	tells	tell
victor above mentioned the common occurrence and practice in wiki outside of sport , and there seems to be agreement these problems are not narrow .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the park includes a number of NNS , the lighthouse NNP centre , and the nature centre .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
i would also add that the existing pages on architectural NNS and JJ engineering are - no offence - NN , NN and sometimes wrong , and i am willing to help VB this as far as i can , being a professional in the area .	7	14	VBP	are	is
this part also indicates how organizations can assess and improve the effectiveness of their quality management systems .	1	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
after a player receives a certain amount of NNS , they VBP weapons and weapon NNS .	2	3	VBZ	receives	receive
NNP space includes 2 playing fields with recreational apparatus and a NN with a JJ court .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
in many organisations , the concept of a JJ period is quite normal .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
the first NN to hit is NNS , closely followed by NN , pepper , and oak .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's admiral 's wings are black and white on the dorsal side , with rows of white spots across the wings .	5	6	VBP	are	is
i know dead tree editions are JJ , but the best resource for first name origins i know of is a dictionary of first names by patrick NNP and NNP NNP , isbn CD .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP page is the most impressive anywhere on wikipedia !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the silver edition release bears the catalog number NNP and the gold edition release bears the catalog number NNP , but is not available for purchase .	3	4	VBZ	bears	bear
published in 1983 , the book is a JJ account of the JJ montreal NNP , VBG the life of a professional hockey player .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
as of 2010 , the principal of NNP is tom NNP .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
when your proposed change fails to achieve a consensus , then you must abandon it .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
the corner windows are long rectangular panels VBN with a decorative border and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the last village before NNP is east NNP were the landscape of the coast is VBN with static NNS or mobile homes .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
his nickname derives from the town he was born and grew up in , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
other causes of NN are not as easily VBN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
a sphere has an equation of the form for some real number .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the account is , ips are , .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since the NN eventually burns out the tube has a limited lifetime and is made as a JJ unit ; the NNS are attached to terminal NNS which VBP into a NN .	2	4	VBZ	burns	burn
on april 5 , 2013 , NNP confirmed that the wii u port of the game is no longer in development .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
basically , i think this article just needs to be VBN down .	5	7	VBZ	needs	need
in addition to being a JJ baseball player at every level in which he has participated , his passion for excellence is JJ .	18	21	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's theorem states that the volume enclosed by a material 's NNP surface is directly proportional to the particle density .	6	14	VBZ	is	are
on winning , the player receives a silver belt .	4	5	VBZ	receives	receive
finally , i see no indication that NNP is lacking in communication skills , although the points raised by dennis , john , NNP , et al are perfectly valid and were VBN in before i opted to support .	16	27	VBP	are	is
an organization is not JJ just because it VBZ claim to some fact , true or not , that would support notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some units are two or three story NNS with units on a single floor .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a throat guard is a piece of protective equipment worn in various sports , including baseball , ice hockey , lacrosse .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thus , the `` grey aliens '' seen VBG humans are really just as much a slave race or `` shells '' for the NNP as the infected humans are .	5	29	VBP	are	is
then word goes out that the boy and girl are married .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
such schools exist in all levels of education , from the very beginning through JJ studies .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the story takes place mostly on the moon following the adventures of the main character fred NNP after he is expelled from NNP space academy for NN , and tries to find his way back into space .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
originally written in sanskrit , the text is now only know from the tibetan translation of it done in the early 9th century through the combined efforts of NNP from kashmir , and the NNPS NNP ( d .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
there is also an element known as the `` late alarm '' that will be set off when an audience member walks in late and they leave the venue at the end of the night sufficiently VBD .	20	21	VBZ	walks	walk
the JJ version of the album contains an additional four tracks .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
then see what the actual third party editors think , and that way you either get your point across , or save a NN in legal fees for a lost cause .	7	8	VBP	think	thinks
your major error is in the JJ NN that the gng is the only guideline and that the internet is the only place to find sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the only thing this article says about the poem is that it exists .	4	5	VBZ	says	say
an VBN copy of the map is available with the JJ location of the collapse indicated in red .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
keep for my NNS , all the JJ articles should be deleted , starting from justin NNP on twitter , but looking at cited ( and not cited ) sources this subject clearly passes our notability guideline .	31	33	VBZ	passes	pass
the bank also decides to provide a small team of NNS and market researchers and a supervisor .	1	3	VBZ	decides	decide
the end result is that half the NNS emerging from each circular NN will be `` NN '' and half will be `` JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
ottoman NN , and their NNS offer JJ JJ evidence of this fact .	5	6	VBP	offer	offers
the film contains performances of 14 songs , including tracks from how to VB an atomic bomb ( 2004 ) , the album supported by the tour .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a later version of the software has , instead of ads , a `` search all sites '' feature , which is a JJ search bar that VBZ listings of JJ files at different NNS .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
NNP is now the united states ' second most popular holiday ( after christmas ) for VBG ; the sale of candy and costumes is also extremely common during the holiday , which is marketed to children and adults alike .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
this is always going to happen when people use stuff that looks like a namespace to NNP , and subsequently becomes one .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
his service record also gives him credit as a navy reserve lieutenant , although during world war ii NNP had no contact whatsoever with this military branch .	2	4	VBZ	gives	give
these tiny ( few cm tall ) , relatively simple , aquatic plants occur in NNP and india .	12	13	VBP	occur	occurs
each flower head has several rows of JJ NNS and an open end revealing disc NNS and longer VBG ray NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
by using VBG technology to VB an item 's JJ weight , carriers are able to charge based on either volume or weight , depending on which is greater .	12	13	VBP	are	is
fat tissue is a JJ tissue .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his NNS of humans , general confusion , NN and NN references are generally the basis of episodes .	1	12	VBP	are	is
brain manages to VB the keys away from doctor NNP and open the cell where NNP has been VBG `` the fake santa '' using lines of the night before christmas for reference .	0	1	VBZ	manages	manage
the show regularly goes on the road to broadcast from communities around nova scotia and VBZ an annual NN campaign for the feed nova scotia food bank through the `` share the view '' art calendar .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go
NNP NNS are one of the major varieties grown for table wine in chile , and is a minor variety in california and italy .	1	2	VBP	are	is
unless otherwise indicated , all tracks are available on NNP and studio series .	5	6	VBP	are	is
its construction , at least the components still visible , dates back to norman times and has VBN significant changes over time , especially in NNP and NNP times .	1	10	VBZ	dates	date
the embassy also operates JJ in chicago , houston , los angeles , and new york city .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
the move may have been a response to a change in directions at rival station NNP , which was programming top 40 hits , until they started a shift towards a NNP NN , since the market itself is heavily hispanic and tends to favor this genre .	36	38	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ NNP that his next match with NNP will decide the true champion , but before the duel , NNP and NNP discover more about NNP 's origin ; little by little , the secrets involving NNP , NNP and the NNS start to VB .	35	43	VBP	start	starts
with the conclusion of the vancouver olympic VBG tournament , eight athletes now have two olympic NN medals .	11	13	VBP	have	has
the action of NNP , featuring david NNP , takes place in los angeles .	1	9	VBZ	takes	take
the most common fixed time is at the JJ NN around 21 march each year .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the municipal boundary on these and the other peaks marks the watershed between the NNP and the NNP .	2	9	VBZ	marks	mark
the following table gives the probability that a hand is facing two or more larger pairs before the NN .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
every house has some form of it , even if it 's not done by professionals .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
sorry to VB , but warnings like that encourage vandals , they get some kick out of getting a warning .	5	12	VBP	get	gets
de NNP and hold that JJ insurance NNS must be JJ over the time period for which the policy covers .	18	19	VBZ	covers	cover
i know for a fact that the content of this article is true , but it is impossible to verify .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
perhaps you are wrong and you can be shown that the claims have other , JJ supported evidence - which can then be added to the article , to improve it .	11	12	VBP	have	has
the name given on her NN , donna NNP , is similar to that of the original black NNP , NNP drake lance .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the firm includes 2 NNS , NNP NNP and michael NNP , 6 associate directors , 28 registered , graduate and student architects , urban designers and NNS , in addition to a support staff of 5 .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the meet of two NNS is their intersection .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NN 's NN may exist and function in the world on the basis of some NNS , NNS , and NNS , yet the show is JJ .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
based in NNP , connecticut , with additional offices in london , toronto , tokyo , and singapore , the firm 's clients include 250 global financial service companies .	22	23	VBP	include	includes
the highway heads north , surrounded by a NN terrain marked with several fields .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
this collection allows us to observe NNP in the NN of his truly creative process .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
hip-hop albums chart with CD , 000 copies sold in its first week .	1	2	VBP	chart	charts
united nations security council resolution 54 , adopted on , determined that the situation in palestine constitutes a threat to the peace within the meaning of article 39 of the charter of the united nations .	13	16	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
one entry in the diary relates how NNP criticized her string quartet writing as `` too JJ .	1	5	VBZ	relates	relate
the website includes a variety of NNP resources , including fully VBN texts of his plays and poems , multimedia materials and records of his plays in performance , and historical information about shakespeare 's life and the renaissance .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the top of the base has the speaker , the power , volume , channel , input , and the menu buttons , which are VBN so the symbols and NNS change when the NNP is accessed .	28	31	VBP	change	changes
i would have otherwise just applied a JJ block to get the user 's attention , but the user seems to have performed his final move and logged out , so i believe a longer block is VBN .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem
visitors are welcomed to the site on selected dates between easter and october ; usually easter monday followed by the second sunday of each month .	0	1	VBP	are	is
although the area of central NNP is subject to NNS , the general trend is that of NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the article needs work , for sure , but the subject matter has been covered by reliable sources and is notable as an engine theory .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
NNP databases , analysis , and NNS are accessible only to VBG clients and to students in participating university libraries .	1	7	VBP	are	is
in a similar manner , the performance of the equivalent RB compiled program will depend on the quality of its generated machine code , so the test or comparison also has to report the name , version and NN of the used NN , and its activated NN NNS .	26	30	VBZ	has	have
his photographs of festivals and leisure activities are full of a somewhat JJ NN and show the influence of NNS such as henri NNP , NNP NNP , homer NNP and his own collection of the work of sir benjamin stone .	1	7	VBP	are	is
people frequently add pages to wikipedia without considering whether the topic is really notable enough to go into an encyclopedia .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
they have confirmed that the distribution of NNS follows a JJ pattern that follows injury NN identified by the NNP NNP score .	5	8	VBZ	follows	follow
the story involves three couples in love , and a wedding that takes place over a JJ period in the NN community of cape NNP .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
categories of fish images parallel JJ categories .	0	4	VBP	parallel	parallels
the road heads into commercial areas and turns northeast onto NNP avenue , crossing into lock haven .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
trail advocates hope to extend the rock island trail by converting the entire NN within the NNP branch , an long section of the same former rock island railroad line , into an extension of the trail NN .	1	2	VBP	hope	hopes
the municipality contains several small islands , including NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
anthony ( also NNP le NNP , anthony was of JJ ancestry ( as his surname indicates ) and his NNS had long been settled in the holy land before anthony rose to prominence in NNP greece .	15	16	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the complex composition includes in the centre the key episode , the relevance of which is strengthened by the VBG lines of a wall in perspective and a NN in the background .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the basic platform of the group is to VB the power of the NN and to protect the long-term interest of hong kong .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
most NNS trains are of type NNP but demand has grown , VBG the addition of other available train types to the roster .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i had someone keep telling me that the episode itself is a reliable source .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
university research centers often offer NNP code for advanced statistical techniques , especially in fields such as political science , economics and business administration .	2	4	VBP	offer	offers
the unnamed principal of NNP high is well known throughout campus as a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
RB NNP otherwise obscure binary star system is of note primarily because it is the nearest known JJ NN candidate .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the second NN has NNP NNP installed .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
people will always argue RB ( or at least try to ) on whether the article is worthy of being on an encyclopedia or not , and will not associate the article with its creator 's ability to create articles .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
his main claim to notability appears to be as a political candidate .	2	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the australian and JJ task force serves to improve articles related to the history of australia and NNP .	5	6	VBZ	serves	serve
these men act seriously and have fast shooting times .	1	2	VBP	act	acts
attractions in the city include NNP market , the NNP museum , an NN sanctuary , a bird sanctuary , NNP point , and the nearby kit NNP and NNP island national park .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
NNS the service is JJ in both directions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the updated sections are as follows ; let me know what you think .	2	3	VBP	are	is
best regards and RB , contact mar frederick , his grace simply wants to help others and his web site is under way .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
while the passage suggests that one should consider the true NNS of a person who is being RB JJ before accepting his NN , the title and content of allen 's work refer to the reader himself .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNP period JJ is a list of members of the european parliament for the period JJ as a result of this election .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
in england and wales , as in scotland , designation as a national park means that the area has been identified as being of importance to the national heritage and as such is worthy of special protection and attention .	9	14	VBZ	means	mean
the temple is the only one in NNP , and has a floor plan similar to other southern pacific temples , including the NNP NNP ( rebuilt in 2005 ) and the NNP NNP temples .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not sure what this is , but only members are userpage NN pages .	8	9	VBP	are	is
as with any other social space , comments are sometimes JJ , of a social or personal nature .	7	8	VBP	are	is
NNS are in NNS up to , with a JJ NN that is .	0	1	VBP	are	is
where the road beyond NNP lodge makes an JJ JJ NN to NNP national park , the area known as upper NNP VBZ NNP avenue .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
the practice seeks to improve effectiveness , NN and coordination of care by following through on critical NNS with other practitioners .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek
this category includes basketball players who competed at the 2011 pan american games in NNP , NNP , mexico .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
you may find editors who agree or disagree with me , but NNS are certainly the norm on wikipedia .	12	13	VBP	are	is
fire is an important process that affects ecological systems across the globe .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
there have been proposals to VB a state horse in oregon as well as in arizona ( where an ongoing campaign seeks to VB the colonial spanish horse as the state horse prior to the state NN in 2012 ) , but neither proposal is yet successful .	20	21	VBZ	seeks	seek
however , this debate is not widespread enough for any reference to be provided .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
nothing is known about JJ religion , but their burial methods suggest a belief in an NN .	10	11	VBP	suggest	suggests
the basic concept of the NNP license is to promote the wide use of the NNP software while collecting information for claiming the contribution of the project .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
if a table would help this list meet the JJ NN , then the best answer is , imo , to create one .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
d , term of office ends december 31 , 2014 ) .	4	5	VBZ	ends	end
google search reveals only that and various bulletin boards and advertising NNS .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
closed eighteenth century NNS are very JJ with their five matching NN elements .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the spirit of the bill , though , is that lgbt soldiers will be treated just like any other soldier , in any branch .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP course provides both the management and technical NNS of what a business manager needs to know .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the tax advantage comes through VBG it on a trading profit basis rather than on an i VBP e basis .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
delete , secret pages are not an appropriate use of userspace in an encyclopedia .	3	4	VBP	are	is
list of cities and towns in austria is the appropriate place for them .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
although , at one time , workers were VBN in from miles around , the steel works now employ 800 workers , and steel manufacture is due to continue .	16	18	VBP	employ	employs
lucy poems are also NNS on simple beauty , by distance made more sweet and by death preserved in distance '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the points system is a counter which VBZ up the amount of blood VBN after killing an NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
after this brief section , the novel turns its attention solely to the death of NNP marie rose as perceived by seven different characters .	6	7	VBZ	turns	turn
the executive branch of government is the council of ministers , which is composed of members of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this child continues to VB on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
given its exceptional abilities as a swimmer , the entrance to a bronze dragon 's NN is quite naturally underwater , and often VBN with NN and coral .	9	16	VBZ	is	are
blair tells chuck that the child is louis ' , and states that part of her wanted chuck to be the father .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the park is one block from CD st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
price 's other NNS for that drawing include `` mother pyramid feeding her baby .	3	7	VBP	include	includes
NN NNS , named after the community , have an international reputation among NNS .	1	8	VBP	have	has
power NNS first convert the signal to dc , and then convert the dc signal to an ac signal .	1	3	VBP	convert	converts
the squadron flies the NNP NNP , which provides the core JJ capability for the air force and has VBN in this role for more than 50 years .	1	2	VBZ	flies	fly
his beast mode is a NN and his name is based on the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although businesses pursued the NNP model for its alleged cost NN benefits , some research indicates that private NNP plans do n't achieve any significant cost savings over JJ plans .	14	15	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the teams are VBN slightly by gender so that all the women are on the delhi team ; they then face an immunity task .	11	12	VBP	are	is
JJ NN bombs are systems involving bombs or NNS which are designed to VB the surface of an airfield runway ( or VB ) and make it JJ for flight operations .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the route then winds through the country before meeting us CD near the hope municipal airport .	1	3	VBZ	winds	wind
the image seems to have been made as part of a joke on the something NNP forums .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
i would class both sites as NN ( the german site carries NNP NNS ) .	10	11	VBZ	carries	carry
the times of india wrote `` in a time where beat comes over everything else in telugu cinema music , the album of NNP will come as a surprise .	10	11	VBZ	comes	come
february 2012 ( utc ) NNP page says all rights reserved , NNP license is incorrect .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's , and the key parts of NNP 's ; various editors cite these also .	12	13	VBP	cite	cites
awards or NNS on your user talk page , not that they have any real value in terms of cash money .	0	12	VBP	have	has
a recent review finds the first use of the term in an 1845 report by the us secretary of state to the senate .	2	3	VBZ	finds	find
his sentences are always clear and VB without JJ NN but VBD with JJ humor and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
with the mind of a JJ detective , the body of an extreme sports athlete and the NNS of a NN NN at high NNP , NNP leads the team and serves as a NN to NNP lambert .	9	27	VBZ	leads	lead
when less load is present , it VBZ back to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the gap where the road runs through the NN is VBN , suggesting that the gap is original .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run
your main complaint appears to be that its opinion articles are full of .	9	10	VBP	are	is
december 2006 ( utc ) i dont think the NN NN NNS in unless they grow up with the same parents .	11	15	VBP	grow	grows
the reason for this is debated , but commonly suggested reasons include JJ NN , lack of JJ equipment for other JJ technologies , the advent of more efficient electrical NNS , or ease of installation compared to other JJ technologies ( like NN cooling ) .	10	11	VBP	include	includes
NNP working with trafficking victims continue to assert the government is not JJ in searching for victims among vulnerable populations such as foreign women in the sex trade or JJ NNS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
other users are humans and we are n't the thought police .	1	2	VBP	are	is
variations within a family likely reflect the intensity of the NN , how the NN is controlled , whether it is VBN or JJ , and the NNS of the event that VBD the NN .	0	5	VBP	reflect	reflects
the NNP numbers of a complex surface depend only on the JJ real NN ring of the surface , and are JJ under JJ NNS except for NN , 1 which increases by 1 under VBG up a single point .	2	7	VBP	depend	depends
there used to be a rule that after a NN , the clock stops until the ball is VBN .	12	13	VBZ	stops	stop
and their powers are the notable characteristic that identifies them .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ design features the statue of liberty on the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
in some cases , a player is better off to let the ball NN rather than attempt to VB it , then hit it on the rise right after the NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
students apply and must be selected to attend jane NNP .	0	1	VBP	apply	applies
further tasks include the assembly of linguistic NN and databases , and laying the linguistic NN for JJ software and applications .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
RB , the house is the result of an JJ combination of elements from the contemporary JJ movement and the simpler NN 's building traditions used in the hot southern coast of puerto rico .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
origins in this table are JJ and NNS were allowed to give more than one answer .	0	4	VBP	are	is
an impressed worker asks if he will get a raise today , and throws the crystal ball at his boss in the NN .	2	3	VBZ	asks	ask
syndicated programs seen on NNP include NNP , the dr .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the travel centres include NNP and NNP as well as other NN restaurants , JJ areas and a shop .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
quotes need to have a citation at the end of the sentence , even if that means NN citations in subsequent sentences .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
article leads give a NN description of who the person is and why he is notable .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the university is under the direct administration of the ministry of education of the people 's republic of china and is among the 100 key schools in the national project CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it also works when the expected argument is a JJ of any type t , and the actual argument is a list of objects of type t ( or , in greater NN , any data structure whose coordinates are of type t ) .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the JJ subway station is NNP , and the subway runs through NNP and NNP , then all the way into seoul station .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i think this NN VBZ NNP and civility policy way too broadly .	3	4	VBZ	interprets	interpret
le NN NN NNS la NN '' ) .	3	4	VBP	la	la
the edits fail to engage with any of the primary problems , and my point stands , despite NNS being VBN on the NNP .	14	15	VBZ	stands	stand
a NN drink is a JJ NN containing VBG ingredients which may be found in nature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
example , in the phrase `` NNP NNP NN NN '' literally means from time to time .	0	12	VBZ	means	mean
the society claims close to four hundred members and publishes a JJ journal NNP de NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
it occurs on a dying , VBD earth JJ of all `` successful '' humans ; the only remaining inhabitants of the planet are people with no NNS RB .	19	23	VBP	are	is
the town depends mostly on tourism and NN agriculture .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
the JJ type palace has two NNS where the prince had his NN room along with a large conference hall .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
JJ issues are important , especially in settings where no JJ group process was in place .	1	2	VBP	are	is
blood profile NNS show that among the NNPS , NNP NNS are better adapted to highlands than the NNP .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
NNP town is a main administrative and economy centre of NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one approach of many NNS is to VB ' to the reader and warn them about their own NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS apply to any NNP field in JJ physics , in particular to NNS ( cf .	1	2	VBP	apply	applies
JJ systems almost exclusively use sun NNPS 's proprietary NNP server , as sun NNS have very limited support for x .	1	4	VBP	use	uses
in 2005 small completed `` NNP 's feast , '' a piano piece commissioned by the phillips collection to celebrate the return of NNP 's painting le NNP des NNP ( NNP of the NNP party ) to the washington gallery .	12	28	VBZ	des	de
taking breaks from his final work on the project , NNP visits many buildings and public spaces of 60 's and 70 's NNP origin , the architecture and design of which serves as inspiration for much of his work .	27	32	VBZ	serves	serve
within the same NN , eggs laid earlier in the sequence have higher NN levels than eggs laid later in the sequence .	5	11	VBP	have	has
an JJ name server only returns answers to NNS about domain names that have been specifically VBN by the administrator .	3	5	VBZ	returns	return
the overall concept of this weapon is similar to the american NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as a result of the initial second album being scrapped , the song appears as a bonus track on the JJ edition of sounds from NNP .	12	13	VBZ	appears	appear
the female sand fly carries the NNP NN from infected animals after feeding , thus VBG the disease , while the male feeds on plant NN .	21	22	VBZ	feeds	feed
it would be a good idea to include in the history section the information that the origins of the NNP name are unknown and that there are local variations .	16	21	VBP	are	is
votes take issue of the sourcing .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
low NNS , all historians agree , were JJ and were needed to fund the federal government .	1	5	VBP	agree	agrees
most fiction writers , as they go along , have some sort of plan for how a scene is going to develop , but being human , they sometimes write things without realizing that they are JJ with the intended developments .	2	9	VBP	have	has
this sign is `` NNP ( `` , which means `` death '' in CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
suddenly a group of warriors hidden in one of them VBZ , NNP and her ladies in waiting are VBN , and the ships all sail back to germany .	2	10	VBZ	emerges	emerge
in NNP , the NN NN is the NN de FW ( `` cry of NN '' ) , expressing the NN of NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a book by category ( ) is one kind of reference book in ancient china .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the concept of consideration implies the NN , or value given in return for value received .	1	4	VBZ	implies	imply
its outer NN is JJ with a NN , VBN by a pair of NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the model takes into account complex physical phenomena such as NN , VBG and NNS between points on the surface NNS .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
i originally VBD how many references there were for that article , but now that the users above have stated that there are multiple third-party references to it , i believe that the article has enough notability to remain separate of an JJ domain wall .	33	34	VBZ	has	have
most students come from secondary schools in northern thailand , some even from remote areas .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
furthermore , the group is JJ on the collection of NN NNS with relatively prime entries .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these articles are very short and could use a lot of work .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the site is the only complete and JJ islamic JJ city .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all three flags use the yellow , blue and red NN , but that is where the similarities end .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
women are more likely to suffer from NN and NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in this case , the article in question ( NNP ) has four sections , but the first diff i linked could be viewed as a model of the two options .	5	11	VBZ	has	have
the sources provided are not the best , and , on top of that , most of these dont really cover him .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the house in which NNP was born is now the NNP town museum and is known as the NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
just wanted to know if there 's a problem with the fact that nearly all the previous versions are NNS .	17	18	VBP	are	is
this list also includes any person who had been head of the french government prior to the formation of the prime minister 's office ( such as the presidents of the council of ministers ) .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the hindu story of NNP is also well known throughout thailand in the name NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the convention of NN means that all material facts must be VBN in the financial statements .	1	4	VBZ	means	mean
the battle begins and constantine reveals the symbol that he was shown , a cross .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the mountain is the subject of several important NNP legends .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP sports radio , while the community radio stations are JJ , 101 .	8	9	VBP	are	is
some of the NNS in language that editors come up with is ridiculous looking but that is JJ to a stark question of inclusion or NN based on whether the person said they were a member of whatever group in question .	7	8	VBP	come	comes
this theory is also likely as 19th century NNS were able to travel through JJ regions of NNP and document the few remaining greek words that mostly elderly residents could remember .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bill NNP ( dana andrews ) VBZ what they will do if NNP does not return , and after the sun rises , the NNS send the men into the woods to protect them from enemy aircraft .	24	25	VBP	send	sends
the video primarily shows west and NNP VBG a NNP luxury car and then driving around in it with no doors or windows , while four girls are VBG in the NN .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
these NNS also have an unusually high number of NNS , twelve sets .	1	3	VBP	have	has
when the hero saves her , she VBZ a NN to him that gradually VBZ into romantic interest .	2	3	VBZ	saves	save
the references are very limited , the most prevalent author is the very person being promoted in the article .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article , to a degree , VBZ the ultimate direction of logical thinking and holding it above a belief in god .	1	7	VBZ	explores	explore
the primary keys for news article citations are the NN , NN , title , and publication .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the simple square glass pavilion is a powerful expression of his ideas about flexible interior space , defined by transparent walls and supported by an external structural frame .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
one question in my view is whether checkuser information should be released simply for the sake of some community NN and no other clear remedy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this article is about fictional appearances of the JJ person ronald reagan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the argument is simply not notable enough at this point .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game is in development and a release date has yet to be announced .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the biggest difference is the fact that the movie tells the story in JJ order with the JJS taking place at the end while the short story starts with the NN and then goes back in time from there .	8	9	VBZ	tells	tell
the article is solely about the organization .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
considered a cult classic , the film is a compilation of various japanese martial art demonstrations by several famous japanese NNS such as NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if the file is on commons under a different name , you can add , where NNP on commons is the name of the page on commons of the duplicate file .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
also the rivalry mentioned is actually only considered a rivalry by hull city supporters , leeds fans do not consider this a rivalry .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
rural lines include the scenic west highland line , kyle line and far north line .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
typical examples include the republic NNP NNP and NNP phantom .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the palace includes a NN ( `` drawing room '' ) , tea houses , and a NN garden .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
according to the company , the use of this tool leads to reduced NN and candidate selection costs .	6	10	VBZ	leads	lead
the book claims that south asia was as not `` as easily conquered '' by `` the muslims '' as north africa or spain .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
current production at the NN is 18 , 000 cases .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
delete - the fact that the NNS should ( probably ) also be nominated for deletion has little relevance to this debate .	3	16	VBZ	has	have
common names include RB VB , RB NN and pennsylvania NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the most common form of NNP is JJ NN ' ( which happens when the patient wants to start walking ) followed in frequency by VBG NN n , NNP d , NNP s , et al .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP article is about the NN to one joke .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the two most popular NNS have public access , but three others also have access from the sea .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the NNP theorem in special NN VBZ the possible linear and JJ NNS of a JJ object .	2	6	VBZ	restricts	restrict
the genre of the series is a special kind of platform game called `` marine platform '' , due to the game being more about swimming than running and jumping around .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a JJ NN is seen in the pig family window during the series ' christmas special , VBG that the family is jewish .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
in the short story form , in which many critics feel he made his most lasting contributions , his greatest influences were NNP and NNP .	9	10	VBP	feel	feels
not every JJ transaction makes the business a business carried on with intent to VB .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
it is located south of edinburgh airport ; the community has a population of approximately 600 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
zero energy buildings achieve one key JJ goal of completely or very significantly reducing energy use and NN gas emissions for the life of the building .	2	3	VBP	achieve	achieves
arbitrary numbers are not good NNS for editorial judgment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
special trips for teens include NNS to montreal , new hampshire , the NNP , and NN fishing in lake ontario .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
this type of NN is for NN dances called NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the album features NNS with NNP de NNP and maria NNP , as well as a contribution from terry edwards .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
local unit NNS ( NNP ) VBG JJ satellites interpret the NNP frequency shift heard by NNP and NNP satellites as they pass over a NN VBG at a fixed frequency .	8	9	VBP	interpret	interprets
the book also includes several references to the real world including the poem mary had a little lamb and several common NNS such as ltd .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
weak keep google gets me a few sources , e .	1	3	VBZ	gets	get
this region also has a JJ secondary structure , which has been VBN from binding to VB NNS , structure NN , and free energy NN .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
currently member schools compete in 27 JJ sports and 14 fine arts activities .	2	3	VBP	compete	competes
the island is now just a small rock NN , with a small NN in the center .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an NNP NN is a JJ device placed around an animal 's neck to prevent NN and sometimes referred to as a NN , though its function is more usually to prevent the animal VBG with NNS or NN applied on its body .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the people of springfield go so far as to construct a golden statue of him in a parody of the biblical golden NN .	1	4	VBP	go	goes
michel NNP remarks that the story speaks for the importance of practically transmitted NN .	5	6	VBZ	speaks	speak
the NN VBZ to the bow or ( often JJ ) NN , and the two sheets VBP to the NN .	16	17	VBP	attach	attaches
the film depicts NNP having sexual encounters with his young female students , and his meeting with prof .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
the play has more recently been produced by la NNP ( melbourne ) in 2005 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
well , the full answer is that they do not always have a high input NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
upon his return , his family reveals that NNP and her father die in an accident .	5	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
contributions to charitable organizations are JJ to the NN , unless the NN organization uses any of its net NNS to benefit a private NN , or if it attempts to in any way influence political campaigns or legislation .	13	14	VBZ	uses	use
for full NN , a NN must demonstrate that the treatment versus control differences are similar to the treatment versus control differences for clinical outcome .	13	14	VBP	are	is
NNP ' NN of the prince goes badly when she proves unable to distinguish between the real prince and his NN double .	2	6	VBZ	goes	go
its long-term future is likely to depend on the result of a proposed models VBP , which would allow NNS to directly show their support for this version of NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the mass transfer VBZ the evolution of the system .	2	3	VBZ	dominates	dominate
some defenders of the theorem hold that it is applicable when voting is aimed at determining which policy best promotes the public good , rather than at merely expressing individual preferences .	1	5	VBP	hold	holds
NNS include the VBG NN NNP NN and NNP NN , the NN NNP NN , and the NN fly NNP NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the organisation works with a number of partners to deliver the festival .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
google search on `` NNP human '' shows only 47 unique results - no significant coverage found from independent sources .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show
the NN area includes NNS , NNP , NNP and NNP in the west of NNP , as well as the villages of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
a movie of to my boyfriend is also in planning stages .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
thus , the life of fernando NNP is the story of a composer VBN by circumstances that limited his musical career .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
when VBN , the NN VBZ and VBZ in a process that VBZ a NN flower , while the flowers inside emerge as the NN .	19	21	VBP	emerge	emerges
again though the main reason to delete is that there is nothing close to sufficient coverage in sources to establish notability .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
there a quite a few good sound recordings already , perhaps more than most of us VBP .	7	16	VBP	realise	realises
also , the title makes no sense .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
keep the band is notable , the album has a suitable level of coverage to merit an article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the course of fire is 60 shots within a maximum time of two hours .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
since martin NNP put forward his analysis of the NNP history , biblical scholars have accepted that these two books form part of a continuous history of israel , compiled no earlier than the late 7th century bce , but incorporating earlier works and fragments .	19	20	VBP	form	forms
features of the surrounding countryside include cork oak trees , olive trees , wheat fields and cattle NN , which together present a reasonable summary of the community 's principal sources of income .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
they had a couple rounds of NNS .	3	4	VBZ	rounds	round
it looks from different news articles like they must have cut their fleet since then , but that gap is just too huge to have been closed .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
each station has four standard balls , worth one point each , and one specially colored `` money ball '' , worth two points .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this is desirable , as a greater entry angle tends to provide a higher striking percentage .	8	9	VBZ	tends	tend
all JJ cats have a JJ base coat with coloured points on their NNS , ears , NNS and lower legs , NNS and ( in males ) NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
all trails are open to dogs , but NN rules apply except in the marked JJ area .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i think my image looks more balanced and VBZ looks VBN out ( when i said that , i was VBG to the flower - the fly is overly JJ actually , so i guess i should have been specific ) .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
participants include general officers , senior NNS , NNS , ministers , deputy ministers and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
common species include NN , NN , and various NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
senators serve for JJ terms that are VBN so elections are held for approximately NN of the seats ( a `` class '' ) every second year .	0	1	VBP	serve	serves
an alternative suggestion is that she was killed by a rare form of cancer , which occasionally develops after a NN on the NN is expelled during pregnancy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
my english is poor , so maybe some sentences are hard to understand .	8	9	VBP	are	is
a class is not an object , no it is not , but this does not mean that you can not have an object named class !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book continues to discuss personal and political events through the NNP party starting from winning on election night in 1990 .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the board also VBZ teachers ' orientation to VB them with the changes in the NN and teaching techniques .	1	3	VBZ	conducts	conduct
its installed capacity for JJR generation is 250 mw .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
c the films produced have JJ NNS and NN properties similar to those produced from JJ approaches .	2	4	VBP	have	has
at , the district is the second smallest in the commonwealth .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it is simply that our JJ convention is to call today tuesday on one side of the line , and to call today wednesday on the other side of the line .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
keep change in the medical world is a slow process .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
from the NNS VBD to NNS and grace , to the NN NNP , the races VBP all the colors of NNP .	15	16	VBP	encompass	encompasses
the path passes the well preserved 16th century NNP castle .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the university opens doors to its first students , holding classes in NNP hall .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
NNP dolphins are able to detect NN , sweet , bitter ( JJ NN ) , and JJ ( JJ acid ) VBZ , but this has not been JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , the past releases have each included a specific theme in their song selection .	4	5	VBP	have	has
this type of rock creates a strong reflection of the sun 's rays causing very hot JJ conditions in the fort and the town ( NNP is considered one of the JJS places in india ) .	1	4	VBZ	creates	create
the image on the front cover of the album is a satellite view of downtown san diego .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the NN game .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a package from NNP arrives for NNP .	1	4	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the cover design is by visual artist savage NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main problem with your additions is that they are copied NN from another source .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i think the relation to the latin word NN is pure NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
transit auxiliary police officers go through additional training by the transit bureau vandals squad as well as the NNP division to build vandalism and terrorism awareness within the transit system .	3	4	VBP	go	goes
the first solution VBZ the change in momentum per time of the car as 50 n rather than the force .	2	3	VBZ	treats	treat
well by the same logic all movie articles have to be deleted because only some of the people see movies .	7	8	VBP	have	has
four ( multiple ) aspect VBG makes use of four NNS , the fourth is amber and is placed above the other three .	4	6	VBZ	makes	make
if no one pays attention to the songs , the musician is not notable ; they become notable as people write about the music they VBP .	2	3	VBZ	pays	pay
the west front in five JJ sections remains typical of JJ architecture under the JJ NNS .	2	7	VBZ	remains	remain
in addition to students in the mount pleasant area , the district also serves high school students from NNP NNP independent school district .	11	13	VBZ	serves	serve
lists of episodes are fine by themselves ; this only needs a NN removal .	0	3	VBP	are	is
e - there has to be a process that flags problem editors so that JJR work gets an NN and issues fixed .	15	16	VBZ	gets	get
a NN is a JJ store offering a wide variety of food and household NN , organized into departments .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a hiking trail known as jeremy 's run trail crosses the stream 14 times in the national park .	2	9	VBZ	crosses	cross
essentially , a NNP is an event where editors get together and edit articles or perform other tasks on wikipedia or other wikimedia projects simultaneously .	8	9	VBP	get	gets
the monastery is both NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP from the planet NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the 2007 NNP world NNP NNP season is a NN race tournament over a season for NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP is thought to have died in poverty , and the date of his death is unknown ; he was buried on 11 august CD .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
his father is a second generation chinese NNP , and his mother is of chinese , german , and african descent .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP of west africa , women do not traditionally wear the NN , while men do .	14	15	VBP	do	does
in mathematics , especially in the field of abstract algebra , a JJ ring is a ring formed from the set of NNS in one or more variables with NNS in another ring .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
every episode has two guests , one who VBZ the technical aspects of the matches , and the other discusses the referee 's decisions and errors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
murder in eden is a british television series directed by nicholas NNP and featuring ian NNP , peter NNP and NNP armstrong .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the group connects artists , organizations , schools , and community groups and sponsors grants funding performances and educational activities .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
the more specific the expand tags are the best .	5	6	VBP	are	is
touched was also released outside the united states by pop NNPS with different cover artwork ; the japanese release contains a bonus track ( a cover of NNP NNP 's `` NNP '' ) .	18	19	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP deposits contain JJ , iron NN , NN , NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the collection includes rare books , more than 300 manuscript collections , including personal papers , business and institutional records , court and municipal documents , maps , 4 , 000 architectural drawings and resources , account books and a collection of approximately 75 , 000 photographs .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
although NNP generally VBZ NN as being distinct from humans , the poet also uses the word to VB `` evil people .	12	14	VBZ	uses	use
a translation is available at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN clip ( also known as a NN , especially in british and in commonwealth military NN ) is a NN that holds several NNS ( usually consisting of 5 or 10 rounds ) together in a single unit for easier loading of a NN 's magazine .	2	19	VBZ	is	are
government grants help to ensure service to NNS .	1	2	VBP	help	helps
the kiss principle states that most systems work best if they are kept simple rather than made complex ; therefore NN should be a key goal in design and unnecessary complexity should be avoided .	6	7	VBP	work	works
each episode shows the NNP trying to VB to their new life while NNP , the JJ NN , and her wise VBG magic mirror watch from NNS .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
JJ players are then JJ , and are then dealt with at a NN 's NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the idea of VBG all known NNS occurs in some NN of the NN of the prime numbers , where it is used to VB the existence of another prime .	1	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
more than 250 species of JJ birds and many other water birds stop in black NNP rock country for varying lengths of time .	3	12	VBP	stop	stops
an JJ colony is the basic family unit around which NNS organize their NN .	10	11	VBP	organize	organizes
in addition , the challenge requires teams to pick create 2 specific things that will count as team choice elements .	4	5	VBZ	requires	require
the institute develops JJ , JJ and JJ tools that can be applied to the study of JJ diseases as well as the discovery of new NN , drug and JJ targets .	1	2	VBZ	develops	develop
for japanese , the NN characters have been unified with chinese ; that is , a character considered to be the same in both japanese and chinese is given a single number , even if the appearance is actually somewhat different .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
JJ symptoms are JJ , JJ from other causes of cord NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
on my computer the digital method causes the cd to spin faster and RBR .	5	6	VBZ	causes	cause
the men VBP anna , with NNP beginning to perform a ritual used on NNS .	1	2	VBP	confront	confronts
the station has one single platform .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
securities are the traditional way that commercial enterprises raise new capital .	7	8	VBP	raise	raises
RB , the NNP river is considered a left tributary of the NNP river , but in practice its waters flow all the way to the NNP only during the JJ flood season .	19	20	VBP	flow	flows
well-known songs from the score include `` falling in love with love '' , `` this ca n't be love '' and `` sing for your NNP '' .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
all grades take classes in periods of 50 minutes and an additional 4 classes on the 1st and 3rd saturday of the month .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
weak keep - perhaps this article has some educational value to it .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
when this happens , the excess memory goes to waste .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
mostly just JJ , some arguments of both sides seem to hang on it .	5	9	VBP	seem	seems
new connections notice the existence of the NN file and on connect , check the file for a buddy pair and if it exists , connect to both NNS .	1	2	VBP	notice	notices
the area is ideal for NN diving and underwater fishing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if you google her name , tons of things come up - mostly related to her work in television and film .	6	9	VBP	come	comes
the following chapter VBZ the methods of religion .	2	3	VBZ	examines	examine
tram lines 4 , 9 and 11 serve the station , these are operated by de NNP .	1	7	VBP	serve	serves
usually , italian households serve JJ frozen , giving it an NN , JJ taste , while the NNP NNP NNP VBZ serving young NNS at between 9 and 13 degrees NNP , and VB at around 17 degrees .	3	4	VBP	serve	serves
along with other study guide manufacturers like NNP , NNP and NNP 's NNP , they control most of the north american market share for study guides .	5	16	VBP	control	controls
delete most likely that this article is a hoax .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
substantial populations descended from english colonists and immigrants exist in the united states , canada , australia , south africa and new zealand .	1	8	VBP	exist	exists
the list title alone is problematic .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
if going back to NNS is not possible , keep them as separate articles for now but please merge them when the time is right .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
NNS VBP more JJ gas when swimming against NNS .	0	1	VBP	consume	consumes
although not the direct ancestor of NNS , NNP is important because it gives us an idea of what the ancestor of both JJ and JJ mammals might have looked like , and also gives an indication of when these mammals may have originated .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
SYM - consensus is that the article clearly fails 1 ( a ) and ( b ) ; 2 ( b ) ; and 3 ( a ) .	6	8	VBZ	fails	fail
archaeological findings throughout the area indicate that NNP was inhabited in prehistoric times and has always been occupied by various ethnic groups .	1	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
the resolution is low , which can not be VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the plant is native to democratic republic of congo and kenya .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the ones that come closest to significant coverage are the first four in the NNP times .	1	8	VBP	are	is
NNS , or what the concern is with our NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the town has a population of 2 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
an open loop is a JJ device to VB NN by creating NN for what will come next .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a JJ network , which shares process state in an NN NN manner .	7	8	VBP	process	processes
the editor has 4 , 500 edits and the better part of a year 's service , so we do n't want to just throw him RB .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its western terminus is at route CD in NNP , and its eastern end is at u .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
if i were a new editor , i would abandon my account , VB off , JJ my wounds , drink wine and eat lots of chocolate .	18	20	VBP	drink	drinks
the village chairman is NNP stephen .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the raw NNS are JJ in favor of deletion .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a NN is a short NN of amino acids linked by JJ bonds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
google search shows a small number of hits on this , almost all coming from this article , or from another wikipedia article which mentions this term .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
as a young JJ plant grows , one or more NNS of primary JJ form in its stems and roots .	4	5	VBZ	grows	grow
cuban army units in angola answer the JJ government 's call for help and VB combat forces to stop the south NNPS short of NNP ; they also VBP NNP bay to bring in reinforcements .	2	5	VBP	answer	answers
in the final episode of the series , `` NN '' , the characters return home , and the books deal with their NN and further adventures .	19	20	VBP	deal	deals
after the eyes VBP an image , the brain VBZ it .	2	3	VBP	perceive	perceives
the second of these , `` forest of statues , '' is a circular painting based on the dimensions of `` the sanctuary '' at NNP .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the library also offers english classes for children of the town .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
but it does not work in the JJ set theory NNP and related systems , because in such systems the NN classes under NN are `` too large '' to be sets .	21	24	VBP	are	is
NNP chinese restaurant mainly serves NNP and NNP NNS , with local NN playing supporting roles on the menu .	2	4	VBZ	serves	serve
facilities include a NN shop , a NN table , etc .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
VBN NNP including the vfd warning while a vote is still in progress .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP metal is essentially a fusion of heavy metal and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
parts of it are a protected landscape area .	0	3	VBP	are	is
newer immigrants , however , maintain their language traditions .	1	5	VBP	maintain	maintains
the NN shape is not rare .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
hp fan with an JJ sense of humor is JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
bullet wounds vary in how much they VBP an NN .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
this list fails to do either and provides no context for its NNS .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
note that different sources report different number of levels and height , depending on inclusion of mechanical floors and JJ crown levels .	3	4	VBP	report	reports
the outlet 's opening hours generally range from mid morning to the JJ closing rush .	4	6	VBP	range	ranges
because of the stable NN temperature of the earth , heating and cooling costs are often much lower in an underground house than in a comparable JJ house .	13	14	VBP	are	is
yellow NN '' is actually a NN of the chinese characters , and that his title is actually `` golden NNP '' .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the nearest train station to NNP is NNP , which is away .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
currently , NNS receive a weekly la stage NNP e-mail newsletter .	2	3	VBP	receive	receives
four hundred soldiers and ten officers and cadets fall prisoners in the hand of the CD regiment soldiers , which advance till the north edge of the NNP village .	2	8	VBP	fall	falls
comment -- the nomination VBZ the house as having been `` being mentioned in some legal documents '' .	3	4	VBZ	characterizes	characterize
in the biblical account , joseph 's other son is NNP , and joseph himself is one of the two children of rachel and jacob , the other being benjamin .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
keep dedicated users keep these pages updated , making them very reliable and useful .	2	3	VBP	keep	keeps
the NNP rider amazon movie is a theatrical version of episode 16 , depicting NNP NNP 's attempt to VB NNP 's tokyo sea of flame plan .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
internet NN ; these parents have either spoken only briefly to their children about JJ NN or do not do anything at all .	4	5	VBP	have	has
it is judged based upon how the person VBZ his or her characters and whether the piece is humorous .	7	8	VBZ	portrays	portray
it also displayed a darker , more heavy JJ sound in songs like `` NNP ' NNP '' , `` days are blood '' , and `` NNP 51 '' , with other songs VBG the JJ punk of the band 's previous efforts .	20	21	VBP	Are	Is
if this assumption does not hold , perhaps because the drug remains in the blood stream , we would have to consider multiple treatments .	10	11	VBZ	remains	remain
spanish ) , a bridge in the city of NNP , lima , peru , which NNP insists is the true NNP de los NNS .	4	18	VBZ	is	are
i do not expect that any findings of fact or NNS will be posted for a few weeks still , since more evidence ( and examination of that evidence ) is likely to be JJ .	22	30	VBZ	is	are
between the NNP loop and the NNP NNP , the NNS have their own NN for a short period in the middle of island road where the tracks are not on a paved street and where you can see the wooden ties .	27	28	VBP	are	is
blood tests for the NNS are important JJ tools .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this model of NN has some critical advantages over dna computing .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
but i still think the wiki policy is wrong .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
merge whatever is worth saving with NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the original research is in the NNS about NNP which are contrary to the cited material from NNP and NNP and other wikipedia sources .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
defensive capabilities include rotating each turbine to face opposite directions to VB an energy shield that VBZ both NNS and missiles .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
inscription says `` respect sex workers all over the world .	0	1	VBZ	says	say
the first written record of the town 's name dates back to CD .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date
another feature of the `` NN '' effect is that a NN effect is present .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this category is for articles related to the city of NNP park , new jersey .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
increased wealth NN and income NN causes NNS in the housing market that push rent NNS higher , making housing JJ .	2	6	VBZ	causes	cause
david lawrence NNP article is just vandalism .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the lower part of the park has several small exotic JJ structures , VBG algeria , where NNP spent part of his life .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
where NNP breaks away is where he explains that the NNS have two authors , as opposed to god being the sole author of the NNP .	10	11	VBP	have	has
other early examples of history include JJ stones found in NNP such as the NNP stone .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the steel used is generally a high carbon variety and very hard .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the floor is made of easily JJ VBN NN ; the fabric is JJ ; the individual rear seats VBP , VBP up and are JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the department employs a JJ , full-time staff , comprising seven NNS , five fire engineers , three NNS , an assistant chief , a chief , an emergency manager , a campus continuity NNP , and a unit coordinator .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
in orange county , however , nearly all the land is urban .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
organizations face a significant challenge to track the location , quantity , condition , maintenance and NN status of their fixed assets .	0	1	VBP	face	faces
floyd 's husband , tim floyd , also is a professor at the walter f .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the update features NNS from version 9 .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
free cultures leave content open for expansion by others .	1	2	VBP	leave	leaves
the house is currently a private residence , and is not visible from the street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the other choices include CD , CD , CD , and CD , with progressive effect of reducing spanish dominance in favor of the other nations , while increasing VBG traffic .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the holder of a NN , known as a JJ , has the right to use ( JJ ) the property and enjoy its fruits ( NN ) .	1	11	VBZ	has	have
females seem to be more at risk based on their family relations .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
the only significant problem i see is a lack of sources other than bible verses .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
weak keep the NNP bush NNP was involved is so many controversial issues involving the press that i think its press spokesman is notable enough .	12	18	VBP	think	thinks
the town of NNP is in the metropolitan area of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
identity theft is a form of stealing someone 's identity in which someone VBZ to be someone else by assuming that person 's identity , typically in order to access resources or obtain credit and other benefits in that person 's name .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most JJ thing , however , is that this admin 's response to what he VBZ as criticism .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , NNS who experience a run of bad luck are more likely to suspect NN play when simple NN is the most likely cause .	5	13	VBP	are	is
this hypothesis implies that local adaptation would be expected in different locations around europe and beyond , as each local population evolved an NN that VBD the problems of living underground .	1	2	VBZ	implies	imply
the terms also require that if the user publishes copies those copies must also be VBN under the gfdl , including any m , VBD NNS , and including any derived works or composite works that include gfdl content .	1	3	VBP	require	requires
fight period is JJ , VBG from november to december .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS are created for VBG the NN , and are not VBG sex toys , although the shape of some NNS allows for NN and the NN of inner JJ zones .	18	22	VBZ	allows	allow
this rule sounds as though it is stating the obvious , but NNP found it necessary to include it .	1	2	VBZ	sounds	sound
this category is for articles on history books with armenia as a topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article makes far too many unreferenced and bizarre claims .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
time is n't an issue here , but i would think more than a few months would a bit long .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
their JJ album is 1981 's NNP free , which is certified NN by the recording industry association of america ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main occupation in this area is agriculture .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
his brother is NNP NNP who is the former foreign secretary of india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he initially heads to tokyo to expand his NNS at the NN chain NNP ; the story continues with NNP 's NNS with his other NNS .	16	17	VBZ	continues	continue
perception is sometimes more important than truth .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
german military officers who are actually known to have worn a NN include hans NNP , NNP von NNP , and hugo NNP .	2	12	VBP	include	includes
the station is south east of manchester NNP and is the terminus of the NNP line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
like NNP , NNP appears very cold and NN at the beginning of the series , however , following interaction with NNP NNP , NNP , like his master , begins to VB up and develop a much more pleasant NN .	19	30	VBZ	begins	begin
as the album is unreleased seems a bit of crystal ball VBG going on .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first program director of `` tv bulgaria '' is NNP NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the test is approximately three hours in duration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on the other hand , he strictly opposed the view that JJ statements are JJ or otherwise inherently bad , and noted that NN does not imply it .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the objective is to hit the opponent below the NNS until he can no longer continue .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the length of head and body ranges from 1 .	1	6	VBZ	ranges	range
the poems of the NNPS fill many volumes , and are made up of NNS , NNS , NN and blank verse .	1	5	VBP	fill	fills
i can find indicates to me that this group is notable .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
as many families in the area have JJ NNS compared with the perth metropolitan region , private schools such as NNP NNP college , NNP college , lake NNP baptist college and st .	2	6	VBP	have	has
men perform the NNP wives of windsor at NNP palace .	0	1	VBP	perform	performs
here 's the problem - the title of the women 's page is usa women 's national basketball team .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
the niagara logo is a bull NNP ( VBN after former team NN don cherry 's famous dog , `` blue '' ) playing hockey in hockey gear .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
nearby attractions include bruce trail , mount albion conservation area , NNP 's falls , king 's forest golf course , NNP sports park , NNP golf course , NNP 2000 trail , battlefield house museum and the devil 's punch bowl .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
other exterior differences are another JJ NN for VBG heat from the engine bay and fuel cap in different location .	2	3	VBP	are	is
bio , even if her employer is notable .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a popular variation is the JJ NN , in which each NN is partially VBN around its base to form a small NN from which the remaining length NNS free .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the priest promises to reveal to VB the truth of who his father was , but before he can , NNP 's men murder him , forcing NNP to flee the village by himself , pursued by the NN .	1	2	VBZ	promises	promise
article is VBN and i doubt whether many incoming links are likely .	9	10	VBP	are	is
cars driven by the NNS are also different ; NNS drive muscles , NNS drive NNS and scouts drive NNS ( although the first two JJ NNS ( NNP and NNP ) drive cars according to the player 's chosen car class at the start of the game ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the establishment of the NNP people is uncertain , though many sources indicate descent from the NNP empire .	11	12	VBP	indicate	indicates
the plant is a member of the islands ' NN flora .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
mission of NNP is to conduct analysis of army forces and systems in the context of joint and combined NN .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
his main guitar is a JJ NNP NNP , but also is very NN of NNP ball NNP guitars .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the patient is JJ , she usually presents with JJ NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the music video shows pictures a la NNP landing fashion and are a NN of NNP throughout his life , from early childhood through shortly before his death .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
when you go outside you 're suddenly in a situation where your skin is much JJR than the outside air ( far more so than if you had n't kept your coat on ) , so you quickly lose a lot of heat .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
as his name suggests , his very first appearance in the comics had him looking like a tall , VBN , JJ deer with a JJ head , and he even had NNS for hands .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
organizations are responsible for setting their own targets and performance measures , with the standard serving to assist them in meeting objectives and goals and the subsequent monitoring and measurement of these ( NNP 2010 ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
since the concentration factor is less than in JJ NN plants , the temperature of the heat transfer fluid is lower .	13	19	VBZ	is	are
comment true , as it stands , but it seems to me that an encyclopedia entry probably is justified , and could be written for this subject .	15	17	VBZ	is	are
the site consists of a cemetery and the foundations of the families ' houses .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the NN color is from another source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
letting people know an article is NN is useful .	1	2	VBP	know	knows
the bike manages to trap NNP against a wall , but is stopped when NNP turns on a sun bed .	1	2	VBZ	manages	manage
NNP NN , common name the tan NN , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the margin snails .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the aircraft is no longer JJ , but can be VBN on the ground .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people are more willing to question their perception of others than their sense of self .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the article is a stub which might go to afd , but the reasoning given here is likely insufficient .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the center of the sphere seems like the obvious place from which to project .	2	6	VBZ	seems	seem
william NNP teams , nicknamed RB as the warriors , are part of the national association of NNP athletics ( NNP ) , primarily competing in the california pacific conference ( NNP ) .	2	10	VBP	are	is
NNP scholarship makes you automatically notable ( for the same reason that not all rhodes scholars have articles ) .	15	16	VBP	have	has
a perfect example of this is that he keeps a NN of NN in his belt at all times in order to take down one of his closest friends , superman , if necessary .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the meaning of this is as clear as language can make it .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP now also owns the television rights under license from NNP , which explains why the NNP logo appears before television NNS of this film .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear
the NN is a JJ head 1 or 2 NNS wide filled with JJ NNS and clusters of flowers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what you are seeing in the NNP is that the real theory behind NN is more complex than was is presented in a book intended for a general audience .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the painting extends into the house over the walls and doors , up the NNS , and onto the furniture itself .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
the only reliable sources that i can find are for films that have the same name .	3	8	VBP	are	is
the short film shows an encounter between a child of a rich family and a street child , through rich kid 's window .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
NN is the primary focus of NNP hotels , its lobby , filled with contemporary furniture , modern shapes and colors to VB a fresh appearance .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
when victims VBP that they have not received their goods , the legitimate account holder receives the blame .	14	15	VBZ	receives	receive
a VBN wolf meets a JJ dog and VBZ him on his JJ appearance .	2	3	VBZ	meets	meet
the editors in question have a long history of interaction and mutual support concerning date VBG activities .	1	4	VBP	have	has
the problem i had is that there are simply no english sources for a lot of the facts that need sources in this article .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ clips are a combination between NNS and posts .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as the NNP makes his final preparations , NNP realizes that his target is not brown , but the first lady ( NNP harper ) , who is due to give a major public speech .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
other significant grape varieties , used primarily in NN , include NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	10	VBP	include	includes
you might be interested in latin square , a correct NN grid is a special kind of latin square .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
many newer machines have a computer interface for analysis and printing .	2	3	VBP	have	has
additionally , in one scene of the simpsons movie , when the family moves to alaska , NNP VBZ a NN that reads `` NNP sweet NNP '' , revealing their exact location .	12	13	VBZ	moves	move
if other news sources make the same claim , post them to the article and the debate is over .	3	4	VBP	make	makes
these names are typically very long and too complex to be commonly used in referring to a drug .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although the majority of the literature mentions only one genus VBG NNP to humans ( NNP ) in the us , a 2003 study by NNP suggested a new classification for american sand flies , VBG several NN to the genus level .	2	6	VBZ	mentions	mention
in general , the departments perform research and provide lectures to students , while the colleges are responsible for the domestic arrangements and welfare of undergraduate students , graduate students , JJ researchers and some university staff .	4	5	VBP	perform	performs
several zones occur in the JJ NNP .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
girls '' is told from the viewpoint of an eight year old girl , and highlights how indian society takes women for granted and conditions them to accept a secondary role in the family .	18	19	VBZ	takes	take
a second theme , marked , appears in bar 33 .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the college is VBG with cameron university in NNP , and students are JJ .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the water falls with great speed .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
with reference to these NNS NNP often used to say , `` the outside world is the projection of your own mind .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
less obvious NNS include nerve compression and resulting damage , circulation problems and NN , and the JJ NN hang syndrome .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the village is the location for the lady dudley cup , a point to point race that was first run in 1897 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his main surviving work is the series of wall paintings in the st .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the album also features a hidden track ( played on a JJ piano ) , which is included in the final 20 seconds of the `` young guns ( go for it ) '' track .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the final leg of the NN circuit is the longest .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this latter pattern is common throughout the NNP languages , though in some it is combined with an explicit NN case , so that both parts of the compound are marked .	25	29	VBP	are	is
the publication provides local news , events , information about healthcare , education and social activities in spanish .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
lines a and b are automatic metro lines , which use NNP technology built by NNP , now part of NNP transportation systems .	0	4	VBP	are	is
these keyboard NNS are mostly JJ , and allow direct access to every character in the alphabet .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this show features videos by underground soul artists .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
these earlier rules take considerable artistic liberty in their NN - for example , allowing monsters to be `` partially destroyed '' , or to be played as magic cards .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
the standard description of measurement in quantum mechanics is also time JJ ( see measurement in quantum mechanics ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the only legitimate material on the article page is a fair , informative , biography of her .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
horror fans in the us and britain seem to remember him best however for his two demons films and a blade in the dark .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
the encoded protein contains a VBG JJ NN finger domain with a repeating JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the two sets of NN are deliberately quite similar , and there is some NN in fac and NNP reviewers and NNS , but the requirements are not and need not be identical .	25	26	VBP	are	is
image used only in vandalism ; description on the image page is not accurate .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
other names in common use include JJ NN , and VB NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
james and the band do not turn up and NNP NNP ( james NNP ) reveals that james 's hotel room is empty .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , winning an election serves as a NN of the views that the candidate VBZ , and therefore adminship , like political office , becomes a power base and a status symbol , rather than merely a way of serving the community .	14	15	VBZ	expresses	express
simply because the term exists , does not mean that it should be included in an encyclopedia , nor should it be included as a redirect or disambiguation page .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
its manufacture uses technologies include vacuum VBG and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
where the parties are unable to review the evidence of their own actions or where the decision is reached with the NNS only consulting a single version of evidence presented .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the population of the village of NNP is almost entirely NNP ( romanian ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the fact that at times he acted as chief of the general staff during world war ii indicates that van NNP had JJ trust in his abilities .	1	17	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the JJ marine deposits are usually JJ at NNS of approximately 1 metre and includes NNS areas along the NNP river .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this category contains JJ .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
delete while interesting , an encyclopedia is for basic info on topics -- not for databases on the intersection of two different topics .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
each team of the annual race consists of six runners who must complete six laps through the historic city streets .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist
by 1830 , contemporary maps show buildings on all sides of the square and many of the surrounding roads .	4	5	VBP	show	shows
however , the marriage still requires consent for the wedding to legally take place .	3	5	VBZ	requires	require
NNP tape , a single NN has a more damaging effect .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
in armenian tradition , the NNS steal the lung , liver and heart of women in NN , pregnant women , and women who have just given birth .	5	6	VBP	steal	steals
older variants are JJ and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
homer 's record collection includes music by the new NNP NNP and the wedding of NNP bird johnson , the albums NNP NNP and ballad of the green NNPS by staff NNP .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include
he noted that what coleman and stewart did regarding the band `` is RB simple , but none .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
NN and the king of NNP , NNP , flee the battle and fall into one of NNP 's many NNS while other survivors escape into the mountains ( v .	23	24	VBP	escape	escapes
as yet , the company has no direct competitors in basic mail delivery .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
its main use is as a friction device for controlling the rate of descent in NN systems .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their traditional home is the NNP hills .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
recreational facilities in the park include JJ tables , play equipment , and a NNP bike track .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
use of separate NNS for this purpose is one of the key features that VBZ the NNP steam engine of CD from the NNP steam engine of CD .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the listed buildings consist of a church and a NN in its NN , a railway station , a VBG block , and two NNS .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
for NNP ( kindergarten ) , NNP band is available , as for NNP ( primary school ) , NNP ( junior high school ) , and NNP ( high school ) , NNP band is available .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
my contributions to warriors ( novel series ) and wikiproject warriors are the ones i am most proud of .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the first argument for keeping is , essentially , that every dr who episode article has an infobox , , and all of the NNS have space for pictures , so it is silly not to have a picture for this article .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
although this NN is derived in large part from tibetan buddhism , NNP argues ( and uses many tables of NNS to show ) that these same levels of being are common to all wisdom teachings .	27	30	VBP	are	is
substances involved are RB , JJ , JJ NNS , NNS , NNS , medium chain JJ acids , NN , JJ NNS , etc .	0	2	VBP	are	is
the first parameter to the country data template is actually the name of the formatting template .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the new holder of the cup is NNP sofia as they beat NNP NNP with final score CD in 2011 and they became the most successful club in that competition .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i think that 's important , because registered vandals are more dangerous to the project than anonymous ones - they are harder to spot , because registered users are usually assumed not to be vandals until the opposite is proven , rather than vice NN as with us NNS .	8	9	VBP	are	is
other important centres are the county towns of bad NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
world of NNP covers the subject of classes adequately without the need for a JJ list .	0	3	VBZ	covers	cover
the modern municipality of NNP is first mentioned in CD as NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
JJ cover , the record 's NNS and NNS make for an experience that 's unique even in the context of NNP 's JJ and JJ NN '' .	6	9	VBP	make	makes
the fatal crash is however VBN by the thick branches of NN trees , so that the four men arrive , although injured , some seriously , but still alive on the ground .	18	19	VBP	arrive	arrives
in addition to the japanese curriculum , students also take american social studies and extra english lessons .	7	9	VBP	take	takes
white NN NNS are larger and the red on the head is darker .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her husband struggles to VB her but accepts that their son needs a mother figure .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need
his NNS and NN set school season records , and he set the school 's NNS record two years in a row , having logged eight as a NN .	15	16	VBP	record	records
his speeches are famous both inside and outside parliament .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the only reasonable outcome i can see is to tell him to stop and follow reasonable NNP , collaborative editing .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the conclusion that i drew was that such a decision is JJ NN and has to be a JJ decision for everybody .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
lucy - her demon is a medium who was possessed by a NN and attacked most of the girls at the library then the demon went to lucy 's house .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
please note that socks should typically not be added to the archive without going through an active case , particularly where the chance of NN accounts is high , so i have moved this out of the archive for action by a clerk .	22	26	VBZ	is	are
this picture of NNP only exists on the english wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist
another example would be that the NNP NNP series resembles traditional buddhist NN NN stories set in an science fiction environment .	14	15	VBP	set	sets
studies indicate that the spread of alarm through colonies of social NNS is VBN largely by NN and , possibly , visual NNS .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
his commander tells him to let the us division handle it .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the club 's name comes from the JJ NNP bird , a native american legend from the NNP , illinois area just outside of st .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the total depth of the NN is about 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the issues are the same , it seems to me .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no reasonable person can deny that the polish name NNP is much more commonly used in english language publications then , say , serbian NNP or arabic NNP .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
the open NNPS regime covers the territory over which the state party exercises sovereignty , including land , islands , and internal and territorial waters .	3	4	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP for best new talent - male ( top television awards show in australia ) .	10	11	VBP	show	shows
the story of NNP and NNP NNP appears to be common to both bengal and NNP .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
afterwards he lets the prisoners go free , so that they can help VB the nation after the war .	4	5	VBP	go	goes
the JJ organisms in NN associated with JJ NN disease generally reach the bone from adjacent NN NNS .	2	11	VBP	reach	reaches
NNP NNP concentrations in human milk appear to be much lower than those of JJ NNP .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears
the stems tend to be tall and NN , with an overall height of JJ meters ( JJ ft ) .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
since we 've been working without feedback for too long , i expect this first week or two will be JJ , but NNS now are JJ to VB later , so bear with us .	23	25	VBP	are	is
his JJ records give an idea of the contemporary catholic population , consisting primarily of NNS and NNS , plus two `` NNS '' and one `` NN .	2	3	VBP	give	gives
today the second teams of both clubs play in the stadium .	3	7	VBP	play	plays
tools consist of JJ NNS ( 22 percent ) , whole and broken JJ items ( 42 percent ) , and utilized NNS ( 21 percent ) .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
if the NN VBZ , there are other NNS .	2	3	VBZ	persists	persist
some original JJ seals , however , still survive from as early as the 6th century .	3	8	VBP	survive	survives
he was VBN 3 x 3 x 4 to NNP , meaning that this NN appears twice in the third and once in the fourth generation of NN .	14	15	VBZ	appears	appear
the `` judge '' , a sympathetic criminal called `` the governor '' , agrees .	2	14	VBZ	agrees	agree
critic andy NNP has noted that such fragments seem to arise naturally from the `` RB sophisticated '' worlds NNP has created .	7	8	VBP	seem	seems
when poll leads are VBN using statistical techniques , they find that JJ NNS VBP JJ market prices .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
if it remains , then it will show up as a rather mysterious word in the final text portion of your article ( since category lines are NNS which are moved from the main text ) .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the problem is with each specific day 's tip - the history was deleted along with the original pages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article does no such thing .	1	2	VBZ	does	do
the place for that is one of the many computer science journals that exist .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
to use an example , it is like having to cite evidence that soap makes water NN .	13	14	VBZ	makes	make
NNP ) the issue seems beyond just the afd , though .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP developed the NNP method designed to help real people get a handle on their money so they can lead the live they really want .	9	10	VBP	get	gets
rules and policies are there to help us in this venture .	0	3	VBP	are	is
as NN rifles are often extremely powerful and consequently loud , it is common for NNS to use a technique known as sound NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the mine consists of a corridor that is so strongly VBD that it forms a secondary NN with brown NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP ( debates in the form of poetry between two people or objects or concepts ) are also extant .	2	16	VBP	are	is
the center is also home to the chamber orchestra of philadelphia , NNP and the philadelphia chamber music society ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , the three middle NNS of the front NN are VBN and the eyes are also completely covered by skin .	14	15	VBP	are	is
he studied the culture to express how the songs of the NNP are a cross between a creation myth , an atlas and an aboriginal man 's personal story .	8	12	VBP	are	is
export seems to be disabled currently .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
blogs are not reliable sources under our policy .	0	1	VBP	are	is
however , if the bench during the hearing of any matter feels that the matter needs to be considered by a larger bench , such a matter is referred to a larger bench .	14	15	VBZ	needs	need
the `` garage '' itself is actually an asteroid in the constellation leo which houses a pocket universe .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the image in question is of israeli telephone NNS which have been out of circulation for about 20 years .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
leaves consist largely of JJ components , and it has been estimated that NN NNS void as JJ NNS nearly half of the energy they VBP .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
notice how that article carefully defines its listing criteria .	3	5	VBZ	defines	define
the primary NN of the star NN is that the hub represents a single point of failure .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
i ca n't help feeling that , if all this content ( and more ) is really necessary , then the article is in need of subdivision .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
they have a daughter , but their marriage is NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
it has caused NNS in the past and the depth is unknown .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the estimated population of new zealand at the end of 1855 is 59 , 500 māori and 37 , CD NN .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
if this is not an isolated case , NNP is probably all ears about it because the motion sensor is one of the most JJ features on a NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
a central issue in JJ ethics is the problem of evil , the apparent NN between a NN , JJ god and the existence of evil and hell ( see problem of hell ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
famous soldiers of the division include sergeant NNP c .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the story tells of NN VBN at the court of the NNPS , how he was murdered , and of his wife NNP 's revenge .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
people are always notable for being a u .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the name plaque is not so significant imo , to justify this .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their date is interrupted by NNP williams , who explains that her mother is a huge fan of karl and his music .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
mercury announces NNP 's decree that earth shall have flowers , just as the NNS have stars , and that these flowers will be born of the union of NNP , a NN of the NNP fields , and NNP , god of the spring wind .	14	15	VBP	have	has
the users clearly seem to be different individuals .	1	3	VBP	seem	seems
son of a JJ surgeon so-called NNP , and of a NN , NNP , his family belongs to local NN , and his father was mayor of NNP ( NNP 's region , in NNP ) , between 1913 and 1919 .	16	17	VBZ	belongs	belong
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 4 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP festival series ii currently updates on an JJ schedule ; typically , new comics appear on a monday , about once every two weeks .	14	15	VBP	appear	appears
the primary purpose of this organization is to protect against NN and loss of life , and to provide emergency medical care to all persons on the university of delaware campus and neighboring communities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the quarter is part of the district of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the end of march our upcoming video criminal of love will be out as the happy NNP period ends .	18	19	VBZ	ends	end
the last page is an image of a flower , which has no associated action or text .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the top section contains a NN antenna and the bottom contains user controls , a speaker and a NN .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the grandmother tells jerry that the girl told many stories , and a later visit to one of her friends reveals that NNP had a friend she called `` the giant '' .	14	20	VBZ	reveals	reveal
so i guess delete is correct in this case , but arguing for deletion in a project with millions of editors and very easy to use editing tools based on burden seems a little NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as of 2012 , the NNP website seems to list all the NNP VBZ businesses , which then relate to the relevant section stated above as to who owns the NNS business .	6	7	VBZ	seems	seem
his business maintains a small fleet of aircraft .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the airline also offers JJ daily newspapers on its flights , and it sells items with the company name and logo .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP side has fans all over iceland .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
according to the united states patent and trademark office , the trademark for this image is dead and is now in the public domain .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
every sentence contains an NN or NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the west landing , which is situated in such a NN , VBZ in a cave .	2	12	VBZ	terminates	terminate
the cut comes in two different variations , with curved and JJ sides .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the NN in the brake cylinder has a flexible NN ring that allows air to pass from the upper part of the cylinder to the lower part if necessary .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
the JJ leg design is characteristic of many victorian and earlier nursing NNS , exposed wood NNS and a variety of NNS and tables .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as a NN , the reader becomes familiar with the diary of stephen king the character which encompasses the period from 1977 to 1999 .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
VBN NN channels stretch from president roads to the inner harbor , and from NNP roads to the NNP NNP river and NNP bay via hull NNP and west NNP .	2	3	VBP	stretch	stretches
the official remix of the song features puerto rican singer tony NNP .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
seems to me the family tree you cite is original research by somebody else and definitely copyrighted ( that is , the arrangement of the lines and boxes , etc .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
these NNS include private and public NNS and over 25 million acres in the united states .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
three days prior to this saturday pilgrimage , people visit the symbolic pagan NN .	8	9	VBP	visit	visits
the JJ finite difference equation is the newton series .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
maximum recorded depth is 102 m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first floor has the VBG hall , and above on the second hall had NNS for the family .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the authors of the buildings of england series consider that the NN is too thin for such a substantial church and that the NNS are `` JJ '' .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the city of athens is at war with a VBG JJ NNS accidentally produced when an ordinary serving is hit by a ray from an alien space ship .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
avenue station serves as the sixth station for NNP trains headed for NNP and as the JJ station for trains headed to north avenue .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
taking into account weight given in the sum of these 5 sources main article is not its place .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
although females from the species , NNP NN , NNP NN and NNP NNS tend to be the JJR sex , it is not uncommon to observe males from different spider species such as the NNP NNS and NNP NN , to be VBN as well .	1	14	VBP	tend	tends
take a look at the cliff article to see how tall the world 's highest cliffs are .	15	16	VBP	are	is
this issue has been going on for more than a week now , and with the latest developments , i personally think that the case is clear .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
new zealand 's gun laws are notably more liberal than other countries in the pacific and focus mainly on VBG NN owners , rather than VBG firearms or banning certain types of firearms .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the bells refer to the NN .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers
currently , the three current NNS are the only stores open .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the first mention of the sword reported in historical records is in CD , but the blade dates back to the 10th century , while the NN is from the 13th century and NNS are probably from the time of charles iv .	16	17	VBZ	dates	date
the dam provides JJ water storage for the federal central valley project of the united states bureau of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
NNS still exist in NNP , and JJ fruits and vegetables are sold in the village , most notably the NNP NN .	0	2	VBP	exist	exists
an estimate is that in 2007 , 900 , 000 NN tourists visited NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of , of which , of it is land and of it ( 29 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
for the trivial ones with JJ appearance , the projects guidelines say they should not even be redirected , and i agree .	10	11	VBP	say	says
the switch , however , has a list of registered nodes ( currently containing only the NNP node ) and VBZ every one of them .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
as these NNS eggs develop , they VBP RB , and become larvae .	3	4	VBP	develop	develops
the service operates NNS to NNP only ; NNS from NNP , and NNS from london .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
the lyrics to `` indonesia NNP '' are a mix of NNP and indonesian .	1	7	VBP	are	is
thus , NNP 's culture is similar to that of its neighbours in the persian gulf region .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the slight twist in natural NNS then makes the arrow NN in flight , which increases accuracy .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make
this page here is for deciding on keeping it or deleting it .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the trail offers a NN of the often hostile environment of highland NNP , passing through the JJ forest and its accompanying NNS and dead fraser NNP .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP dogs require tall secure VBG for best NN .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
for example , private art collectors VBP their art to famous NNS to organize public group exhibitions .	5	6	VBP	lend	lends
article is in need of more information .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the tourism sector is JJ , and JJ NNP NN requirements ( including a letter of invitation from an approved source in belarus ) are a JJ to tourists .	10	24	VBP	are	is
NNS , the NNP league , several NNP cities ( of which NNP and NNP are the most important ) and NNP pirates against the forces of rhodes and later NNP i of NNP , NNP , NNP , athens and NNP .	8	15	VBP	are	is
if a term is in common usage , we describe it in an article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
labor issues are not unique to united states law .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however , unless that spelling is more common in english-language documents , the spelling with `` a '' should be retained .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the wiki page for NN is a good one .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NN to say the sources are external and are clearly not associated with the subject .	4	5	VBP	are	is
SYM - subfamily NNP the habitat consists of forests and JJ vegetation .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP confirmed to VB that the NNP boy is his son , alexander , and she did not tell NNP for fear he would try to have a deeper relationship with her ; NNP fears for alexander 's future given the NN of his family name .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
old age is also not clearly defined .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the latest NNS of these titles ( from 2008 ) the `` introducing '' is played down to the level of a series name , and the titles are instead prominently VBN `` a graphic guide '' .	28	29	VBP	are	is
acceptance rate in bits is very low , less than 1 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
additionally , several bus lines serve the area .	4	5	VBP	serve	serves
image of union city , new jersey taken by nasa ( red line shows where union city is ) .	12	13	VBZ	shows	show
other public sector agencies that are major employers in the city include central scotland police , scottish prison service , NNP forth valley and the scottish environment protection agency .	3	11	VBP	include	includes
the receiver knows when the message is complete by checking whether NNP ( 1 ) or NNP ( 0 ) was received .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the artifacts , which date from the NNP to the early christian period , VBP primarily from excavations of the tenth NNP of prehistoric and classical NNPS .	1	14	VBP	derive	derives
otherwise , you can not prove that the person VBG you is the actual individual .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
a norman element on NNP 's coat of arms is its NN , st .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
if stress NN does not occur , zero effective stress is not possible to occur , then JJ mobility takes place .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the city has a significant population of families that use NNP as a halfway point between jobs in different cities , mainly salem and portland .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the climate is JJ , so many plants that grow here are adapted to low water usage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name of the town is from NNP NNP , a land agent and land owner .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as of 2008 , the district has an estimated population of 29 , CD and a density of 34 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the business that began in 1958 with one product now VBZ more than 250 products through fast food and other restaurants as well as other institutions .	1	10	VBZ	distributes	distribute
on the flight , james passes out when air trapped in his broken nose VBZ due to air pressure changes and the pilot ends up making an emergency landing in helsinki , finland .	22	23	VBZ	ends	end
many texts survive in multiple copies because they were repeatedly VBN by NN .	1	2	VBP	survive	survives
the JJ systems of stars other than the sun and the solar system are a JJ element in much science fiction .	2	13	VBP	are	is
if this holds , we must then determine how the material is to be presented in the article .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
when one player passes he is forced to pick up one card from the remaining deck and add it to his hand .	2	3	VBZ	passes	pass
his mother is an art teacher at NNP comprehensive high school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS against NNP 's idea , also believe that he lacked the scientific evidence to support his claims .	1	8	VBP	believe	believes
the diameter of an JJ NN is about 2000 NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
strong object - the article needs NN , VBG and NN , not to mention all the wp guidelines mentioned above .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
his NN , john watson , notes the physical wound took seven years to VB , but the psychological damage lasted a lifetime .	1	6	VBZ	notes	note
NNS with whom she has been featured include northeastern pennsylvania philharmonic , NNP has also served as a frequent competition NN and master class presenter .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
also note the supposed cover image looks too much like a JJ NN of a game .	5	6	VBZ	looks	look
by comparison , table salt is nearly 10 times more toxic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
because it is still a new field , JJ data on the benefits of demand NN is not widely available , although NNS offer case studies of early NNS which claim rapid return on investment , especially in the NN of the timing and level of price NNS .	22	23	VBP	offer	offers
as marcus learns more about the teaching of jesus , or the way , as the NNS call it , he becomes a NN , and NNS to be a part of the kingdom of god .	16	17	VBP	call	calls
the merits of his edits , or the merits of the edits of other editors , or the conduct of other editors are all irrelevant for the purpose of determining whether NNP violated the editing restriction or not .	1	22	VBP	are	is
such powers include the ability to run faster , fly , burst through walls , or send out a NN wave .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
while her relationship with NNP is a bit RB , she VBZ to raise her son alongside the former priest .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
my current focus is on NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( event ) - NNS ( 20 NNS shows for 15 seconds each ) are on a given topic .	5	15	VBP	are	is
students who want to pursue an education past the ( JJ ) cycle NN enter the four-year college from CD .	0	14	VBP	enter	enters
the battle is an extreme clash between the overly dependent NNP and the highly independent NNP , which the latter even states as such .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because t contains at least one element , and that element contains at least 0 , the union i contains at least 0 and is not empty .	10	11	VBZ	contains	contain
the unfortunate thing is that CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
among the NNP , the most prominent case of JJ NN is that of charles ii of spain , who had VBN so pronounced he could neither speak clearly nor VBP as a result of generations of politically motivated NN .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
however , the building is still in use as a school and was used by NNP primary until their new school was completed in early 2008 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these articles appear to have been created as NNS of national NNP league .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the focus is also on building a strong , healthy physical body through plenty of outdoor play , JJ NN , daily movement in circle time with songs , verses and games , and organic food served daily .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as soon as i click on them i get NN of normal display , before the screen goes blank .	16	17	VBZ	goes	go
leaf NN NNS are sensitive enough to VB to the fungi 's reaction to different plant material , apparently VBG chemical signals from the NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this show contains interviews and features on all sports from within the region .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
parker was RB a NN , and his published works are chiefly NNS and NNS .	9	10	VBP	are	is
an opinion given at an afd contrary to policy is likely to have little weight , even if lots of people make it .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the company claims to have one of the JJS cloud product NNS for businesses , covering hosted software applications ( NN ) , VBN infrastructure ( JJ ) and unified communications solutions as well as professional services to VB and VB solutions for customers .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the main city is the mining industry , while also playing - especially in the incorporated villages - agriculture and livestock play an important role .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as you yourself said the project is not well-known yet it has not yet hit the wp notability threshold .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN heads over us 130 , with a NN from the JJ direction of that route , before continuing west and merging with the NN to us 30 NN from the center of the circle .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
permanent snow can be found across the district from about october and the area generally receives up to of snow per year .	13	15	VBZ	receives	receive
both these claims to notability are sourced .	2	5	VBP	are	is
as the wikipedia community VBZ , it is a sad but JJ fact that our members will be lost .	3	4	VBZ	matures	mature
the nature of NNP is an exploration of practical NN by robert NNP published in 1993 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this is done when the facility does research on dangerous NNS like NN .	5	6	VBZ	does	do
too often on wikipedia , one editor VBZ another editor of having an agenda just because the other editor NNS with the first .	6	7	VBZ	accuses	accuse
the lights also guide the cruise boats .	1	3	VBP	guide	guides
however , when that same NNP is VBN into another NNP system , or a dedicated host becomes available , it may become a slave .	16	17	VBZ	becomes	become
the two split when NNP learns that NNP VBD with NNP and begin divorce proceedings .	2	5	VBZ	learns	learn
studies show that organic waste from fish farms significantly reduces live NN and that VBP NN has VBN and long lasting impacts .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
its surface is RB smooth and mix with blind NNS and NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP airport is fifteen minutes drive from the village .	4	5	VBP	drive	drives
the population consists of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP test requires that data be ordered along a known JJ variable .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
its elevation reaches 5 , CD feet ( 1 , CD m ) and is split along the eastern continental divide , generating NN streams for the NNP , NNP , and north NNP rivers .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach
i just meant that if the NNS for vfd are so high that the other article can survive , this is easily old enough and established enough to do so .	6	9	VBP	are	is
women generally wear the JJ NN and with the JJ NNP girls and women take NN ( `` NNP '' in local language .	0	2	VBP	wear	wears
at some point , that deletion has to come if citations are not added .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
while wiki is not paper i think there still needs to be a threshold .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many people oppose NNP reforms because they VBP the proposed outcomes .	1	2	VBP	oppose	opposes
the park encompasses the NNP NNP , which VBZ along the NNP river from a u .	1	2	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
the leader of this party is helen NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP of allmusic wrote that the song is `` [ a ] NN , classic JJ adult contemporary ballad , with JJ lyrics and a sea of VBG vocals .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP found that people are constantly confronted with thoughts and some of the memories are too JJ , so people become VBN .	19	20	VBP	become	becomes
the `` NN '' keeps the NNP from moving RB in flight and the `` brake '' , when left on , is the cause of the ( de ) NN noise .	15	22	VBZ	is	are
in search of a new car , the player picks door 1 .	8	9	VBZ	picks	pick
these organisations are the NNS of the associations founded in the 19th and early 20th centuries .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ cone VBZ the sound to the base of this tall flame , just above the NN .	2	3	VBZ	directs	direct
the kitchen , with a small NN , is in the rear .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
he attended meetings of the council until CD , after which his name VBZ from the records .	12	13	VBZ	disappears	disappear
the effect of NNP on NN NN is JJ of NNP 's VBG power .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the flight of these NN is characteristic and some genera ( i .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the holdings in mexican NNS are especially rich .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as the snail grows , so does its calcium NN shell .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow
a NN freed from a bottle grants a couple four wishes , warning that every wish has consequences .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
your JJ response to me shows you are not of a proper NN level to hold this position .	2	5	VBZ	shows	show
the most common type of trust here is one resulting from NN ; where somebody in a JJ office makes JJ profit , that money will be held on constructive trust for the NNS of his office .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the unit also incorporates a JJ former class CD CD driving motor vehicle , which is now an intermediate trailer .	1	3	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the competition usually runs from NN to early september .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
this battle occurs while filming a reality television show .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
a southern part of NNP is in NNP township .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in reality , the NNS are determined well in advance in all three NNS of the show , which is not to say that the NNS have no influence on the selection of their opponent .	25	26	VBP	have	has
his NNP is a classic work , and most VBP teachers maintain that all the logical issues raised by the NN school of NNP have been sufficiently answered by NNP .	10	11	VBP	maintain	maintains
i believe this article about one of the arguably most significant and complex naval battles of world war ii is ready for consideration for NNP status .	3	19	VBZ	is	are
the group features songwriter and prolific disco producer NNP NNP , stuart NNP , and russell patterson .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the whole plant is toxic in moderate NNS as it contains a range of JJ NNS but there are numerous JJ uses when used at the correct NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN of some is at the expense of the NN of others , and competition becomes NN .	15	16	VBZ	becomes	become
the ending theme for episode 14 is `` NNP ga NNP NNP '' by NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the agreement is a third generation one , not limited to VBG trade , but includes issues such as investment , services , government NNS , regulations to fight unfair competition , and intellectual property rights .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples of JJ devices include NNS , and firearms with a bore over one half of an inch , including some JJ NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
although the NNS are certainly more expensive , the premium price is often not fully JJ , with reasons more in the marketing area than in the actual raw material cost .	2	3	VBP	are	is
many new world NNS are small and almost all are JJ , so knowledge of them is less comprehensive than that of the more easily observed old world NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the boundaries of NNP NNP are NNP NN to the east , NNP to the west , and NNP NNP to the north .	1	5	VBP	are	is
i guess my delete rationale is that articles like this are effectively JJ , once you VBP material that is or could be in the album article , and also that they can inherently never be developed beyond stubs .	7	10	VBP	are	is
the region has a tradition of many years .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the route VBZ before leaving NNP and then NNS and between NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	intersects	intersect
another theory for the emergence and growth of the novel of NNS is that the changes taking place in english society were VBG the class boundaries .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the line also has a JJ engine and stock storage shed .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
this article only depicts the facts about NN .	1	3	VBZ	depicts	depict
google scholar has more citations than NNP and web of science but the smaller citation collections tend to be more accurate .	15	16	VBP	tend	tends
the school is on maryland route 54 , east of maryland route NNP and just north of u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ event NN VBZ the NNP continuously , but only saves the data when the NN VBZ it .	3	4	VBZ	monitors	monitor
his girlfriend is fellow JJ nicole NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the NNS , the producers generally follow and expand upon plot concepts presented in the anime and manga .	5	7	VBP	follow	follows
the signal operates for however long the driver holds the NN NN towards the left or right turn signal NN .	7	8	VBZ	holds	hold
round of CD this round there is no NN .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
passage is innocent so long as it is not JJ to the peace , good order or security of the coastal state .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
my preferences are occasionally RBS ' , even when i 'm logged in .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this book is full of sketches .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other entities VBN by NNS include NNP , NNP , and NNP , and NNP often receives the worship of those NNS who have VBN evil .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
i do not know if this guy is still alive or not .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the original album remains JJ on cd , but has been VBN as a series of three 10 '' records .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
this highlights the difficulty with the word contemporary when defining photographic expression , as some feel this term is not sufficiently defined .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
to achieve this , the college offers more than 40 programs in technical and JJ fields .	5	6	VBZ	offers	offer
its natural habitats are JJ forests , NN forests , and rivers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
parking is available for visitors , and signs direct vehicles to the centre from the great western highway .	7	8	VBP	direct	directs
another goal of the work is to set each composer 's work in its historical and cultural background , describing the forms of composition that served as a musical background for a composer in his JJ years and then VBG his contributions .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the nearest capital city is brisbane NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
clip shows are among the least notable episodes of any series , including the simpsons .	1	2	VBP	are	is
deleted articles with JJ titles some of those categories are JJ !	1	9	VBP	are	is
its key signature has six NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the difference is that NNP makes use of previous match information that the NN algorithm does not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this article is RB or , but the name is a JJ search term - it should be redirected to one of our existing articles on this subject .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
rural NNP service ( NNP ) provides basic , analog communications service between locations deemed so remote that traditional JJ service or service by other means is not JJ .	20	26	VBZ	is	are
either a manual ring , or an electronic motor controls the angle of the NN leaves and thus the size of the opening .	3	9	VBZ	controls	control
police forces use combat rounds and VB gas to VB a NN , deaths are confirmed , but their number is unknown .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the thunder bay river VBZ the southern portion of the township , while NNS of the black river VBP the northern portion .	13	18	VBP	drain	drains
the main purpose of the establishment of the NNP agreement is the abolition of physical borders among european countries .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
three little NNP and NNP is one of several NNP shorts in which a NN spring manages to become attached to a NNP ' NN .	15	16	VBZ	manages	manage
the club takes its nickname , `` the NNP '' , from an english religious group that left plymouth for the new world in CD .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
at the end , the duo VBZ away , and the house appears to have VBN out , and the pages on the calendar that was VBG throughout the video are all gone .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
members vote to elect the chairman and other official positions of the board ( secretary general , financial secretary , etc .	0	1	VBP	vote	votes
keep fighter NNS are inherently notable ; also per i , NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
after each automatic landing - that has to be performed once in a month - the aircraft needs heavier maintenance than after a human landing .	16	17	VBZ	needs	need
american jews can not be used because according to NNP the person has to self identify .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
the highway then enters the county seat of NNP county , NNP , where it has an interchange with interstate 40 at exit CD .	1	3	VBZ	enters	enter
the images seem ok to me , VBP NNP 0 .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
april 2007 ( utc ) this category has obvious problems .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
article creator appears to be JJ account who has only made edits to this article and to the spring valley , new york article ( adding NNP NNP as a famous celebrity ) .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the NNS have , over time , created NNS and caves , which are famous throughout kosovo .	1	2	VBP	have	has
reviews also appear in NNP , a NNP award winning publication .	0	2	VBP	appear	appears
another good spot to suggest an article is on the talk page of a wikiproject related to the topic .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
however , these NNS are eventually toxic to the NN , some more so than others .	3	4	VBP	are	is
currently , the JJ JJ service comprises two trains per hour in each direction .	5	6	VBZ	comprises	comprise
perhaps the most well known geological feature in this park is the NNP falls .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the trees bear clusters of small JJ JJ flowers in july .	1	2	VBP	bear	bears
according to NNP , charity is an absolute requirement for happiness , which he holds as man 's last goal .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
leading telecommunications companies in the philippines such as philippine long distance telephone company ( NNP ) , globe NNP , smart communications and sun cellular are available in the city .	2	25	VBP	are	is
all the parties , including NNP , are welcome to participate at the NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the other images are RB in the public domain or appropriately licensed .	2	3	VBP	are	is
eventually small bright flowers appear if the plant is allowed to develop .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears
privy councillors but now hold no ministry .	1	4	VBP	hold	holds
a NN full of bodies is visible in the background .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other drugs among NN NNS include [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] and [ [ NN ] ] .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
this area is the JJS in the uk for rail freight with a choice of specialist NNS serving destinations across the country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's members bring more than 8 million visitors to the united states each year .	2	3	VBP	bring	brings
the difference between the two types presented by NNP NNP is that JJ cultivation will in most cases provide a child with skills and advantages over natural growth children in the classroom and eventually in their careers .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
there are no real points of conflict to speak of ; there are only a small population of religious advocates and a small population of NN advocates VBG across each other about topics neither group VBZ properly .	34	35	VBZ	understands	understand
the game has an original story written by the NNP iron man VBD matt fraction .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his father is a marketing NN and his mother is a corporate documentary producer .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the piece comprises CD bars , but the single orchestral NN occupies only eight .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the NN damage is simply too great , as big a pain in the NN as the editor in question is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
flag NNS include commanding officer , naval inventory control point ; vice director for logistics , the joint staff ; director , strategy , policy , programs and logistics , u .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the township contains one cemetery , castle hill .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
for it to be relevant , you would have to intend it to have the ( offensive ) suggestion that being gay is something people choose because they want more sex !	24	25	VBP	choose	chooses
thermal NNS are inherent in the term `` hot spot '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a work is a NN , concrete set of JJ NNS that finds NN through JJ or symbolic expression .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its combined federal campaign ( NNP ) number is CD .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in german the word is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
VBG intelligent trading algorithms , some enhanced index funds create value through trading ( e .	8	9	VBP	create	creates
his special hand allows him to throw the NN , NN and NN very well .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
NNP ) and NNP ( NNP ) , small numbers of jewish , christian , and hindu the population is 25 million , according to u .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
although the majority of the collection uses NN as in her earlier works , terry used coloured NN in the central piece to bring the collection to life .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use
the earliest known reference to walking a red NN in literature is in the play NNP by NNP , written in CD bc .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the example on the right is NNP 's `` professor NNP and the JJ NNP '' , which was later reprinted in the a few book collections , including the NN book NNP NNP 's NNS !	1	5	VBZ	is	are
episode CD ( NNP back in karachi ) these episodes show the daily lives of the characters , including their NNS in the month of NNP .	9	10	VBP	show	shows
the population in 2006 is CD , CD , the density is 1 , CD .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
nearly all programming languages have libraries ( JJ or available ) for processing NNP files and NN files .	3	4	VBP	have	has
one unique benefit of the NNP 's design is that in the event of a challenge to cooling within the core - a pipe break of a channel , the channel can be isolated from the NNS VBG water , VBG the potential for JJ failures .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
their NN announces that dinner is ready .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the institute covers an area of 14 .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP and nba NNP , jerry west , has his number retired and a sign VBZ over seating section 44 with `` jerry west 44 '' written on it .	14	15	VBZ	hangs	hang
on a typical day , more than 60 , 000 passengers pass through washington NNP to and from more than 125 destinations around the world .	10	11	VBP	pass	passes
in field theory , a primitive NN is the minimal NN of a primitive element of the finite extension field NNP ( pm ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the slogan of the store is `` fresh bread '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
one sample NNP is in storage at the computer history museum .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the fields sit behind a woodland in NNP road - close to NNP house .	1	2	VBP	sit	sits
once the previously failed node is alive , the monitoring process starts VBG all changes that have occurred since the time of failure to bring the two NNS back into full NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the new NN includes new building types such as parks , water towers , wind farms , schools , NNS , NN plants , JJ NNS , and power plants .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
since wikipedia does not have the same space limitations as a paper encyclopedia , there is no need to VB content in the same way that a paper encyclopedia does .	28	29	VBZ	does	do
pipes have a diameter of , the wall NN of and a working pressure of .	0	1	VBP	have	has
fast times make milan fastest italian marathon of the year .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
at higher frequencies the static NNP concepts become JJ .	6	7	VBP	become	becomes
as far as we can tell , no free images exist of this - and definitely no new ones can be created .	9	10	VBP	exist	exists
the NN must contain a verb , and the verb requires , permits , or IN other sentence elements to complete the NN .	9	10	VBZ	requires	require
additionally , hits are not a valid replacement for notability or verifiability .	2	3	VBP	are	is
once a bit of NN gets in , more will VB to be included .	2	5	VBZ	gets	get
the article is off to a good start and can easily expand in many directions including lgbt groups like black and white men together and castro for all that have formed to combat racism within the lgbt community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a pressure NN bomb is an JJ explosive device ( NNP ) created by VBG explosive material into a pressure NN and VBG a VBG cap into the cover of the NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the motor in civic hybrid is about a NN ( ) JJR than that of the insight .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
these movements are in effect an active protest against the inactive policies and tactics of the labor and socialist international with which our party is affiliated and are , as well , protests against the VBG NN of so-called `` socialist leaders '' the world over .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the legislative districts of NNP , namely the first and second districts are the representations of the province of NNP in the philippine house of representatives .	11	12	VBP	are	is
cabinet members want judicial NN ; human rights body to file case in a day or two .	1	2	VBP	want	wants
i think your questions are suitable here .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this works because the JJ NN of the disc is JJ , and the JJ NN prevents reflection while the holes in the NN permit it , allowing digital data to be represented .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
in addition to this experience , the theme park is either based on a central theme or divided into several RB VBN areas , or `` lands '' .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
cognitive JJ therapy ( cat ) combines cognitive and JJ approaches and has been adapted for use with individuals with NNP with mixed results .	2	6	VBZ	combines	combine
this template uses the JJ code for the NN or JJ character so that it does n't become interpreted with adjacent NNS ( '' ) or bold ( PRP ) wiki NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the album sees turner - covering songs previously recorded by among others NNP NNP , bob dylan , NNP NNP , james taylor and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	sees	see
his positions are loose forward , stand off and half back .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNS try to VB the player by VBG the video , the player has to figure out which video is the real one .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
the central regions of the JJ NNS on sphere and NN are JJ on the small scale NNS shown here .	2	11	VBP	are	is
this song is a mostly acoustic NN song with electric guitar NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's character is extremely JJ and she never considers nor VBZ about the consequences of anything she says or does .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the institute is JJ with its own security arrangements , JJ store , NN and a NNP to take care of the JJ needs of the residents .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition the prison holds category a NN prisoners VBG trial .	3	4	VBZ	holds	hold
photo sessions are only once a week , and handling by NNS is limited .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the question is whether there is substance for an encyclopedia article on the southern NNPS as they are .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the third message of the NNP is the NN of women .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the large areas of JJ forests provide food and shelter for a whole host of species , while the many NN areas are regarded as some of the most interesting NN habitats in the county .	2	6	VBP	provide	provides
she also writes `` NNP occasionally falls victim to the NN 's greatest vice , the JJ NN , but for the most part her lyrics are direct and personal without being too JJ , and her NNS are JJ and JJ but not too JJ .	25	26	VBP	are	is
and editors want to sell journals , so even in a professional journal , a bit of NN helps .	15	18	VBZ	helps	help
my firm opinion is that we should only use geographical terms , and should avoid political ones , other than referencing issues of national NNS if they are appropriate .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a route also exists around the foot of the cliff south from the NNP , though it is not VBN due to a rock fall risk .	1	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the lake , near the swedish border , is the beginning of the NNP river , a main tributary of the river NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
some of the commercial products are hardware and software NNS , for which the manufacturer supports and releases the software as open source .	14	15	VBZ	supports	support
the NNS - their JJ eyes give them a NN , JJ appearance .	5	6	VBP	give	gives
the goal of these studies is often to seek JJ NNS of VBG and apply them in the hopes of understanding relations to consciousness .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the phrase , according to NNP , refers to some NN of brilliant stars , rising 20 degrees at most above the southern horizon in palestine about the year CD b .	1	7	VBZ	refers	refer
the incident with the money NNS is in all the NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the band 's music on this album has been VBN to lifetime and NNP , marking an `` JJ transition '' from the political lyrics of i is for NNP to the more personal lyrics of some boys got it , most men do n't .	42	43	VBP	Do	Does
it is a NN of the lower portion of a climbing stem ; this stem and its leaves are like those of the first mentioned plant , but the NNS differ from those of n .	29	30	VBP	differ	differs
examples of JJ NNS are hereditary titles of honor or NN , JJ titles of office , NNS of arms , NNP NNP , rights of way , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , etc .	0	4	VBP	are	is
during the morning peak several NNP cross services run fast from new NNP to london bridge .	7	8	VBP	run	runs
the problem is that spa activity is not only about the NNS of the contributions , but also about their NNS , which ca n't be determined through mechanical means .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
powerful states create NNS to serve their security and economic interests ; NNS have no independent power over states , especially great powers ; as such , NNS are simply VBG variables between power , the real independent variable , and cooperation , the dependent variable ) .	12	13	VBP	have	has
the NNP connection seems to be confirmed by the supplement to the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
and maybe a newspaper profile of the middle JJ mentions that he plays on the NNP .	4	12	VBZ	plays	play
the card identifies NNP as `` khan 's lieutenant and most trusted friend .	1	2	VBZ	identifies	identify
life believes that young south NNPS have adequate knowledge about hiv and how to protect themselves .	0	1	VBZ	believes	believe
the third move is black and must be played in the center CD square .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the alternative is to add to the draft , or ask someone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
westminster has over 1500 officers therefore a three JJ number system is too small .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a television system is a term sometimes used in canada to describe a group of television stations which share common ownership , NN , and programming , but which for some reason does not satisfy the criteria necessary for it to be classified as a television network .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ devices normally define a `` safety interval '' , a period of time too short for injury to occur .	1	3	VBP	define	defines
the valley of the river NNP forms its southern border .	1	6	VBZ	forms	form
the definition used for NN NNS assumes that the category c is locally finite , is dual to the above definition , and defines a different object .	9	11	VBZ	is	are
thanks for the message , but really life is too short to go through all the above .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
stephen thomas NNP for allmusic picked `` JJ love '' as one of the four best tracks on NNP and commented that the song has a `` NN NN '' .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
the contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology , and arguably at least the NN , if not the focus of most of the NNS and cultural NNS of today , is political ecology .	2	29	VBZ	is	are
whatever position the NN disc needs to placed at , each blade must change its pitch to effect that change 90 degrees prior to reaching the position that would be necessary for a JJ disc .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
the infant moves back and forth between two different JJ states .	1	2	VBZ	moves	move
people come to believe that kelly is lying because her father is known to be strict in his NNS .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
the group VBZ around the end of `` NNS '' NNP .	1	2	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
each ball corresponds the numbered piece .	1	2	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
NNS tend to take place during the wet season .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
the group continues to welcome guest performances during concerts .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
examples are la NNP de NNP from NNP NNP and NNP , NN NN from NNP NNP .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the high property tax rate is mostly due to texas having no income tax .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 6 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
his family runs a large successful construction company , and has important connections to an underground organization ( VBN to be the mafia ) .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
my thought on why individual people did fight for the south is that they are as varied as there were people .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
support excellent contributor , has a good judgment .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
in order to VB the proper and controlled NN of the fuel , a NN 's most important mission is to VB the fuel rapidly and to VB it RB .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the main story opens at an archaeological dig site a few decades earlier .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open
the space is no longer used for performance but is used by some societies for NN and storage space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the `` open route '' to the normal tourism is CD m long through six `` halls '' with increasing complexity and diversity of the geological formations , from the small NNS hall to the marvel hall .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
first part is to collect enough clay and place it in a NN and is cut to exact measurement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
anyway , the thing is that if this person uploaded one image from this source to wikipedia , there may well be others for which the same copyright conditions apply .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
but his owner eventually falls on hard times and sells the farm , forcing his robots to move on .	2	4	VBZ	falls	fall
the `` NNP '' part stands for cartoon .	4	5	VBZ	stands	stand
then , as the JJ teams realize their time in the villa is coming to an end soon , everyone went out for a little JJ fun .	5	6	VBP	realize	realizes
on the nominator 's talk page i left examples from the lead of why the whole article needs serious NN .	16	17	VBZ	needs	need
batting NNS also provide added protection for the hand in the NN NN when NN and VBG balls .	1	3	VBP	provide	provides
the southern limit of the province is a mountainous area at the limit between the NNP range and the NNP mountains .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the house stands on land adjacent to the NNP minor road in the east of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
if one player takes all the penalty cards on one deal , that player 's score remains JJ while 26 penalty points are added to the scores of each of the other players .	15	16	VBZ	remains	remain
the purpose of the japanese school of detroit is to provide japanese children with opportunities to learn the JJ NN of the japanese education in the japanese language while they stay in the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
battles take place as a JJ match on the device , while capturing creatures is a first person shooter NN .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
the work is thus certainly not in any need of any promotional or publicity effort via wiki .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
support good NNP as long as the NN mentions the wrong direction .	7	8	VBZ	mentions	mention
the NN incorporates themes of forbidden love , NN and revenge , as well as personal sacrifice and NN .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
rename NN into VBG that correctly reflects the content .	1	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the current member of parliament is NNP NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
third , the period is itself named after NNP castle and NNP castle .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his own writing is notable for its use of examples from everyday life .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the NNP capital , NNP , stephen NNP finds out what people think of last weekend 's CD , which exiled president manuel NNP .	12	13	VBP	think	thinks
although at no time owned , the carrier appears to have had some JJ right as NN in a section of road extending from NNP to NNP , NNP .	7	8	VBZ	appears	appear
graduate NNP colours are of good NN strength and flow easily across paper and VBD surfaces .	2	3	VBP	are	is
VBG NNS appear when you VBP them - the plain text of the link is to wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the NN summary VBZ the great deal of controversy that resulted in my being extremely frustrated and leaving fl alone for months .	2	3	VBZ	ignores	ignore
the alliance NN ( , french union ) , or NNP , is an organisation whose mission is to promote french language and culture outside france .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
school staff members have powers to search school students and others ( NNP s .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the leaves are short during flowering , linear NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
actress NNP VBD , `` your voice is absolutely JJ , and i like what you 're wearing today , too , '' referring to her bright red NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the team were managed by dale NNP , his assistant manager is steve NNP , reserve team manager is richard smith and youth team manager mark NNP and first team coach is wayne chapman .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
house members participate in events all through the year in JJ house competitions .	1	2	VBP	participate	participates
the preferred size is the middle of the range for each sex .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although the ride is not actually located in any particular VBN zone , the main portion of track crosses NNP and is therefore included here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ accusation of systematic bias is at best a value judgement .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
several smaller ranges VBP from this axis following a JJ orientation with deep valleys between them .	2	3	VBP	derive	derives
this program , which contains a copy of the data from the table , is run once to save all the data out of the chart into the data file , which is then updated with the latest data every time the bot runs .	42	43	VBZ	runs	run
the university has approximately 27 , 000 students and about 200 foreign students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in 1837 , records show that NNP was listed as a NN in the village of NNP , just a few miles from NNP , also in the county of NNP .	3	4	VBP	show	shows
timeline of chemistry is a featured list that uses this style to good effect .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
that this information exists is a demonstration that this is a notable subject which should have an article .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
a 1995 article in science describes the value of number theory problems in discovering computer bugs and gives the mathematical background and history of NNP 's constant , the problem NNP was working on when he discovered the bug .	2	5	VBZ	describes	describe
again , the lead is a general summary .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these studies cover language , history , archaeology and art .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
this article has every reason to exist .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the team goes by the name of the eagles .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
but the result is a NN that causes me -- and i assume many others -- to simply VB the introduction at least on the first NN , even though that is often all i am NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the phrase then appears as text in both languages , and is spoken RB in the target language .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the behavior of the NNS of NNP national forest is consistent with this pattern .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP - RB , the band members change their alternative names every year or so , so there are several versions out there !	6	7	VBP	change	changes
no , the more major issue is the calling me a `` textbook example of a NN '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a pov fork here is not acceptable and is clearly meant to hide criticism .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the current base covers and is home to many different units and elements of the louisiana army national guard .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
i believe this question is worth asking , because a solution would be of widespread interest and NN in ordinary web programming , such as user NN , secure form data transmission without the overhead of NNP , etc .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the server sends a challenge to which it knows the correct response because it possesses a copy of the private key ; the device proves it possesses a copy of the same key by providing the same response .	1	2	VBZ	sends	send
due to growing knowledge i have to admit now that the article is notable ( but could have some improvement and sourcing ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
but wiki is definitely not the place for it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another external influence on second life is the JJ nature of second life residents .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
employees engaged in the same general business are fellow servants , though they are in different departments of work .	0	7	VBP	are	is
while this page VBZ in notes about how corrupt egypt 's system is , it fails to even have a section on the party 's ideology - something even JJ parties like the communist party of china include .	30	37	VBP	include	includes
many historians agree that a copy of the NNP was possessed by martin luther .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
this JJ burial site is an JJ sand NN , from which more than thirty well preserved NNS have been VBN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in this area , the road passes homes .	5	6	VBZ	passes	pass
an interesting JJ relationship exists between JJ diseases and JJ diseases .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
with that said , i am not sure if his idea is the best , but i do agree that every land VBG tropical cyclone should get an article assuming there is enough info .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the actress NNP is with a film crew on the island .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
this page says that family honda opened in february 2001 .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
other poets mentioned further on in the sections on women poets and irish poetry today ( in the 21st century ) deserve a prominence equal to the poets mentioned here .	1	21	VBP	deserve	deserves
with the red circles on her NN , RB hair , large NN and thin NN , the JJ NNP appears to be a cross between NNP ann and NNP NNP .	9	20	VBZ	appears	appear
if you want to work on dead electric NNS safely , the most important thing is to make sure they 're dead .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
standard curves are most commonly used to determine the concentration of a substance such as protein or dna .	1	2	VBP	are	is
all NN techniques are effective at removing noise in smooth NNS or smooth regions of a signal , but RB affect edges .	2	3	VBP	are	is
track 1 is a live recording from 1990 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the discussion found that the sources , while spare , are sufficient .	5	10	VBP	are	is
the 1949 royal commission on the press estimates that a typical NN paper sold `` about 5 , 000 '' a day in the 19th century ; the newspaper designer and historian allen NNP suggests `` an average of no more than around 20 , 000 at best '' .	29	34	VBZ	suggests	suggest
as this technology grows and gets more attention , then deletion at a later date may be considered if necessary .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow
not all images on wikipedia are available via commons , but those that are have received additional NN to make sure that they are available for a wide variety of uses , including commercial use .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the NN ion is an JJ species that can act as an acid or as a base , depending on ph of the solution .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
r ; for the JJ NNP this pair varies over a JJ subset of it , which is also called NN group .	7	8	VBZ	varies	vary
the village has a lot of facilities such as clean water from the NNP dam , electricity , mobile phone connection through orange , NNP and NNP wireless .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
many students of history and tourists visit NNP island which is situated approximately northwest of NNP .	1	6	VBP	visit	visits
one view might be that the picture as interpreted is evidence of what it depicts and , since the technology NNS and stores data from the real world , the resulting picture is a definition of what the camera was pointed at , and so JJ .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
harmony '' is NNP NNP 's debut single , which served as the theme for tv NNP friday night 's drama `` JJ bus guide NNP '' .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS argue that further NN and subsequent NN will destroy the ritual landscape completely .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
the point is that the NNP is a valid field of study ( i did a couple of classes on it in college ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
starring juan diego NNP and NNP NNP , the film is an adaptation of josé angel NNP eponymous novel .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
RB JJ techniques are in use throughout the full range of surgical care , from JJ surgery to VB JJ techniques to NNP JJ surgery for NN and JJ surgery .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the size of the NNS is different too , as one is small and one is larger .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the programs are highly selective and include a broad variety of media , cultures , and ages .	1	2	VBP	are	is
such a template gives an air of NN and approval to a NN that has neither .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
nothing in the article indicates that this game is itself notable outside of being a game .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
so his demise must have been after that date , if the record is accurate .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the console has a number of internal features made available from its hardware and NN components .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
because the search window is small , far to the right and JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his NNS are in the north of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this added risk enables other players to VB or to win a considerable pot when proving that they were n't VBG .	2	3	VBZ	enables	enable
with the highest point of four metres above sea level , the threat of severe NNS is extremely JJ , and severe water NNS will further VB the NNS of people in many islands .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
potentially eligible NNS in march CD numbers following the names indicate descent and JJ NN from nicholas i of russia .	9	10	VBP	indicate	indicates
while tourism is significant in the region , especially further south in the gulf shores area , the principal business along the eastern shore is retail .	19	24	VBZ	is	are
the village has some JJ NN temples .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
nearby in the direction of NNP , the landscape resembles that of the moon , especially in the steps of the `` glacier '' and `` arrow '' , the conditions and light constantly changing .	8	9	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the hook mate involves the use of a white NN , knight , and NN along with one black NN to limit the black king 's escape .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
for very low mass stars , molecules in the atmosphere also contribute to the NN .	6	11	VBP	contribute	contributes
a second common cause of JJ NNS is when the NN places his finger on the trigger before he has decided to shoot .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
links to another processor unit are over copper cables .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the NN bush coral ( NNP NNP ) is a u .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
original author claims notability , but has not provided sources requested by editor who removed prod .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
native american nation named NNP VBZ through NN and , apparent , ethnic NN of the white population of far western texas and southeastern new mexico .	2	5	VBZ	emerges	emerge
the research team says that NNP works by blocking the activity of a gene called NNP , which is believed to be responsible for a process called NN , which is the aggressive spread of cancer cells away from the original NN site .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
another popular method of VBG is to assault a NN while riding by on a NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
a confrontation of the views usually produces the best results in terms of article quality .	1	6	VBZ	produces	produce
taken as a whole , we believe our new seal is a JJ NN for the spirit of a landmark education .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
most large NN irrigation systems employ some type of filter to prevent NN of the small NN flow path by small NN particles .	4	5	VBP	employ	employs
this tour starts in NNP and includes NNP , NNP , la villa , el NNP , la NNP , and la plaza .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
this page only has four references .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
believing that all people deserve accessible , quality healthcare , NNP supports global social responsibility by VBG with relief and development organizations such as direct relief international to VB healthcare equipment to developing countries .	3	4	VBP	deserve	deserves
the episode features the characters from NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
once the article is clearly ready to fac ( if said so by other editors ) , then you should nominate .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school offers a graduate program with a NN in food and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the wing employs a NNP JJ NN at the wing root , changing to a NNP JJ section at the wing tip .	1	2	VBZ	employs	employ
the flight time is may to july .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
across NNP square and NNP NNP the NN moves towards the jewish shops .	7	8	VBZ	moves	move
this can still be a very good article , but to be featured it will have to wait until official biographies allow the corners to be VBN out , imo .	20	21	VBP	allow	allows
enrollment periods to the dictionary and the criteria of acceptance are JJ .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the red trail is technical in places and requires a high level of fitness and technical NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the show consists of two celebrity NN discussing news that 's currently VBG or has been during the week in addition to live performances and special events .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this category includes constituencies created for the united kingdom house of commons used by irish republicans to elect the first NNP and those created for the house of commons of northern ireland which was used by republicans as an election to the second NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the combination uses different NNS than the ones used in the city names .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
blogs are hardly the place to be looking for notability .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the story also features the NNS alexander `` NNP '' twist and `` NNP '' and `` NNP '' NNP , who had earlier appeared in sam the sudden ( 1925 ) and money for nothing ( 1928 ) .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
as an example , canada 's only known JJ NNS exist in ontario .	9	10	VBP	exist	exists
individual NNS tend to generate response rates that differ based upon how the NN schedule is created .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
first used by french colonists to distinguish themselves from JJ and later JJ settlers , colonial documents show the term `` NNP '' was used to refer to white people , black people including slaves , and JJ people .	16	17	VBP	show	shows
the automatic NNP setting will lock focus on a still subject , but will switch to continuous NNP mode if the subject moves .	21	22	VBZ	moves	move
this protein is an RB active form of the enzyme protein NN c ( NNP ) , known as NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
high-speed trains use JJ door design because it is VBN , NN and makes a smooth outer surface of a car body which reduces air drag .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
some people exhibit type iv NN to metals , see NNP test .	1	2	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
the seat of the archbishop is holy family cathedral in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the video then VBZ back to NNP playing NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	switches	switch
coverage NNS still remain , particularly in rural areas .	1	3	VBP	remain	remains
also , although more JJ functions would help , a little , the reality seems to be that a JJ limit of 40 is just too RB , to handle all the options needed for a JJ application .	20	23	VBZ	is	are
second chance '' is NNP 's biggest hit to date , being their first single to reach the top 10 on billboard 's hot 100 , where it reached no .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the key steps in problem solving are problem analysis and solution generation .	2	6	VBP	are	is
ships of the united states navy fly the VBG NN from the moment of VBG until the VBG ceremony .	0	6	VBP	fly	flies
i was wondering what the opinion is of these websites .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
actually , the very fact the content of these sources is JJ tends to make them unreliable per our standards .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
these NNS and the potential `` VBG '' of bank runs are the issues which policy makers consider when addressing the issue of protecting a system against JJ risk .	16	17	VBP	consider	considers
of these , white NNS appear to be the most common , although still very rare .	4	5	VBP	appear	appears
that season , he was involved in one of the rare dead heat modified feature wins along with fellow future nascar racer NNP scott .	14	15	VBZ	wins	win
fair use in no presents for NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the suburb is next to the williams landing railway station , just across from the princes freeway and for residents of point cook it is accessed via NNP road .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other NNS used in crown NNS include NN RB , NN NN , NN NN , NN and NN NN .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
this small plant is native to australia and new zealand , but it is known in other areas of the world as a common NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
obama thing was whatever the case is because we already had obama when he was JJ nominee .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
their uniforms are very light blue with shoulder NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the standard empty weight of the NNP is .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the last episode takes place on a space station VBN by the sun creatures .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the advantage of the last method is that no changes are made to the compiled program to provide the JJ and there is almost unlimited scope for extensive NNS since the tool can VB the host system NNS with additional software VBG features .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the death toll from the haiti NN outbreak rises to 500 .	2	8	VBZ	rises	rise
the company specializes in mobile advertising campaign NN .	1	2	VBZ	specializes	specialize
as of 2007 , it has a circulation of around 75 , 000 homes , which the magazine VBZ to grow to nearly 100 , 000 in 2008 due to a list update .	17	18	VBZ	expects	expect
NN NNS also prevent each NN from VBG over the one below .	1	3	VBP	prevent	prevents
a component of the high schools program is the high school climate challenge ( NNP ) the NNP and clean air champions ( NNP ) are partners in the high school climate challenge ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the collection labels are very detailed and include not only the common english name , but the latin NN name as well as the family name ( common and latin ) as well as the natural distribution .	2	3	VBP	are	is
no problems here , question answers are all good .	1	6	VBP	are	is
a unique aspect of this line is the JJ anchor NN , which stands on JJ feet of concrete in the artificial lake of santa maria , canton NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
comment , the choice of links is inherently pov .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
a third variation of the prince appears in the NN game prince of NNP ( 2008 ) .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear
i VBP , probably the main reason is that it just feels NN , if that makes any sense at all .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
regular NNS are a NN of the linear NNS and describe the regular languages , i .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN does contain a very minimal version of some of the c standard library for use by NNS code only ( which bears only a passing resemblance to NNP ) .	19	23	VBZ	bears	bear
the club 's official colors are black and white .	4	5	VBP	are	is
c ) and the NNP reaction VBZ only a NN and not NNS as with empty NNS .	5	6	VBZ	yields	yield
in a presidential system , the central principle is that the legislative and executive branches of government should be separate .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP societies range from those who wish to experience the real world of normal time and space to the wholly JJ who live their entire lives in JJ , isolated NN .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the town is near where lower arrow lake and NNP creek meet .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are the size of index cards and have nothing on them except JJ grave numbers VBN in black .	1	2	VBP	are	is
subject of article is not inherently notable , but is the ancestor of notable people .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the temple dates from the 13th century ad .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
the plant is high and wide , the flowers NN from july to august , and are NNS coloured with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when playing with two or more players control is shared ; one player chooses the attack while all others attempt to move their NN to the center of the targeted area .	12	13	VBZ	chooses	choose
another term used for NN in the NNP tradition is , the `` JJ '' NN by which a qualified NN `` NNS '' a NN for worship .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
RB NNP states that the tone of the passage towards christians is far too negative to have been authored by a christian NN .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
the mill still runs to this day and services local farmers .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run
the difference is in my perspective .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP empire from the observer said that the album is `` a lot more RB VBN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
competition for land and resources within cities eventually leads to separation of urban space into zones with the more desirable zones VBG higher rent .	0	8	VBZ	leads	lead
NNP created the JJ NN style , for the exclusive use of which for many years he obtained a patent , though the honour of the invention is more probably due to his NN , francesco NNP , than to him .	23	27	VBZ	is	are
each riding has two municipal wards .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its individual exhibitions focus on contemporary art , especially spanish artists , of which the museum includes a solid permanent collection , as well as educational activities and a documentation centre .	15	16	VBZ	includes	include
the route enters NNP and passes to the east of the NNP county park .	1	2	VBZ	enters	enter
singers use the songs of power to VB , VB and VB those around them .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
other disciplines that make up NNS include philosophy and economics .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the NN around NNP is part of NNP heritage coast , a protected area running from NNP NNS to NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS from NNP species are mainly in south america , southern and central europe , africa and the middle east .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNP , and both businesses are still in business today .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the municipalities of iceland are local administrative areas in iceland that provide a number of services to their inhabitants such as NNS , elementary schools , waste management , social services , public housing , public transportation , services to senior citizens and VBD people .	1	4	VBP	are	is
a romantic relationship develops between jay and NNP when they share their stories of how they see each other .	2	3	VBZ	develops	develop
the company , electronic theatre controls ( etc ) , now has over CD employees worldwide and NNS over half of the theater lighting equipment in the united states .	1	11	VBZ	has	have
comment the books published by three rooms press are available internationally .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the player has no NNS and has no outside coverage by reliable third-party sources .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other contests include VBG , JJ contests ( discontinued ) , art , slogan , coffee wars ( not currently running ) , NN hunt and capture the flag .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP city is the district head quarters for the NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
have a few of my own - roberts is one of the best NNS of ( broadly speaking ) arabia in the 19th century , so pretty much all his work is worth featuring .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's core depot is the former NNP facility at NNP heath in the west midlands , which it began using in 2009 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the two primary purposes of evolution of NNP are the NN and the liberation of NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is
these factors mean that NNS of the NN are not readily confined to the bone , and readily VB NN and NN into the surrounding soft NNS and the NN air NNS .	1	2	VBP	mean	means
NNP 's schools include NNP primary [ NNP ] , NNP college [ catholic , JJ ] and holy family primary school [ catholic , NNP ] .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the electronic shift transfer case has a new ratio NN set and chain .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
against hurricane winds and going on full steam all the time , the boat runs out of fuel after a few days .	13	14	VBZ	runs	run
his animal representation is an NN , and his climate is the JJ continental regions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the irish form of the name is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the deleted article in question is actually at the secret history of christianity .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
boom '' is the title of a song by american rock band p .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ NN helps with getting started .	2	3	VBZ	helps	help
the 34 unique search hits do nothing to VB notability .	4	5	VBP	do	does
another thing that might start looking the same is small crescent planets next to VB stars in images that are almost entirely black .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the album VBZ with NNP ' , a song which metal hammer reviewer NNP NNP cites as showing NNP and NNP NNP influences .	1	2	VBZ	closes	close
indeed , you are right that my opinion on this matter appears to not be the consensus opinion .	7	11	VBZ	appears	appear
this process follows the space filling NNP curve .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the building holds offices of the hawaii state department of commerce and consumer affairs .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
NNS VBP that NN prices are the dominant driver of the australian dollar , and this means changes in exchange rates of the australian dollar occur in ways opposite to many other NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP specification , NNP is the only implementation that supports them .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the lead here says the river is about 44 miles long .	1	3	VBZ	says	say
the image is from the historically significant debut issue of the series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , NNP testing NNS normal or high levels of NNP in the blood , VBG that the problem is not due to a NN of NNP but rather to a reduced NN to its action .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
user is a new NN whose only contributions so far are on this page .	7	10	VBP	are	is
NNP 's model involves an assumption that investors make systematic mistakes .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
however , this factory is also no longer industrial , serving today as a large hardware store .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
tools inserted in to the well for both NN and logging efforts , NNS and NNS are very similar devices .	0	16	VBP	are	is
NN , where the largest block in a group decides , even if it falls short of a majority .	5	9	VBZ	decides	decide
in the medical setting , the most important groups are the JJ NN s .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the limitations are JJ because they avoid the NNS and plot NNS of the other approaches .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the article uses a lot of NN , which may be an issue for some .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
it is not clear whether the NNS of NNP 's campaign contributions will be added as NNS to any of the NNS as the various funds seek JJ entities from which to recover their initial investments .	25	26	VBP	seek	seeks
however , in the end the label is a value judgment .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
one article is enough to cover this theme .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this guy is all over the place regarding his ips , so NNS might not be JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP celebrations are similar all across north india .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a master of NNP is highly beneficial for those that need an JJ understanding of the law within current executive level positions .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
for this reason , the topic is vital to our understanding of molecular biology .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
these last two novels feature the adventures of a 1930s era VBN RB dubbed the NNP and were inspired by the NN magazine heroes of the past .	3	4	VBP	feature	features
his partner is novelist julie NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their songs largely deal with philosophical topics , including science , religion , and world events .	1	3	VBP	deal	deals
the show 's story VBZ around the two lovers and the reality that neither of them may ever be complete without one another .	3	4	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the area of realm of light is 100 000 square kilometers , it is in other words approximately the size of iceland .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
its power is almost identical to the .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
scott fitzgerald 's first novel , this side of paradise , in which the protagonist , NNP NNP , argues for socialism to the father of a college friend , who RB VBZ the JJ ideal .	14	19	VBZ	argues	argue
NN that his current project is a film called conflict of interest .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the principle behind this encyclopedia is that anything at all can be discussed RB , and the existence of disputes is not reason for us to abandon it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the advantage to VBG only to the executed is that those cases have proved JJ and JJ enough for the state to go forward with the sentence of death .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP is a balanced NN whose throws are effective .	6	7	VBP	are	is
article is primarily JJ , and the topic itself is non-notable outside the NNP series .	7	9	VBZ	is	are
also , given any two sets x and y and the usual JJ definition of the ordered pair , the ordered pair ( x , y ) exists and is a set .	13	27	VBZ	exists	exist
this is only possible when the NN has full title of the security , so it can not be used as NN for margin buying .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
its range extends from the east coast of africa to fiji and japan , the east coast of australia and new NNP .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
its 71 members meet six times a year .	2	3	VBP	meet	meets
his diplomatic career includes various posts at headquarters in NNP and in pakistan missions abroad .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
endorse JJ and rational arguments are neither equal nor comparable to vote counting .	4	5	VBP	are	is
according to fox news , in august 2001 , israel warned the us that an JJ attack is JJ .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNS seem focused on the google notability of the term , but the article is n't about the term but the phenomenon , which RB exists .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
many NN networks operate across multiple radio bands .	2	3	VBP	operate	operates
the author VBZ in restoring the content .	1	2	VBZ	persists	persist
an alternative account is given in a maya chronicle from the colonial era , claiming that NNP was contemporary with NNP and NNP and allied with those cities , but JJ evidence shows this version to be less likely .	31	32	VBZ	shows	show
you case is obvious , you are russian and biased in the terms of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
granted , more sources are needed and the content needs a cleanup , but i think it should stay .	8	9	VBZ	needs	need
the island is home to a variety of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
considering that members of the us congress and their NNS do the same thing , i doubt it .	2	10	VBP	do	does
weak keep precedent seems to be mostly having articles only for winners , but i think given how famous and widely watched this show is , we can make an exception .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP acids have the property that two molecules will VB to each other to form a double NN only if the two sequences are JJ , that is , they can form matching sequences of base pairs .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the freeway bears the symbol and forms part of NNP 5 .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
the citizens of davidson , NNP attend the NNP schools .	1	6	VBP	attend	attends
according to the NNS of NNP , traditional religions need to be VBN and reformed deeply .	8	9	VBP	need	needs
on a related note , indefinite protection of articles that may RB reach the level where the above is necessary is always JJ .	6	20	VBZ	is	are
our article suggests that the value for average energy content for CD ( which is the standard used in NNP in addition to serving ) is CD .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
politically NNP was aligned with NNP regime of the republic of china on taiwan ; indeed the company NN of the NNP is a NN NN , the national flower of the republic of china .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
the company also has an air NN and heating division headquartered in phoenix , arizona .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
joseph `` joe '' NNP ( born 1965 ) is an american NN whose songs , NN with JJ bassist mike gordon , include the title track from NNP 's round room and train song from billy NNP .	14	23	VBP	include	includes
the language of NNP , is close to classical with words and compounds drawn from sanskrit , NNP NNP , arabic and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the french government VBZ NNS to the owners of the best NNS , a program more important to the NNP than to other draft breeds because of the significant possibility of extinction .	2	3	VBZ	distributes	distribute
this NN probably stems from NNP 's studies on women in the bible .	1	3	VBZ	stems	stem
the inability to see the bigger picture is to be expected when you first get your hands on an automated editing tool of any type .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
discussion of an article belongs in talk or wikipedia space and not in the article itself .	0	4	VBZ	belongs	belong
NNP sports teams use the name `` panthers '' - the previous `` NNS '' name was dropped due to its perceived NN .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
death to the world is an eastern orthodox NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the authors answer to VB editors .	1	2	VBP	answer	answers
part of p is the secure sketch , but by definition the sketch reveals JJ information about its input .	12	13	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the forest is the source for NNP river , which flows west to the forest and for NNP river which flows east to the forest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these leagues are mostly independent of each other , and the division rankings can not be RB compared between state or local organizations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
all three sources agree that NNP had been RB beaten and attacked with a VBN weapon ; but , most importantly , there were NNS regarding the number and NN of NNS used .	2	3	VBP	agree	agrees
the canton of NNP is an administrative division in southeastern france .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
remember that the result of a long division problem is a NN and a remainder .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the appearance of confusion is also VBN in this instance , where the proposed result appears to favor VBG the NN of the report and does not appear to be supported by any diffs or allegations .	14	15	VBZ	appears	appear
he was seen speaking to producer rick NNP in the studio about the album saying , `` the album is about , like this NN of how do you VB through this whole thing , through success , through failures , through all this and remain yourself .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
their first stop is NNP , one of two capital cities of the kingdom of wisdom .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its founding members are henri NNP , marquis j .	2	3	VBP	are	is
culture ( which is one of the things that makes a country unique ) still has JJ NNS .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the red cross is a symbol for god the son .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two editors think we should describe him as a NN in the great filter .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
a dedicated bus service , the eden NNP , runs from here to the eden project .	3	9	VBZ	runs	run
operated by three companies ( NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP capital do vale ) , these lines serve nearly all areas in the city with CD buses .	18	19	VBP	serve	serves
the only participants who think that this information belongs in the article are a couple of users who have personal NNS to VB against this school .	7	8	VBZ	belongs	belong
the city has of concrete roads , of NNP roads , of JJ NN roads , of JJ roads and of highways .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ population of the NNP nation , as of 2009 , is 6 , 000 people .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the texas tech red raiders are in the big 12 conference , and field 17 teams in 11 different varsity sports .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the topics are clearly the same , so there is no rationale for having a separate article .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the NN calls section there is constant vandalism by people just trying to get there little JJ station at the top .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
figure 2 shows a practical gas laser NN of the type that is used in vehicles .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
along with the NN rate , these factors determine the number of bits per network NN that are available for transmission , which ranges between 96 and 1824 bits , as can be seen in the following table .	7	8	VBP	determine	determines
the play is significant for its critical attitude toward 19th century marriage NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS with low JJ NN are of great interest for materials processing because electrons are so light , compared to atoms and molecules , that energy exchange between the electrons and neutral gas is very JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the seal shows that although NNP underwent NN in the 9th century , the region still continued under byzantine rule , or if not authority , influence .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
however , i do agree that the article needs more info and has to have the non-free image removed .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
the arena also hosts the NNP public a , public b , and private state finals for high school ice hockey .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
the school provides eight dedicated computer labs for its engineering , technology , and video production classes , as well as five additional labs that can be reserved by teachers whose rooms are not equipped with computers .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
parameters of the line shape are unknown .	0	5	VBP	are	is
i 'll keep my fingers crossed that the date ends up changing .	8	9	VBZ	ends	end
thus , this measure uses NNS above the mar in the NN , VBG performance above the mar .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
one factor following the rise of popularity in NNP is the popularity of NN `` NNS '' .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the outer scoring section , at the very end of the table , covers approximately from the edge , and is labeled with the number `` 3 '' in the middle ( for `` 3 points '' ) .	3	13	VBZ	covers	cover
some green NNS operate in pulse or JJ wave ( NNP ) mode , to reduce cooling problems and JJ battery life .	2	3	VBP	operate	operates
the suburb of NNP central is the main business centre in this area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP is required to see if this user , who comes out of nowhere to VB me on an afd , is indeed one of my past NNS .	7	21	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the front part of this magazine is available online for free for anyone to view , but a subscription is required to see the rest of the magazine .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN is far slower ( is `` VBN '' ) if the spin of the NN state is very different from that of the VBG state , particularly if the NN energy is low .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
this content is JJ as the player VBZ the NNP challenge missions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one recurring feature in NNP 's work is the NN of wooden NNS , often in JJ patterns .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
though offshore wind NNS are more expensive to build than RB NNS ( because they tend to be larger and must be VBN to the JJ ) , they also tend to generate more electricity than IN NNS because of their size .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this film is a sound remake of the 1924 silent film madonna of the streets starring NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the variety review is significant coverage , as is the new york cool review , and i do not see these as sites which attempt to RB view every film that they can .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the page seems to be VBN more toward publicity than providing encyclopedic content -- the list of upcoming NNS , for instance , makes this seem entirely promotional in nature .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
a love triangle between he , NNP and taylor VBZ in season two when he begins to grow closer to a JJ taylor .	2	9	VBZ	emerges	emerge
the girls prepare for NNS the following day .	1	2	VBP	prepare	prepares
this type of map is not as JJ as the NNP map but can be produced with less effort and expense .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the article is generally very well written , with minor NNS , but is not up to the level of polish that would be expected at a fac .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the suspected location of the artillery 's ammunition NN is too far away to be attacked by the usual NN raid , so NNP VBZ using trucks abandoned by the NNPS to drive there in NN and blow it up .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
two important areas of NN research are ( 1 ) VBG NN of assessment and therapy to JJ assessment and therapy , and ( 2 ) building new data collection systems to VB information that a NN can use in practice .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the square class always assumes that the width is equal with the height .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the annual festival generally includes a main exhibition at the hong kong city hall , a smaller scale and usually more alternative exhibition in a separate venue , a NN conference , performances , screening programmes and other special events organised each year .	2	4	VBZ	includes	include
the record of contributions for that particular ip address shows that somebody at that address VBD the page - that 's not really going to be considered constructive .	1	9	VBZ	shows	show
soon , a woman named NNP picks them up in a red sports car .	3	6	VBZ	picks	pick
delay is the time to NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
history seems to have caught up with me my contributions .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP returns home and marie RB leads him to the JJ where she has prepared a NN , feeling she has to hang herself again .	2	6	VBZ	leads	lead
as a matter of fact several hundred NNS were in the town what made the visitors feel quite JJ .	15	16	VBP	feel	feels
the `` ferdinand '' building is a JJ , baroque revival structure located in the dudley square area of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
but , he says that religion is not something to be VBN from NNS , but , a personal NN that a spiritual NN uses to connect to god .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN link is JJ spam at best , since it links to a page VBG cds for sale ; if the claim involved is factual and notable , there would surely be a reliable third-party source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
you must think the admins are stupid .	4	5	VBP	are	is
two large NN screens hang to the right and left of the stage , directly in front of the elevated floor sections .	3	4	VBP	hang	hangs
the way of VBG such events is JJ , with each stage being separately described .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
route 82 is a designated scenic road for the length of the east NNP bridge between NNP and east NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the published articles are the work product of his chosen career and not necessarily an indication that he is a significant presence in his field of work .	2	3	VBP	are	is
competition for places is fierce , with usually over CD students applying for the 90 places .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
all NN VBG systems use a light level sensor , a NN , to detect the NN light level , NN or NN , in JJ or JJ systems .	3	4	VBP	use	uses
in other words , we only require a point source which is produced by a NN ( uniform ) JJ wave whose half angle is greater than the edge angle of the lens .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
there is also RB VBG and a ceiling NN , but its main decorative element is the NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the age of consent in NNP is 18 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the album 's title , `` NNP '' is a NN in NNP ( the noun exists , but not the past NN ) .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
in 1999 , NNP shot a commercial for NNP in which tiger woods , without letting the ball touch the ground , repeatedly VBD a ball on his club and then drove it into the distance .	17	18	VBZ	touch	touches
the quality of NNP systems the annual NNP competition is currently one of the most relevant sources of NN ground truth .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the revised version still requires a considerably high level of technical facility on the part of the NN .	2	4	VBZ	requires	require
an introduction for teachers cites the game , as well as oregon trail , NNP , and decisions as `` simulation programs '' which `` provide students with experiences they could not otherwise have by creating a limited model of a particular situation or phenomenon '' .	1	4	VBZ	cites	cite
this site says NNP stands for international police organization in a JJ context .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
two tracks from the NNP yard arrive between the two revenue tracks with NNS and diamond NNS between all four of them before the yard tracks merge is one to form the center track at bedford park boulevard .	24	25	VBZ	tracks	track
while he takes inspiration from the quality of light in the paintings of NNP and NNP , his themes lie more within the NN of NN and JJ art than traditional painting .	18	19	VBP	lie	lie
other investigations of JJ NN examine how people think about JJ alternatives , e .	7	8	VBP	think	thinks
this article is subject to a CD restriction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the mean JJ volume is CD JJ NNS in humans , CD NN in NNS , 400 NN in NNS and CD NN in NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
episodes typically VBP around NNS who may not realize that they have VBN a critical structural issue , couples who disagree on which renovation should be the immediate priority within their renovation budget , or other situations where the NNS ' wants and needs may be in conflict .	0	2	VBP	revolve	revolves
while the number of officers in each NN is VBN continually through NNS , new NNS and NN , the infrastructure of each NN remains essentially the same .	20	24	VBZ	remains	remain
his JJ approach to cases , his JJ NNS and constant NN of suspects is his NN NN .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the third and fourth segments both have long JJ NNS , but the fourth segment 's NNS are scattered and also includes a marginal row of NNS .	4	6	VBP	have	has
NNP 's work , like some of the anime on which it is based , often combines JJ facial features with JJ sexual attributes such as large , JJ NNS .	2	16	VBZ	combines	combine
today the land where NNP landing existed is private but protected by the nature NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
if the sentence works with set ( e .	2	3	VBZ	works	work
i bet NN stores sell this .	3	4	VBP	sell	sells
the NNP gas field is a natural gas field located in the NNP sea .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a NN cat , NNP is also JJ , tough and JJ , frequently VBG with NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the real difficulty in this case is that we do not really know why she was awarded the NNP ; it does not simply go with the job .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
we have enough evidence to suggest notability , and all other complaints with the article are reasons to fix it , and not delete it .	11	15	VBP	are	is
NNP 's homeland of scotland serves as a constant source of entertainment for fletcher who is always on the NN for an opportunity to VB NNP .	2	5	VBZ	serves	serve
please know that i am an american partly of swiss ancestry and am very pleased that our two nations have good relations .	18	19	VBP	have	has
this territory includes all NN code areas in the district of columbia CD , maryland NNP code areas JJ , and virginia NNP areas JJ .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the film is about an alien serial killer , who is sent to earth to live among humans as a form of penalty .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
every thing stated is truth and we should help the good work to be there in this encyclopedia .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
stems and older leaves are red .	0	4	VBP	are	is
parts of the new line run along or below the route of the former NNP line .	0	5	VBP	run	runs
whenever i see an afd that represents what i see as but one part of a small problem , i like to know what the nomination plans to do about the rest of the category .	25	26	VBZ	plans	plan
thomas NNP 's NN , a fact that VBZ the obvious likely date for the play .	6	8	VBZ	yields	yield
a lack of notable sources is not a reason for deletion .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are JJ or nearly so , JJ , JJ and JJ ( covered with NNS and NNS ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the situation for the new way forward , or any other subject matter , is no different .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
JJ side effects generally include NN and NN and NN .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
towns in NNP include NNP and NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the river VBZ in the NNP highlands , a watershed VBN by the iran mountains of east NNP , which form a natural border with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
in the case of planets , each individual planet may not be notable , but the group is .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
most words will be VBN by their respective decade they were coined in ; this category is only to be used directly on an article if the decade the NN was coined is uncertain .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
all NNS use NN NNS , with the lowest block covering a consumption between 5 and 10 JJ meters per month and connection .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the campus is adjacent to a church and a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN is the point in these blue holes where the freshwater meets the NN and where a JJ reaction takes place that VBZ away at the rock .	19	20	VBZ	takes	take
the player takes control of a female NN named nina ( a sister of NNP , the deceased hero of the original NNP ) , who must break into a NN 's NN compound to alter the course of a nuclear JJ missile and then escape .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
good examples of this pistol are still available , however many have been poorly maintained and although most parts are still available from specialist NNS , some are in short supply and restoration is neither NN nor cheap .	18	19	VBP	are	is
anyway , putting aside your charge of bias , my point is that if this template were to be kept , then lawrence v .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the falls occur where the small river , the NNP NNP ( ) drops over the JJ edge of a hard sandstone known as the NNP rock .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
the fourteen sons are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP kumar , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP name is a registered trademark of the microsoft corporation , although the NN was originally developed by NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the author finds dense NNS of the group over the NNS , maps them to the group over the JJ numbers , and finally to the group over the NNS VBP a prime .	1	2	VBZ	finds	find
the villages located in the upper part of the valley ( NNP and NNP ) belong to the NNP and have relationships with the NNP NN , on the other side of the mountain .	1	15	VBP	belong	belongs
an alternative modeling perspective is to represent the system at the highest possible level of NN and study the JJ emergence of complex patterns and relationships from behavior and interactions at the individual level .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
ironically , this article itself is probably the best place to find reliable information on NNP .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
in NNS , the process used is positive pressure NN .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
total size of the terminal is around 72 , 500 square meters , excluding future extensions and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another explanation is that it means `` place of the king '' , or `` town of the king '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so for example if a star undergoing fusion falls into a [ [ JJ black hole ] ] , there 's nothing immediately that would stop the fusion within the star from continuing after it crosses the event horizon .	5	8	VBZ	falls	fall
as of 2012 the site is under development .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the house has 20 rooms and is tall .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as a NN , its NNS of n , NNP , and NNP are JJ .	5	13	VBP	are	is
his character is a businessman who is not JJ with his wife .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
compulsory use of a VBG hall effectively turns employers into a closed shop because employees must join the union before they can be hired .	1	7	VBZ	turns	turn
the park has such NNS as beaches , NN , NN , VBG , fishing , hiking , VBG , VBG areas , swimming , wildlife viewing and full camping facilities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
keep - as a fan of don NNP in minnesota , this album is notable to me and has many JJ songs .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
nearby villages are NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP etc .	1	2	VBP	are	is
called the `` JJ gate '' , because when viewed from the side the gate appears to be supported by a single NN .	14	15	VBZ	appears	appear
delete hardly notable , most links are from youtube , some from facebook , and a few valid websites .	5	6	VBP	are	is
a particularly JJ version is as follows .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the skin also has numerous JJ NNS , or RB , that partially VBZ the body , giving them a JJ appearance .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the protein structure NN remains an extremely difficult and JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	remains	remain
NN seems to adopt a style that requires chapter names to be identified where the author is an editor .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the castle is next to the lake of NNP , an artificial lake created behind the NNP 's dam , who went JJ destroy the castle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's JJ steel track is long and the lift is approximately high .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
major NNS include the ring road and the outer ring road , which had a traffic density of 110 , 000 vehicles per day in 2001 .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the article is a stub - and not a very JJ one - but yes , despite the JJ state of NN music , home audio is a notable avenue of research , completely JJ from movie watching .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
eddie 's team wins without him thanks to his best friend NNP who finally hit a ball .	2	3	VBZ	wins	win
the fact is , all of these parties are JJ non-notable in wiki terms .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my serious suggestion is that if anything additional is added from here out to the articles , something minor is removed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most NNS of JJ culture show that females use their father 's full name as their last names before marriage , and then are known simply by their first names after marriage .	1	8	VBP	use	uses
this type of traffic is most likely an attempt to bypass security measures or NNP detection systems by JJ NN of attack activity .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
currently no pages exist for these and i think it would be a good way to generate interests in the projects .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
customers include pharmaceutical , NN , and medical device companies , in addition to contract research organizations and academic institutions .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the church takes the position that god exists .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
NNS and children VBP higher amounts of food and water relative to their NN have higher surface area ( i .	0	3	VBP	consume	consumes
the category still remains with a stub name - which is clearly incorrect because these are not stubs , or NNS , they are JJ NNS that need expanding .	1	3	VBZ	remains	remain
as the funding model of government funding is relatively new , the standard for NNP NNS is still only new , and many NNS still exist that were built by the individual NNS .	23	25	VBP	exist	exists
NNP 's other hits include `` guess i fell in love '' , `` good things come to those who wait , '' `` second chance for love '' and `` promise me .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the parameters allow the templates to be VBN to the specific needs of different articles and pages .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
the book then deals with the internal politics of the NN , the other girls and the various clients .	1	3	VBZ	deals	deal
patterns of NN and NN are better observed when measures of relative abundance are also collected .	0	5	VBP	are	is
they are JJ , offer no information , and conflict with wikipedia is not a travel guide .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
random NNS are not likely to add much to the neutral bio that is already in the entry .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the problem we have on pages like this is that some editors refuse to operate with good faith and common sense .	11	12	VBP	refuse	refuses
he opened the door of the queen vic in this dress , singing a song , and then it was the NN , NN , NN [ the drum beats that VBP the end of an episode ] .	28	29	VBZ	beats	beat
the band is known for its JJ output and has VBN NNS and NNP to `` one night stands .	17	18	VBZ	stands	stand
its stem below the leaf blade is a JJ JJ , while the green , narrowly JJ blades are cut into NN near the base , which VBP into NNS in the upper part .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the only issue i have is that blocks are JJ , not JJ .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
one exception is in british columbia where each JJ regardless of level , has their own license to practice .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS often take on a broader role in modern jewish communities and may include additional facilities such as a VBG hall , CC kitchen , religious school , library , day care center and a smaller chapel for daily services .	0	2	VBP	take	takes
other hosts include NNP lewis , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , ryan lee , mark NNP , and emily NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in the areas outside the NNP fence , the number of NNS and NN is lower than in the areas inside , however the numbers changed depending on the habitat .	9	14	VBZ	is	are
this tradition of NNP people finds reflection in the story of NNP in NNP where NNP was handed over to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	finds	find
the article reads more like a resume than an objective piece about a notable person .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
in season 1 the presenter is NNP NNP , in season 2 the NNS are NNP and NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the company provides a service called NNP NNP , which allows customers to VB historical or real-time NNS , charts , and other JJ elements on a website or blog .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
the next paragraph in that paper points out that the important NN as far as the discharge of lightning is concerned is the NN between the storm and the JJ channel once this has been struck .	2	6	VBZ	points	point
i think the biggest issue with this article is that it does not show notability .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
in episode 5 , `` no man is an island '' , NNP reveals to VB that she has tried to start a NN physician service twice before , but failed both times .	6	7	VBZ	Is	Are
since 1985 , the area around the lake constitutes a nature reserve at provincial level , and since 1992 , at national level .	4	8	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
so for large values of n the limiting point of is the point on the unit circle whose angle from the positive real axis is x NNS .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
the list of mario series characters follows this same format and it appears to be doing RB .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow
RB , the album 's material falls in between their second and third albums , the family that plays together ( 1968 ) and clear ( 1969 ) respectively .	5	6	VBZ	falls	fall
apart from a description of via NNP and the information on NNP NNS , the main subject is the spelling of the word NNP or VB in greek NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the advantage of the rail connection is that you will not be caught in traffic .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP transformation in NNS is very natural ; comprehensive and RB JJ accounts .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this song also contains a reference to VB NNP 's claire 's knee .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
NNS are not reliable sources for notability .	0	1	VBP	are	is
such interactions provide opportunities for students to learn through VBG the performance of others , receiving feedback about their own performance , hearing alternative points of view , and engaging in the exchange of ideas .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the songs are RB JJ and JJ `` .	1	2	VBP	are	is
detroit NNP ( a taste of detroit ) is NNP village 's fourth album , released on june 29 , 2004 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
vocational options consist of NNP manufacturing , NNP repair , food preparation .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
her credits include all my children , NNP light , and another world .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the proposal significantly increases the complexity of the policy not only by VBG its length ( on a relative basis , that is a lot of instruction NN ) , but by opening the door to further `` NNS '' that in fact VBP the main point .	1	3	VBZ	increases	increase
since the super loop VBD rides are NN driven , even the JJS water build up on the rim can cause the drive VBZ to VB the rim .	5	6	VBP	are	is
and on another level , the monarchy is the common symbol of shared heritage .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
really , that espn article is actually evidence that this is not a notable rivalry .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this album is due to be released in winter 2013 under NNP matrix label .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ NN kills 70 in frank , alberta .	2	3	VBZ	kills	kill
NN theories have a home here .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the alternative is to use NNP , a tool on the NNP , to assist with the move .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
any model which is not pure NN contains some parameters that can be used to fit the model to the system it is intended to describe .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the details are open to discussion , but this is the general idea .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main reason for this JJ departure seems to be that his family wanted to return to the united states , and the NNP also lacked the financial backing needed to VB his massive contract .	2	7	VBZ	seems	seem
additional NNS include working for an ethical company developing NNS from NN , as an assistant in a zoo 's JJ lab and as a researcher for the ministry of defence .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP 's population is one of the JJS in japan due to the prefecture 's strong commercial and industrial sectors .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when adam is VBN of his powers by captain marvel , and is about to VB to his death , it is atom NNP who saves him , though no character ever sees this , and al keeps it hidden .	30	32	VBZ	sees	see
these users frequently edit pages written in languages they do n't understand '' - no reason to search for such users , not helpful to project , JJ naming convention used .	1	3	VBP	edit	edit
session laws are the collection of NNS enacted by a legislature during a single session of that legislature , often published following the end of the session as a bound volume .	1	2	VBP	are	is
hudson taylor maryland wrestling almost 20 , 000 pages show up .	8	9	VBP	show	shows
in the new NNP which once constituted the german democratic republic , most teachers are not NNP , with the possible exception of head teachers and certain specialists ( NNS teaching at schools providing vocational education or at grammar schools ) .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i assume you mean the league websites themselves ( and not fan websites which are not reliable sources ) , but as of the last revision before deletion none of them were cited .	5	6	VBZ	websites	website
the fact that it is covered in a whole section of a reliable secondary source is , not to mention their colonial relationship in the CD , CD , and CD .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
see this page for an NN from the table ; the 8th column has JJ citations for every JJ , and the 9th column shows the quote supporting the NN .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the VBN NN is in the upper chapel , which was rebuilt in the gothic style during the 16th century and renovated multiple times during the 19th century in gothic revival style .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
each enemy has their own chain counter , which VBZ back to 100 if another attack is not performed in time .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
palm trees provide a NN for a number of people , largely a group called the NNP .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
i see the article is almost fully referenced now , good work .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a common thread of del NNP 's work is the attempt to understand the connection between philosophical ideas and JJ history .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
it also has a location system that allows parents to VB where their child is at any time .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP deck is the only deck that passes from two different people of two different dna structures due to NNP 's influence .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its only use in the roman NNP NN today is in the mass as revised after the second vatican council .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
if the NNS detect a violation , the monitoring service calls the NN 's NN officer .	9	10	VBZ	calls	call
membership permits use of facilities at all locations .	0	1	VBZ	permits	permit
in addition to a plain , JJ format , there is often a test result NN that produces NNP output .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the one and only , genuine , original family band '' the film opens with NNP conducting all ten members of the NNP family , each playing a different musical instrument .	12	13	VBZ	opens	open
JJ chris murphy described the song as being `` about suicide '' , and said , `` we sort of NN through it like it 's a JJ number , but the lyrics are heavy .	32	33	VBP	are	is
wings represent the NN of various squadrons , both operational and support , under a single tactical commander reporting to the operational commander and vary in size from several hundred personnel to several thousand .	0	1	VBP	represent	represents
depending on the vessel , usual transit time between the north and south islands is between three hours and three hours twenty minutes .	7	14	VBZ	is	are
in the case before us the bill itself leaves a fair NN that if this patent is set aside the title to the property will revert to the united states , together with the beneficial interest in it .	6	8	VBZ	leaves	leave
thing is , very few of them actually call them specifically by this name .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS in addition to the NNP series ) the camera offers NN and fully manual modes .	10	11	VBZ	offers	offer
the current principal is the reverend tim NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
having passed by NNP village , the river passes behind housing , the archbishop 's palace , NNP college and NNP ; it forms the northern boundary of the extensive grounds of the archbishop 's palace and NNP college .	7	8	VBZ	passes	pass
a board of trustees was formed , and minutes show that the first board meeting was on june 30 , 1941 .	8	9	VBP	show	shows
the NNP school of islamic law , the only JJ one for the NNP , stems from him .	2	15	VBZ	stems	stem
the japanese government sets up a ministry of NNP to VB the production of aircraft and to VB and VB the production of military goods and raw materials .	2	3	VBZ	sets	set
users providing JJ mail VBN by NN receive no such NN since NN areas and districts are assigned using permanent NNS , and do not therefore assist with VBG items together into RB significant blocks .	0	7	VBP	receive	receives
other major figures in the modern synthesis include r .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
the NNP collection is accessible to the public at the center for art and media NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when his articles of choice are JJ , he edits them from anonymous ip addresses , some of which edits have left JJ evidence as to the identity of the editor .	2	5	VBP	are	is
some VBD NNS remain on the road side of the station entrance as a NN of how it all once looked .	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
most general patrol cars are NNP NNP and ford NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a NN fence or NN collector is an apparatus for collecting liquid water from NN , using a fine NN or array of parallel NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
prior to infection , the NN is relatively light and pale coloured ; however , as the infection VBZ , the tree produces a dark JJ NN in response to the attack , which results in a very dense , dark , NN embedded NN .	17	18	VBZ	progresses	progress
this transition occurs first in england and france around CD , in germany around CD and italy around CD .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
NNS , states , and activities have duration , while achievements and NNS do not .	0	6	VBP	have	has
these activities employ various features of technology such as audio , images , animation and text to help students better understand concepts in various subjects .	1	2	VBP	employ	employs
the function of the JJ protein is to act as a primary JJ factor that promotes sexual NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
as it becomes increasingly clear that the city will fall , the islamic authorities become more and more suspicious of NNS and NNP 's life becomes increasingly threatened .	13	14	VBP	become	becomes
according to the japanese NNP page , their duo name comes not only from their NN NNS , but also their personality roles , with NNP having the more darker , VBG character , and NNP playing the innocent NN role in the NN pattern .	9	10	VBZ	comes	come
the game has very few differences from world of NNP , one of the differences being the `` NN '' feature , which allows the player to choose up to three classes .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
playing NN is strictly restricted into resident in NNP , a small village in NNP city , where only 250 people live so that it is very rare to see live drum performance .	20	21	VBP	live	lives
the life of a NN prisoner in the sacramento county jail is basically hell .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
however , the orthodox church does not VB children of JJ marriages nor their rights to inheritance , so this objection is weak .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the village is near the southern edge of the area known as NNP NNP ( rush mountain ) , a NN of traditional irish NN music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ society consists of three NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the institute also contains a NNP laboratory and NN pilot plant , which is the only NNP NN plant in the united states .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the australian version of the complete NN includes the second christmas special ( 2007 ) , but , the uk version does n't , it is released as a separate edition .	2	7	VBZ	includes	include
rogers VBZ that every JJ NNP space admits an RB JJ series that is not absolutely JJ .	6	7	VBZ	admits	admit
noise and security issues connected with the local venues and NNS are also an ongoing concern as the NNP basin continues to be a popular attraction for auckland residents and tourists .	3	11	VBP	are	is
the constitution VBZ `` freedom of peaceful assembly without prior permission of the state '' , and the us state department claims these rights are generally JJ .	1	2	VBZ	protects	protect
my argument at this stage is that criteria have been established for notability , and it it reasonable to VB a test against those criteria at any point , not least after a month and a half on wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other winnipeg NNS include NNS richard NNP and NNP NNP , who often work with the national film board of canada 's prairie centre studio , as does documentary filmmaker john NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
this compilation features songs from 1970 's self-titled debut album to NNP bloody NNP , as well as one song from never say die !	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the bio claims she RB handled the evacuation and NN operations at al NNP after the july 2007 massacre of philippine army troops by rebel NN .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
in this area , the highway crosses cr CD .	5	6	VBZ	crosses	cross
lead is too short and is JJ e .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
fall , like spring , is usually mild and dry , with the hurricane season extending through november and sometimes affecting the area .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the shop contains some of the company 's NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
DT NNP of times of india gave the film a three star rating saying , `` a JJ film about freedom and desire , the film keeps you VBN .	25	26	VBZ	keeps	keep
because the losses are proportional to the square of the current , during peak periods losses are much higher than this and it is likely that widespread ie city wide application of heat NNS would cause NN of the distribution and transmission NNS unless they are substantially reinforced .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the main purpose for an NN to VB the vehicle and go eva is often to provide a force to push , pull , VB , VB or transport an object .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
so , for example , because PRP is white ' is true if and only if snow is white , the meaning of NNP is white ' is snow is white .	21	24	VBZ	is	are
spot tells him that his machine ca n't work with a frog because it 's a lower life form , like his other two creatures , dennis ( an NN ) and NNP ( a NN ) , and that he needs a NN , like a dog .	0	1	VBZ	tells	tell
at least one similar case comes to mind .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come
the only rule regarding piece placement is that no hero or warrior may be VBN from your opponent 's view by a weapon or building ( does not include brick walls ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the town consists of numerous old homes of traditional japanese design and sits among abundant rice fields .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the woman tells him that the two NNS VBD the NN at her husband 's store .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the second note begins a metric NN , falling on a JJ beat of the meter .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
what has happened is that the community now has a JJ consensus on notability for NNP that the NNP does not reflect but despite NNS of discussion , a clear consensus of what to replace NNP with remains JJ .	6	8	VBZ	has	have
perhaps the name on the cover has something to do with some of them .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
often my edits are on politically and historically sensitive pages , about slavery , wars , NNS etc .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a notable resident of this JJ village is the infamous NNP of NNP , a JJ entity that appears in some of the traditional folk tales passed down through generations by the residents .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
patch is the NN that all new riders start on .	7	8	VBP	start	starts
a major exception from this is the group of children 's comics and children 's magazines , containing comics .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the article is vanity , and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that relationship is present in many languages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the two main requirements represent raw corpus and the JJ description of the language .	3	4	VBP	represent	represents
NNP 's solution proposed solution is that if the editor really wants to make good faith contributions , well , NNP should just register an account .	9	11	VBZ	wants	want
this character is from NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in JJ brooklyn IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the difference between full production and full NN is the large residence time required by the NNP process .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
this very simple template is one of four that are used on the NNP suggestions page .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i believe the only effective way to deal with him is a lengthy ( 6 month ) topic ban on NNP NNP articles , with an option for appeal after 3 months if he has demonstrated he has learned how to edit properly and in a JJ manner .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
afd and just to make the party NN , let 's also say that no reliable sources exist .	16	17	VBP	exist	exists
other recorded old english common names include NN , bear 's grape , NN , NN , NN NN , NN , NN , mountain box , mountain NN , mountain tobacco , NN , NN NN , and JJ .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
the most commonly observed faith in NNP is christianity .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
an encyclopedia is not a place for people with a couple credits on obscure movies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP argument , but i think the argument works in this instance .	7	8	VBZ	works	work
the postal code for fort is 400 CD .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
in less traditional NNP , narrative control is less strictly separated between NN and players .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP source , the miami herald and the boston globe source , the internet archive version of which goes into great detail regarding mr supreme .	1	18	VBZ	goes	go
an unreliable source is an unreliable source , not reliable on NNPS and questionable on NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current section on patents is RB in error .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP not in service yet the NNP assault rifle is a NN weapon of north NNP origin .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the measures of leaves are 22 .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the most active board is the gaming board , which attracts almost a third of NNP 's daily visitors and registered members .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many countries establish a legal minimum barrel length that VBZ easy NN ( this length is in the u .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
in CD , the inhabitants of the new england town of NNP are suspicious of the strange JJ up in the grand NNP ' that VBZ the town .	4	12	VBP	are	is
raymond ] ] as [ [ NNP 's law ] ] says that popular [ [ JJ software ] ] has more chance of having few or no bugs than other software , because `` given enough NNS , all bugs are shallow '' .	40	41	VBP	are	is
the treaty VBZ legal NN in both countries .	1	2	VBZ	awaits	await
a stone marker indicates the location of the former fort .	2	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the title of this novel is JJ in understanding one of the major themes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his repeated violations are severe enough that they warrant a community ban .	2	3	VBP	are	is
despite this , his brothers view him as a NN of strength and are at a loss when he is injured or absent .	4	5	VBP	view	views
the rule of high king NNP mac NNP begins ( NN ) .	1	8	VBZ	begins	begin
it is then discovered that the aliens come from the NNS 's station , the NNP .	6	7	VBP	come	comes
a control area ( NNP ) is an aviation term that describes a volume of controlled NN that exists in the vicinity of an airport .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the cadets then take him away from the restaurant and start VBG an increasingly JJ NNP towards a railroad track .	1	3	VBP	take	takes
NNP railway station serves NNP in the east riding of yorkshire , england .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
the two links are no evidence of notability .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the official spoken standard in the people 's republic of china is NNP .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the associated mechanism varies between individuals , as their head and ear shapes differ .	3	13	VBP	differ	differs
remaining businesses include two public houses ( the NNP arms and royal oak ) and the garage .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a typical NN activity is actually a loop where the researcher performs short NN runs followed by small NNS in the algorithm 's parameters in order to speed the system up .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
only bay street station has weekend train service .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
difference in NNP 's NNP NNP 's principle of the identity of NNS states that two things are identical if and only if they share the same and only the same properties .	16	17	VBP	are	is
third , the reason why one news clip talked about computer NN ink NNS is because they did a JJ policy paper on the issue .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
students who attend south east high school are on a traditional schedule .	0	7	VBP	are	is
june saudi government offers a JJ limited NN to `` NNS '' .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the school has two campuses on the g .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article also has no reliable sources and was created by the subject .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
i think that a JJ NN of good faith is in order followed by some tea .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
however that has not VBN , and in fact the list appears to simply be a NN NN of films that individual editors feel in their opinion are `` NN '' .	10	11	VBZ	appears	appear
the park has a live sheep NNP exhibition run at various times of the day called `` the NNP 's camp '' it gives NNS the experience of a stock camp on an NN station .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this eastern junction of the highway and NNP airport road serves idaho residents using JJ regional airport .	2	10	VBZ	serves	serve
other buildings of note are the pub which still has civil war NN damage on the wooden walls inside .	1	4	VBP	are	is
research suggests that this VBD domain may function as an anchor site for NNP dna or it may also function as a NN enzyme .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
students come from varied ethnic backgrounds and many speak a third language .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
the wizard 's balloon in the movie has the name omaha on it , reflecting that the wizard originated from omaha , nebraska , just as in the book .	3	7	VBZ	has	have
therefore , these NNS favor use of points scored per 100 possessions ( offensive rating ) and points allowed per 100 possessions ( defensive rating ) .	3	4	VBP	favor	favors
one estimate has colombia 's NN cultivation NN growing from 13 , 000 in the NNS , to 80 , 000 NNS in 1998 , to 99 , 000 in 2007 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
when NNP 's mother comes up to her and asks why her perfect daughter would try to kill herself , NNP keeps it a secret , knowing that NNP needs to tell them in her own time .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the primary purpose of career day is to introduce students to the many vocational opportunities available in the world today .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one extreme form of selection by NN in the 1980s was simple hereditary transmission , and this principle , which operated on a de facto basis in rural work units , seems to have been fairly widely used in china 's industrial sector .	17	31	VBZ	seems	seem
if the patient is JJ and does not VB of significant VBG NN in the knee or pain , treatment is conservative and consists of VBG and VBG exercises for the NNS and VBG muscles .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
in NN , the mass typically refers to a NN .	4	6	VBZ	refers	refer
this ridge is rough and rocky , further worn by the boots of NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS in the role as an NNP educator additionally help VB and treat NN and other JJ illness .	1	10	VBP	help	helps
he also planned to round out the changes with movie reviews , until his son grows a little older .	14	15	VBZ	grows	grow
the request for peer review is JJ , given the current state of the article , with NN NNS etc .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
although the NNP program is only the junior and senior years , NNS and NNS take `` JJ '' classes .	12	15	VBP	take	takes
industries are small , and consist chiefly of VBG houses for vegetables and liquid NN production .	0	1	VBP	are	is
some cells that VBP NNP also have receptors for NNP .	1	6	VBP	have	has
the fact that the jesus in the JJ time period is a NN represents the way in which technology can exercise its power over humanity by offering salvation in a false jesus figure .	1	13	VBZ	represents	represent
NNS of NNP 's NN years of NNP 's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name or NN .	0	10	VBP	are	is
thus , NNP lacks the vowel harmony and JJ NN present in finnish , and accent is not always on the first NN of a word .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
NN bug is also aware of his NN and aware of events in other publishers ' comic books .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such confirmation would tie the standard model of NN into a more JJ picture where our universe is not at the center of the world , but part of it .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
as the mechanism of NN is JJ or JJ , the effects are JJ .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the breeding season extends throughout the summer , and a second NN may be born in winter .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
the song is a NN of high thin notes , slightly JJ than those of its relative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the way the shoot VBZ differs among plant groups .	3	4	VBZ	emerges	emerge
evidence is now strong that many NNS are maintained in human populations by VBG selection .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
our featured pictures are short on paintings by the old masters , partly because many museums make it difficult to obtain high quality digital files and assert JJ copyright claims .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the students are all heading off in their respective directions , VBN about the future .	1	2	VBP	are	is
one side wants to limit the time scope of the article so that the term `` germanic peoples '' is limited to when certain people were organized by tribes - a time before when nation states such as german , norway , sweden , etc .	1	2	VBZ	wants	want
the graphics are CD and are all JJ and animated .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i guess some people are naturally better NNS than others , or somehow got the right NNS into their heads at an early age .	3	4	VBP	are	is
but the sources are still not very good .	2	3	VBP	are	is
if the aspect ratio is not VBN , the NN with the largest area that fits within a NN is the one that has two opposite edges of the NN as two of its sides , and two face NNS as the other two sides .	9	19	VBZ	is	are
if a view is the majority view of a broad consensus of scientists , then we say so .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tower 's height includes a dramatic NN of approximately 84 metres .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
the receiver attempts to select the true target , using NNS experienced during the NNP state as NNS to what the mentally `` sent '' image might have been .	1	2	VBZ	attempts	attempt
the men VBG war , the women are at home .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNP resources theory states that as a heavily used limited resource becomes expensive , alternative resources will become cheap by comparison , therefore making the alternatives economically viable options .	10	11	VBZ	becomes	become
visible from any NN point in NNP city , this tiny island appears like a lone NN at the entrance of NNP channel .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
the range is approximately long , but only 4 to 8 miles wide .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in areas with less than 7 month growing seasons , temperatures are too cold for the roots to survive the winter months .	10	11	VBP	are	is
examples include previous guests of honor returning to attend the convention .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the general consensus view is that VBG generally works overall in achieving JJ results for clients , particularly since it has become so prevalent with substantial and growing NNS , although there are VBG views .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the articles mention it in passing , or give far from significant coverage .	1	2	VBP	mention	mentions
vocational education courses are available in NN , tourism , business services , retail , NNP and construction .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this category contains data structures to represent strings or collections of strings .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
well , the first NN is to make a separate peer review page !	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS have calculated that the ring contains 2 , CD JJ meters of shell .	5	6	VBZ	contains	contain
many thanks go to NNP , NNP , NNP NN , nick NNP , NNP , woody , NNP , jon NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP for their work on NNP reviews and peer reviews , during the quarter NNP 2008 .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
an JJ moving average ( NNP ) , also known as an RB VBN moving average ( NNP ) , is a type of infinite JJ response filter that applies VBG factors which decrease RB .	3	20	VBZ	is	are
digital camera `` face '' JJ digital camera has a feature called `` faces '' which is supposed to VB or something on peoples faces .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the currently VBP text is just a copy of the NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as i understand it , the NNP requires us to keep this article ( because we need to retain the edit history ) if this merge happens .	25	26	VBZ	happens	happen
upon thinking it over , NNS are a core feature of wikipedia , and are n't out of place , even in an index .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in fact the designation refers to moderate elevation of the mountains .	3	4	VBZ	refers	refer
fair use in land without NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the length seems appropriate for a survey article of this scope .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
in NNP , a NN language used in southern africa , the term used is JJ .	12	14	VBZ	is	are
this source is only available to online NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was estimated that up to 7 , CD individuals had been buried there , although other estimates say there could be anything up to 20 , 000 .	17	18	VBP	say	says
the tallest bridge in the county is the first bridge of the NNP NNP , which is tall .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's engineers , having performed extensive research of the NN , JJ robot , managed to access its control programs , and now the company VBZ to use the enormous energy reserves stored inside NNP to provide cheap electricity to the entire western usa .	25	26	VBZ	intends	intend
a NN version is also available , which is RB mentioned as an alpha or beta release at the website .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN is likely the closest thing to an authentic NN joint in NNP and it regularly features blues , jazz and NNP music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the requirements of featured NNS differ between languages , and NNS will still need to go through the procedure in order to gain featured status here .	1	5	VBP	differ	differs
the park is also home to NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
about page says it was started by three guys , but mostly run by one in his spare time .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the milk round is not managed by a central organisation , but each university careers service usually provides services to assist their students with company research , job applications and careers advice .	15	17	VBZ	provides	provide
the north NN has an arch matching the arcade of the south NN ( six NNS in granite , nearly JJ arches and standard NNS with elaborate capitals ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
their slogan is `` the workers must be united '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia is JJ and i hope editors like you stick around for a long time .	6	9	VBP	stick	sticks
this follows RB from historians ' interest in contemporary sources and in RB VBG sources , and does n't deserve an article to itself ( historical method seems adequate here ) .	26	27	VBZ	seems	seem
the school has an annual prize distribution ceremony .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the name comes from a café in the NNP latin , `` le NNP NNP '' , where the founders organized their first meetings , and therefore has no connection with the abbey of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
subsequent attempts at VBG the success seen by weapon x with NNP include native , NNP and NNP ( the 23rd attempt to VB NNP who was designed to also hunt down NN agents ) .	1	12	VBP	include	includes
it also is home to pictures of the many paint schemes that teams use throughout the year , as well as television NNS , and VBZ to deceased drivers .	12	13	VBP	use	uses
other towns of note are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	4	VBP	are	is
i consider this page NN and i think the subject is notable in its field .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the first NNP uprising begins against the spanish missions in georgia .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
calcium NNS play an important NN role , and controlling their release with JJ channels has been extensively studied .	1	2	VBP	play	plays
for this reason , the church is invisible from the street and can only be discovered by entering the courtyard through an JJ NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's argument relies heavily on the fact the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	relies	rely
the border of NNP is partially goes along it .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
checkuser team also watches these pages .	1	3	VBZ	watches	watch
article clearly needs expansion ; anyone VBG to do so may do so at any time .	0	2	VBZ	needs	need
the white matter , located in each hemisphere between the JJ NN and NN , as a whole has a JJ shape .	2	18	VBZ	has	have
dance is a NN of our culture .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the travel team , the terminal city NNP , represents terminal city within the NNP , and is ranked by the association .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent
NNP somehow applies when individuals are only notable for one job .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP states an article is notable if it has been the subject of reliable third party sources , if you look at the references it clearly meets these standards .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the song describes a young boy 's experience meeting an older and wise gentleman on a bus ride north from tennessee , most likely to chicago .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
when the slope VBZ with water , the fluid pressure provides the block with NN , reducing the resistance to movement .	2	3	VBZ	fills	fill
woodland scene , ( works on paper 45 .	1	4	VBZ	works	work
if the player wins , a championship ring is awarded and the player becomes the current mvp .	12	13	VBZ	becomes	become
but not all the animals are violent .	4	5	VBP	are	is
in the NN film NNP movie 4 , the main storyline is that of war of the worlds .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
what happens to the NNP interest rates when the rate that the bank pays your savings account becomes negative ( i .	15	16	VBP	account	accounts
as part of the `` greater bristol strategic transport study '' , a link road is under consideration to the south of bristol .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
but ancient gods also include greek , egyptian and norse NNS , among others .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
his father is not famous because of him , and he is not famous because of his drinking , drug use , or broken NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an american woman arrives in a small french town where she has inherited a NN , only to discover it is already inhabited by NNS .	2	3	VBZ	arrives	arrive
for both private and state schools , there are variations in the extent of autonomy in their curriculum , scope of government aid and funding , NN burden on the students , and admission policy .	5	8	VBP	are	is
when threatened , these snakes have been known to defend themselves RB , often striking with such force that the body is thrown NNS or even leaves the ground .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
another type of clothing worn throughout the united states by many types of people is the NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
the highway then reaches an JJ junction at NNP .	1	3	VBZ	reaches	reach
the palace grounds , 4 square kilometers surrounded by a NN and palace guards , also contain the NNP school , initially established for the children of the royal family .	2	16	VBP	contain	contains
the luke version presents both versions .	2	3	VBZ	presents	present
a conductor such as a metal has high NN and a low NN .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
supporters of NNP say that critics are taking words out of context .	0	3	VBP	say	says
NNS , NN NNS , NNS , and NNS , have a history of JJ use spanning NN .	3	10	VBP	have	has
the composition of the building really puts me off this one .	1	6	VBZ	puts	put
repeat episodes also attract millions of viewers , and the bbc has received criticism for repeating the show too often .	1	3	VBP	attract	attracts
as a member of the JJ NN , a feature that only NNP NNP and NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) also have , NNP is an JJ figure .	9	25	VBZ	is	are
the most popular sport in the city is association football .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
orbit realizes that the artificial intelligence he created has developed its own NN , to the point of being alive .	0	1	VBZ	realizes	realize
presumably the double variant is then for a double serving or shot .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the film is in JJ format , with an audio track and NNS in english .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
plans are underway to VB many of the city 's modern public schools , as well as large portions of the city 's civic plaza .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this category contains those who have held the position minister of justice in the government of chile .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the rest of the article makes the situation clear .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make
in addition , when a state has another high profile contest , such as a RB contested senate , JJ race or ballot NN , NN in that state can be affected .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
please , the `` referenced source '' simply states that the word is `` probably '' derived from the word `` NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
my guess is that you have some NN , though i admit that NN that VBZ you to wikipedia seems unlikely .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fully residential campus offers students a peaceful and JJ study environment along with facilities like NN , mess and NN , indoor and outdoor sporting activities .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
in NNP NNP 's youth , NNP NNP often said , with regard to NNP NNP , `` this child is more intelligent than other people , and one day will surely be a JJ official , even chancellor .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
its sister peak of kings hill , across route 300 , is also over high .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tribe , whose reservation contains much of the known ore deposits , declared a NN on uranium mining in 2005 .	5	6	VBZ	contains	contain
the world of the NNP has much violence VBN on by different technologies , nature , and dark magic .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
i think the criticisms are light and worth addressing , and it is better to get admin rights with more community support and less controversy .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the content he wishes to add is clearly questionable ( VBG on vandalism ) , and uses a source that is not credible .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the whole point of my nomination is that it can not imo .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in NN seals , females are slightly larger than males .	4	5	VBP	are	is
these RB neutral gods are gods of the balance and NNS of NNP , the city of the balance .	3	4	VBP	are	is
note that the same design features which keep buildings from falling over NNS while intact also work ( somewhat ) , when the building is no longer intact , to keep the debris from falling over NNS .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the range is from NNP in the southern highlands north to the queensland border .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other NN NNS exist , such as the JJ NN one , but these are not generally JJ for a personal NN .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
troop turns the voltage ever higher .	0	1	VBZ	turns	turn
these options specify parameters such as the resolution of the scan , the scan area , colour model , etc .	1	2	VBP	specify	specifies
buttons in microsoft windows are usually rectangular , with RB rounded corners in windows NNP , vista , and 7 .	0	4	VBP	are	is
they are not eligible for entry into oxford , cambridge or the london school of economics , as these institutions usually receive excessive numbers of NNS through the conventional NNP route .	19	21	VBP	receive	receives
the JJ bath definitely has a lower temperature than a plain JJ bath .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
its only regular use is for the two weeks a year that the championships take place .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ major classes are relative NNS , complement NNS and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the only requirement is that the two NNS or fans are RB similar , that is the NNS of the fluid forced are the same .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the north and west some mountain streams flow into the lake .	7	8	VBP	flow	flows
a more JJ translation is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
delete the article has no reliable , third party sources .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this effect on both persons and game animals is likely to be VBG over the length of the entire shooting event .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
as it is , the other two lists VBP themselves to ( i believe ) graduation year , without degree .	7	8	VBP	restrict	restricts
a further problem is that most of the weapons on the monument were made of metal which have since disappeared .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the rule shows clearly that the appointment of such NN is aimed at a JJ order .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
canadian students use the term marks ( more common in england ) or grades ( more common in the u .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
his role is destroy the terrible demon NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP mountain campus is home to the bachelor of business administration ( NNP ) undergraduate program , which hosts over 3 , 100 students .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
stories sometimes VBP from writers for more mainstream publications who can not get their stories published by their main employers .	0	2	VBP	originate	originates
some farms also sell young animals to other farms , either as breeding stock , or more commonly to be raised there to a larger size for further NN .	1	3	VBP	sell	sells
on the other hand , since the 19th century , large areas of JJ africa have been converted to christianity , and this area of the world has the highest population growth rate .	23	27	VBZ	has	have
in addition to threats from NNS , the mobile phone operator becomes part of the trust chain .	10	11	VBZ	becomes	become
the stronger hand is the one that has the capacity to ask for a legal remedy ( judicial relief ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he always has something positive to say regarding the crazy situations that these stars go through .	13	14	VBP	go	goes
the fruit is an JJ orange or red berry just over long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school also employs a full time NN staff as well as a doctor and a NN .	1	3	VBZ	employs	employ
while this would not go JJ for long , NNP would then be purchasing a large amount of diamonds from the diamond merchant using the stolen funds before the banks are aware of the phantom transaction and have time to correct the problem .	29	30	VBP	are	is
kevin determines that an enzyme called NN is what is allowing her to resist NN exposure .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
while out on his motorcycle , NNP has a chance encounter with a young artist in need of a ride , their meeting is quite sexually charged .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
most historians think that all the charges were NNS .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
during the day the JJ boundary layer usually is JJ , whereas at night it becomes RB VBN with weak or JJ mixing .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
completing a set of drop targets increases this bonus RB ; sending the ball through a slot when its light is lit ( one can move the light by VBG the NNS ) adds the current RB to the player 's score .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the objective is to capture the opponent 's king .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another example , the life sciences interface doctoral training centre or NNP NNP is an JJ programme at the university of oxford , directed by professor david NNP .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
in fact , the show is successful enough to get international distribution .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
an olive tree in NNP , portugal , is 2000 years old , according to NN dating .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
delete totally unreferenced articles are unacceptable .	3	4	VBP	are	is
but wp does have other similarly titled articles such as tourism in new york city and NNP makes the point that the subject is RB notable in wp terms .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the station has cycle access but no NN access .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP walls of text i have VBN over , almost all agree that the subject is not notable and that the content fails nearly every policy in the book , as explained by NNP .	1	11	VBP	agree	agrees
near the top of the front ( western face ) of the memorial is a smooth bar of granite , on which the words `` rough riders ' '' is carved in NN .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
a tunnel is an underground NN , completely enclosed except for NNS for entrance and exit , commonly at each end .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the manager , NNP NNP , also VBZ a patent for his theatre in hull .	1	7	VBZ	obtains	obtain
JJ systems have availability of about 98 .	1	2	VBP	have	has
that is because the primary standard for inclusion in wikipedia is , under the verifiability policy , verifiability , not truth .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
while discussion is ongoing , JJ appears to be addressing the editors more than the edits .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS of individuals are generally not VBN in english criminal law , subject to situations of special duty , JJ duty , and the creation of dangerous situations .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the solution of these equations in principle defines a JJ and JJ field of the relevant variables such as temperature or species .	1	7	VBZ	defines	define
the area surrounding the rock is popular for VBG , NN , and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while each article is to be judged on its own merits , it is worth noting the deletion of other articles for other actors with a similar level of credits to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an example of the modern approach is the work of the professor of psychology , david NNP , who has written about the subject from a number of points of view .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
sources seem to VB the initial argument weak .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
the song features bass , guitar , NN , drums , NN , and vocals .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
but all the responsibility VBZ with the government of NNP that for many years VBN and thus encouraged attacks of murder and robbery by armed powers in its country against the citizens of israel .	3	4	VBZ	rests	rest
the fact is , there are books and courses out there to VB people on how to do things if they want to learn how to do something .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the group and its successor promotes various cultural programs , local and foreign arts and artists through a charitable foundation NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	promotes	promote
in general , the NN to NNS is obvious , the NN to law journals is to catholic media , which best report on the details of catholic issues , and newspapers are newspapers , with one NN .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the story of a song of ice and fire takes place on the fictional NNS NNP and NNP , with a history of thousands of years .	1	9	VBZ	takes	take
the block comprises one hundred and twenty seven villages .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
examples of his contributions include the NNP dragon variation in the NNP defence , the NNP defence , the NNP variation of the JJ defence ( 1 .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the agency has specific jurisdiction over all california state routes , u .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the image , along with the content of the web site , is copyright 2007 , NNP , inc .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the nitrogen content serves to further increase VBG resistance and also gives it higher strength than typical 300 series JJ NN NNS , and thereby often allows it to be used in NN sections .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
as of 2000 , approximately 25 people reside in the NNP area .	6	7	VBP	reside	resides
that does not appear to be the michael lewis the article describes .	10	11	VBZ	describes	describe
the most famous inhabitants of NNP are the chief of NNS in NNP , the major of NNP and the NN of `` NNP total '' , a famous german music festival .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the nearest railway station is NNP , about seven kilometers from the village .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
long NNP syndrome sometimes presents itself as a NN due to surgery to correct NN .	2	4	VBZ	presents	present
the man claims he is an NN , but NNP quickly realizes that the man was VBG an JJ device .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
a good beginning ) is the second album by the icelandic NN band NNP NNP , which was released in 1999 .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
well , these game listing websites are , above all else , user guides .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the horizontal stick is RB slightly longer than the vertical one .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this article is about `` NNP medicine , '' a theory made up by one person , the only evidence of which i could find on his website [ 1 ] .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main advantage of this NN process is the possibility of realizing JJ NNS in which the electronic and the mechanical components ( functions ) are built in on the same NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
tools like NNP are sufficient , i think .	0	3	VBP	are	is
both client and server based NNS are available .	5	6	VBP	are	is
top gear ) before the race begins .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
the modes manage engine mapping , short NNS VBG from corners , VBP four wheel drive , wet weather , etc .	1	2	VBP	manage	manages
again , for NNS sake , the criticism of NNP stems not from his nominating the articles , but rather the manner in which he did so while an ani discussion was ongoing on the subject .	7	10	VBZ	stems	stem
NNP cuisine is a traditional cuisine which has evolved little over time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
census bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and of it ( 1 .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the show is also currently being played on the independent film channel in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the people are of JJ descent .	1	2	VBP	are	is
armored dragons are the most powerful creatures in the fire civilization .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the car has a JJ area of , but the sharp nose and smooth curves mean it has a drag NN of only 0 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other opportunities that have been implied while companies use theory y and z include , an improvement of people skills , VBG their employees , VBG change , helping employees balance work with life conflicts , and improving ethical behavior .	1	13	VBP	include	includes
generally , diesel engines operate well with a NNP from 40 to 55 .	3	4	VBP	operate	operates
the cast includes NNP russell , NNP NNP , jennifer NNP , NNP NNP , georgia king and jane seymour .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the name comes from its NN NNP NNP ( who called it the NNP surface ) .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the family doctor says that when the last leaf falls , NNP will be gone .	8	9	VBZ	falls	fall
NNP released tie fighter and tie NN toys during the original star wars trilogy 's theatrical release , and NNP 's JJ tie bomber is a rare collector 's item .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
firstly , the fundamental physical laws are JJ NN ; if a JJ film were taken of any process JJ by means of the aforementioned laws and then played backwards , it would still VB a physically possible process .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the school offers JJ music in the form of concerts and carol NNS .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
programs offered in the park include tennis , arts , softball , swimming , and an annual summer park program .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
currency NNS have large , JJ costs on an economy , but the ability to VB the timing and magnitude of NNS is limited by theoretical understanding of the complex interactions between JJ NNS , NN expectations , and government policy .	1	2	VBP	have	has
as mentioned this same interpretation is in her 1987 article .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the songs `` iii '' and `` northern praise '' are also black metal influenced and present more JJ lyrics , the VBN is VBN in finnish and refers to the trinity of god .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the river is about wide in its last , with increased NN and flow rate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles related to the native trees of haiti , on the island of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNP NN rate is 2 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the application of service autonomy involves two types of autonomy that allow an increase the overall autonomy of the service , design time autonomy and run time autonomy .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
so if her pop NNS fail , perhaps she 'll find some contemporary christian singers to VB .	4	5	VBP	fail	fails
this site has some nice overview and references ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP light chain 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
lead is too large for the bulk of the material present .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this one has as one of its NNS prof .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
current NNP technology requires no consumer download except perhaps for industry standard NNS such as flash .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the city VBZ along the charles river and contains several NNS .	1	2	VBZ	stretches	stretch
the cave has a large hole in the roof and is believed to have been used as a NN trap .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
and the article has a source -- the page view statistics for wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
after VBG the massacre of civilians during the CD capture of NNP , the two knights choose to desert the order and the crusade and return to austria .	15	16	VBP	choose	chooses
the estimated time to build this model is CD hours .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the fate of NNP and their two sons after this moment is unknown .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
sometimes a contributing factor is a lack of sleep or a high fever .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he supported the theory with NN drawings that have since been shown to be inaccurate , and the theory is no longer generally accepted .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
a golf match between NNP and english leads to multiple attempts on english 's life .	2	7	VBZ	leads	lead
non-notable fringe scholar who claims that NNP jews are NNP ( turkish ) VBZ to judaism .	2	13	VBZ	converts	convert
other news sites probably have similar sections .	2	4	VBP	have	has
NNP bond theory views JJ properties of molecules as due to spin NN of the NN NNS , while molecular orbital theory views it as NN of the NNS .	21	22	VBZ	views	view
all water going traffic that travels through the NNS has to negotiate either the narrow sound that VBZ JJ NNP from NNP NNP and NNP NNP or pass south of the islands , via the wood farm NN .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
the JJ link element helps NNS make clear to the search engines which page should be credited as the original .	3	4	VBZ	helps	help
the group returns to NNP , their hometown , accompanied by a platoon of new zealand troops .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
in any instance where the ball goes in a wild direction due to an odd surface , named NNP ' or a JJ NN ' , a NN takes place .	5	6	VBZ	goes	go
a leather NN is a NN made of leather .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
nonetheless , it has a JJ scope ( the hurricane season ) and all the articles are of a high quality .	15	16	VBP	are	is
moreover , the NN products also help in preventing and reducing skin NN .	4	6	VBP	help	helps
NNP NN NN NNS are devices VBG changes in electrical current passing through NN NN NNS due to NN of gas molecules .	3	4	VBP	are	is
nonetheless , NNP constantly VBZ everyone that the JJ terms of his NN remain JJ .	9	13	VBP	remain	remains
JJ meters provide JJ flow rate .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
this NNP 's eighteen up population is CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN that he used to make the JJ triple play is on exhibit at the baseball hall of fame .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
many of the east angles , whose king , NNP appears to have converted to christianity , were also converted by the missionaries .	7	10	VBZ	appears	appear
paragraph 21 seems to suggest that it should play a big part , but paragraph 22 seems to suggest that christians may have to place their faith in a certain interpretation even if their reason tells them that the bible , interpreted that way , can not be right .	0	2	VBZ	seems	seem
as such , its properties form the origin of the lotus variant of the NNP NN .	4	5	VBP	form	forms
individuals appear to also be able to VB their own NNS during NN feeding activity without interference from other NN members ' NNS .	0	1	VBP	appear	appears
university of manchester ) ; it can simply consist of the submission of a number of JJ publications , where JJ responsibility is unclear .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP station has a total of 35 NNS of land area out of which 25 NNS are utilized for wheat research and production activities and rest 10 NNS are occupied by farm roads drainage , office and residence facilities .	15	16	VBP	are	is
RB useful in solving an ordinary differential equation with JJ NNS , this transform involves VBG a general solution of an NN raised to the negative [ NN ] power .	13	14	VBZ	involves	involve
the current property on which the school resides was gifted to the school by then owners , roger morris and maurice east and the school was originally named NNP lake school when it was founded in 1967 .	6	7	VBZ	resides	reside
beginning as a NN of JJ behaviour , it eventually was taken to demonstrate how preferences differ .	15	16	VBP	differ	differs
since 2009 they have had access to domestic partnership status that provides many of the same rights and responsibilities as marriage , though they lack the same rights to medical coverage as their married counterparts and their JJ rights are not as well defined .	38	39	VBP	are	is
books need publisher , date , isbn ; journal articles need journal name and issue , page numbers .	0	1	VBP	need	needs
telephone services provided by cable tv companies also use digital switching technology .	1	8	VBP	use	uses
the arbcom restriction clearly means any edit war , you will lose .	2	4	VBZ	means	mean
if the article has disambiguation links ( NNS ) , then the JJ image should appear just before the JJ text .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this code uses the limit state design approach .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
this song is that cry saying , NNP , father , hold onto me , do n't let me lose my way .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the irish joke has more JJ origins .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the distinctive feature of an NN is NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
corp - agree no NN what the company does or who starts it , it needs significant coverage of it own and this does not exist in this case .	7	8	VBZ	does	do
while details differ by culture and specific participants , the systems work in a comparable manner .	10	11	VBP	work	works
the image used is that of visual effects designer jack NNP , in NN to the 1954 bbc adaptation of NNP NNP where the face of big brother was head of television design roy NNP ( NNP had worked on the visual effects for that production ) .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
disaster dogs rely primarily on NN , and may be limited in JJ events by their inability to VB between survivors and JJ victims .	1	2	VBP	rely	relies
the state has a single abortion clinic , served only by JJ doctors who lack JJ NN privileges .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a lot to say is an RB responsible JJ company that has been given an exclusive and JJ NN from the national green energy council .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the team plays its home games at NNP NNP stadium .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the hybrid is tender , requiring NN protection during winter in the uk .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
song is not sufficiently notable for its own article .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN , the JJ glass NN , is a rare JJ glass NN whose habitat ranges throughout the NNS of the southern hemisphere .	15	16	VBZ	ranges	range
the negative double is generally forcing , but RB might pass to convert the double to a penalty double .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in honor of NNP 's agricultural roots , the city 's official seal contains a red NN in the center .	12	13	VBZ	contains	contain
also , NNP NNP is applicable when the models are linear .	8	9	VBP	are	is
leigh ann 's aim is to achieve top grades to become JJ and leave the town .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN particles have a NN of 1 second .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the NN scheme is broadly similar to that used by time signal station NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the northern portion is largely puerto rican , while the southern portion is heavily mexican .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
a few features of the medieval castle remain .	2	7	VBP	remain	remains
the question here is are they a reliable source to use to say what the source says .	15	16	VBZ	says	say
in practice NN NNS are not infinite in the direction parallel to the interface , but if the typical size of the NNS is much much larger than the depth of the layer , the NN NN model will be an excellent NN .	19	23	VBZ	is	are
people who know from first hand the NN of meanings of the word macedonia simply can not accept the NN that some people try to VB here that macedonia only means one thing .	22	23	VBP	try	tries
the first exam is a theoretical exam , and is required for university graduation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN , an VBG performer , is probably one of the greatest american rock poets ; his songs tell stories , and they read RB even without the music .	17	18	VBP	tell	tells
the town remains a JJ mission station to this day .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
article needs more references in a few places , for example the rapid growth and expansion of NNP occurred during the colonial period .	0	1	VBZ	needs	need
the name means place of the lion and was named after NNP , the chief of the NNP speaking NNP or NNP tribe .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
but those personality traits are n't the ones that make a good scientist in the NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
variety and combination of colours is most JJ .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the best thing is to discuss it with people on both sides of the political spectrum and see if a consensus can be reached .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
despite the praise , the recording appears in NNP ' stereo on the compilation .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
humorous events follow as black VBZ NNP and NNP around the house with an NN before ( finally ) being shot and ( presumably ) killed by NNP after a lengthy NN .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows
the introduction of these NNS , originally known as `` fat boys '' , has led to an increase in the amount of vertical feet VBD , as the NNS become less tired and spend less time looking for lost NN .	29	30	VBP	become	becomes
this system is sufficient for the states where water is found in abundance , but in the less water rich western states the control of water must be handled differently .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ funds for stem research or education have a plan to provide training on the responsible conduct of research to NNS , graduate students , and JJ researchers ( sec .	1	7	VBP	have	has
while the ring of NNS closest to the centre is VBN , the next ring contains JJ areas .	14	15	VBZ	contains	contain
the book VBZ his relationship with his father seen through the NN of their shared NN for the brooklyn dodgers .	1	2	VBZ	examines	examine
if the player changes his mind as to which cards to play where , only the cards played in the current turn may be picked up for NN .	2	3	VBZ	changes	change
phrases such as these VBN by tony include `` on your six '' or `` got your six '' .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
forgotten today , the book describes the exciting lifestyle of the wealthy social elite .	4	5	VBZ	describes	describe
current interests include NN and NN , a NN knowledge , NN , and the JJ and JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
its administrative center is the town of NNP ( which is not RB a part of the district ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
date makes no such statement on full dates either despite extensive talk page discussion on high value partial dates .	0	1	VBZ	makes	make
she trips and is about to be run over until a taxi comes and the car turns .	15	16	VBZ	turns	turn
western heights at dover ( though their main phase dates to the planned invasion by napoleon soon afterwards NNS resigned his post soon after returning to france .	8	9	VBZ	dates	date
the NNP surface is then defined as the set of JJ space points within the first NNP zone , where the signal is highest .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the article fails to assert the notability of the subject , and none of the sources are independent of the subject ( myspace , and a JJ record label ) .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
the NN point is the JJ near NNP in the northeast of the state .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB this person seems to have plenty of third party coverage based on the newspaper articles .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the speed and intensity of the display increases as the perceived threat increases ( for instance when the possible escape routes for the shark are restricted ) and may be VBN with quick NN attacks followed by a rapid retreat .	1	7	VBZ	increases	increase
i was trying to demonstrate how JJ this article is .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
every page i have read that you have marked for notability fits the guidelines .	1	11	VBZ	fits	fit
this weekly cycle continues for the duration of each JJ season .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the chamber itself is RB VBN , so the NNS remain within the plasma cloud , which itself VBZ the power of the NNP pulse due to properties of the JJ oil .	9	10	VBP	remain	remains
this proposal is a new procedure for VBG , NN , and deleting categories .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the local beach is `` NNP los NNP '' ( NNP beach , ) situated south of the center square .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the faculty leads the human NNP research project , sponsored by the new zealand law society , which considers issues in the regulation of human JJ technologies in new zealand , on a legal and ethical basis .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
anonymous photos first published between 1923 and the end of february 1989 are sometimes in the public domain ( requires more information about the publication ) .	1	12	VBP	are	is
the museum has a large library , photographic collection and archives covering the history of both NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
and to have people who have minimal experience in this area claiming no problem exists , or the problem is all on the NN side , or that the problem is only that we are not civil CD , shows how hard it will be to make progress here .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
its NN depth is .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
architects , engineers , and NNS use these equations to create `` VBN '' IN that are used in curved walls , VBD NNS , bridges , and numerous other applications .	0	6	VBP	use	uses
the archaeology gallery has exhibits of human evolution and cultural development in NNP starting with stone age to iron age .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
princess VBZ to a growing interest for JJ NNS .	0	1	VBZ	responds	respond
having retired years after , her daughter works alongside austin after he is JJ many years later , and she makes a brief appearance while on the phone with her daughter .	6	7	VBZ	works	work
while the NN movement still faces many significant challenges and NNS to gaining full equality , the wave of NN that began in the early 1990s has not yet peaked .	3	5	VBZ	faces	face
during a telling , the audience VBZ mental images of what is happening and they create different versions of the story .	5	6	VBZ	generates	generate
music and equivalent pages in the way that a7 is for JJ articles that fails to even claim that the subject of the article is notable .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
since this force VBZ as a result of the resistance of the material to the motion of the tool it might be expected that this force will decrease as the temperature of the material around the tool is increased .	2	3	VBZ	arises	arise
three coins of the so-called NNP NN type have no edge NN .	1	8	VBP	have	has
traditionally , the flat surface that the animation VBZ on is some kind of table that the NN sits at .	17	18	VBZ	sits	sit
the enterprise uses a spread of NNP NN VBD between the NNP and NNP ships , causing them to break off their attack and withdraw .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
as the community grew after the american civil war , its infrastructure needs did as well .	11	12	VBZ	needs	need
the content is nothing more than a NN , which wikipedia is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP also entered into a JJ call and put option agreement with NNP which would allow them to purchase the assets of NNP , although that portion of the deal is JJ on the fcc allowing a foreign broadcaster to own an american station , which is currently VBN .	26	30	VBZ	is	are
the largest concentrations are in jackson , clark , and monroe counties in wisconsin .	2	3	VBP	are	is
during the battle against the one king , the hero 's attacks only become somewhat effective with the aid of the chronicles .	11	13	VBP	become	becomes
JJ light is invisible to the human eye , but when paired with a camera with an JJ sensor , can be used as a flash to produce a clear image in low light conditions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a modern scottish gaelic spelling of the name is NNP NNP mac NNP .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
i have no dog in this fight , but the best way forward is to engage in discussion , invite uninvolved editors to VB and comment , and only make any changes based on the results of those JJ discussions .	11	13	VBZ	is	are
the reef gets its name from the NNP barrel wreck .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
RB , the song is a celebration of youth in the big city , and of what paul NNP called the `` young idea '' , reflecting NNP 's NN for the punk movement .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
grant manages to persuade julie that he is a better choice than his good for nothing brother , and is eventually invited into her flat , where they share a bottle of wine .	0	1	VBZ	manages	manage
i think my letter is a kind of harsh NN about the question bank points getting competition .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
although the origins of hurling are unknown , one theory from irish mythology is that the game derives from the irish game of hurling and was brought back to britain after the norman invasion of ireland in the 12th century .	16	17	VBZ	derives	derive
the frog 's color is black , but it may appear to VB due to chemical NNS in the skin .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the game features JJ NN combat , combat with JJ weapons , and first person shooting .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
records in the NNP court refer to proceedings between CD and CD where roger NNP , a london mason , was VBG for payment following the rebuilding of church tower and nave .	0	5	VBP	refer	refers
the fruit from each NN is a JJ NN up to a NN long , not considering the large NN of up to 50 PRP$ white NNS which may be an additional NN in length .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his daughter is actress NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ citations belong at the end of sentences or at least after NN marks like NN .	1	2	VBP	belong	belongs
the third is a combination of both , where the certain NNS offer their own online tournaments that can only be played at the NN 's store .	11	12	VBP	offer	offers
i agree that their definition is a bit strange , your example of coach NN at cow college for half a season in 1908 is a good point , i doubt there would be even sources .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
normally a wartime report of x tons of ammunition means measurement tons which were 40 JJ feet .	3	9	VBZ	means	mean
i quite agree that the subject is important , and it would be great to have an fa on global warming , but this article looks to me like it needs a bit of work , mainly in terms of editing it into JJ and JJ prose .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
some bands reach the NNP and NNP regions and also the NNP .	1	2	VBP	reach	reaches
despite being a small country in southeast asia , the foods from each region in vietnam carry their distinctive and unique characteristic that VBZ the geographical and living condition of the people there .	10	16	VBP	carry	carries
the road is wide and has two lanes , plus two lateral JJ ways , each wide .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the show displays the growth of relationships between the doctors , either friendly or sexual , often VBG to a clash between their personal lives and their professional .	1	2	VBZ	displays	display
NN machines have a VBN , JJ play area in which the player uses mechanical NNS to direct a heavy metal ball towards VBN targets .	12	13	VBZ	uses	use
the article is indeed a bit NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
consensus NNS on strength of argument , not strength of numbers , and this debate VBZ that a few very strong arguments can actually VB a NN of weak ones .	14	15	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
often , collaborative teams from various disciplines ( NNS and other scientists ) work together toward the introduction of new NNS and methods for patient care .	3	13	VBP	work	works
NNP 's products are programs that NNP runs for use by regulated banks and credit unions in the united states .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the domain name or JJ JJ ip address gives the destination location for the url .	2	8	VBZ	gives	give
based on catch records , the NN shark appears to conduct a NN vertical migration of up to each way .	7	8	VBZ	appears	appear
in the words of john NNP , `` an NN space is a vector space that 's forgotten its origin '' .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a system exists that allows air to escape from the barrel shortly after it has passed the NN .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the game features only one JJ level and no music , instead having a VBG background beat playing back at a set interval that signals the speed chosen by the player .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a person that is considered a celebrity depends on the cultural context and the period in history .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
the last row usually stands , or if that is still not enough , they may stand on NNS and tables .	2	4	VBZ	stands	stand
for example , arbcom should set clear examples of how to deal with disruptive users , but sanctions imposed by arbcom are JJ without the support of the community ( and the accompanying NN of the community to enforce those sanctions ) .	17	21	VBP	are	is
the NNP e-mail format is a common way of VBG e-mail messages , where each message is kept in a separate file with a unique name , and each NN is a directory .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
consider notability before using components , but the article is reliable for police views on the NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the two links in the notes are for NNS , not seasons ; these have real value .	2	6	VBP	are	is
to address the point you raise about the home invasion cite , in that instance the content being VBN by the citation is generally JJ .	16	22	VBZ	is	are
each team member chooses a musical instrument to incorporate into the design of an outdoor NN .	2	3	VBZ	chooses	choose
one type of synthesis of NN NN NN is through JJ phase NN , which uses the NNS of NNP ( NNP ) and NNP ( NN NN ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
rather , the independent congregations are a network with each congregation participating at its own NN in various means of service and fellowship with other congregations .	4	5	VBP	are	is
strong support - this version sends a much better message than the original which applies to all wikipedians .	4	5	VBZ	sends	send
mike article , so this is perfect for a merge .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in july 2007 , according to the minnesota NNP tribe , the total number of enrolled members of the white earth reservation is 19 , CD .	13	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's group and solo exhibition record is JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
note that the JJ NN has no meaning , it is simply a string that will never match an actual NN .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the architectural historian , howard NNP 's assessment of stone 's architecture is that he `` partly absorbed the new NN of NNP jones , but without accepting its full discipline and without VBG some of the NN or baroque features that he had learned in london and amsterdam .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
beginning in freshman year , students have the opportunity to take college now courses .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the village is also the JJS place in NNP from the centre of the county near NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the ash is highly JJ , since the JJ portion of the oil NN is essentially limestone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the more memorable NN is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the ruling would let the states know how far they could go in VBG citizens of NNS of sex crimes .	5	6	VBP	know	knows
while most other NNS rely on the user having software development tools already set up to install certain NNP components , NNP NNP ships with the most commonly used tools VBN and VBN .	3	4	VBP	rely	relies
since the NN of the european union earlier this year , free movement of eu citizens includes NNP .	12	16	VBZ	includes	include
the ranking measures NN for NN and wireless internet .	1	2	VBZ	measures	measure
though the sporting clubs are a part of the union , when they play other clubs , they play for the university of NNP , not the university of NNP 's student union .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the festival began in 1972 in chapel hill , where the name is a NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
however , sometimes it VBZ away , questions about new additions come up , or changes are made .	7	11	VBP	come	comes
in the united states , eye contact , a NN of the head toward each other , and a NN , with no NN ; the palm of the hand faces NNS , neither RB nor RB , in a business NN .	6	30	VBZ	faces	face
the service is available to all businesses but the emphasis is on the support of small and JJ enterprise ( NNP 's ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i am open to constructive and true criticism of NNP NNP , but the blog article links have no sourced .	16	17	VBP	have	has
the central part of the tunnel is odd in that it is not fully covered .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
mouth JJ result of the discussion was delete , consensus seems to be that these terms are sufficiently general that pointing them to one person is generally misleading and obscure .	15	16	VBP	are	is
cases against editors ted NNP , numerous editors on ted kennedy , NNP , and NNP , numerous editors on political research associates , NNP ( user page ) , NNP ( user page ) , and NNP are in the voting phase .	7	38	VBP	are	is
hybrid NNS , together with bow NNS and later delta NNS are all NNS of a NNP ( supported leading edge ) , defined by having a NN which supports the leading edge .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the current advisor for this club is mr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the title like water for chocolate comes from the 1989 laura NNP novel like water for chocolate , which was adapted into a movie in 1992 .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come
the JJ professional basketball league in the world is the philippine basketball association , from the archipelago of the philippines .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the aim of this project is to VB and improve articles related to indian roads mainly national highways , state highways , NNP , NNP corridor road and also improve the articles about institutions of road development like NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
most images of this type are hosted at wikimedia commons ; in a few instances the hosting must be done locally at english wikipedia because this project VBZ by us copyright law ; wikimedia commons policy also VBZ the copyright law of the originating country .	35	37	VBZ	respects	respect
two more boeing NNP NNP bombers of strategic air command suffer crashes this date .	5	10	VBP	suffer	suffers
the coat of arms of NNP resembles the estonian arms , but the NNS in the former arms are crowned with golden NNS similar to the ones in the danish arms .	1	6	VBZ	resembles	resemble
her frames are of white oak and white NN , very heavy ; ceiling , white oak , NNS and deck frame , white NN , all full NN with NN and oak NNS ; NNS are JJ ; patent NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ clouds generally have a NN JJ appearance and form at high NN NNS along the very leading edges of a JJ or JJ weather NN and often along the NNS of its other borders .	1	3	VBP	have	has
one can drive right up to this temple , though the road at many places is quite bad and narrow .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the program VBZ at NNP at 1 pm pacific time each NN .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
my additional concern about this term is that of the 7 google hits on this spelling , none appear to easily VB to `` philadelphia usage '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
also NNP 's definition is rather strange .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the battery power comes from four aa batteries .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
many traditional ceremonies governing the lives of NNP use NN and NN .	2	8	VBP	use	uses
an important feature of inquiry is that a person learns to be aware of both the content of experience ( emotions , thoughts , NNS ) and the attitudes and reactions towards it .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this melody is distinct from other JJ NNS of the JJ region in having NNP , rather than im or NNP , as its primary tone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the JJ right of NNP NNP 's achievement consists in his performances of NNP nova 's works .	4	10	VBZ	consists	consist
suddenly the train VBZ away , leaving larry behind .	2	3	VBZ	pulls	pull
NNP , whose mother is from argentina and father is from utah , was born in NNP , argentina and grew up in NNP , utah .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the school is also a part of NNP NNP which is a cooperation between the high NNS of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the NN , rita 's gun goes off accidentally as her brother tries to VB her .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
a few small rough log NNS , occupied in the winter season by the NN makers , comprise all the improvements on it .	5	17	VBP	comprise	comprises
the place has an electric power generating station , which supplies to the northern grid .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the sanskrit term NN refers to the NNP NN ( the sanskrit term for NN is JJ ) .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
few records remain of the actual episodes .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
NNS VBP by VBG at a precise location in the dna , where the expression of the NN produces a break in the JJ JJ or JJ NN .	14	18	VBZ	produces	produce
the district capital is NNP NN NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
article has insufficient information to justify notability .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
in the hydraulic NN , current flowing through a wire ( or NN ) is like water flowing through a pipe , and the voltage drop across the wire is like the pressure drop which VBZ water through the pipe .	25	29	VBZ	is	are
the house is now 22 st john street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main causes are the loss of JJ availability and most of all capture for the trade , i .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the other designs VBN on the helmet are clearly within the NNP sphere .	2	7	VBP	are	is
his tour of italy , which included visits to NNP and sicily and which he documented in his autobiography , is the most extensive known to have been undertaken by an NNP in the 16th century .	1	20	VBZ	is	are
to most familiar with the images of the conflict , the assumption is the two figures firing in the upper images are israel soldiers and the figures emerging from the cinema below are NNPS in fear of being shot .	15	21	VBP	are	is
support this is not about VBG or advertising , but about the most popular os in the world .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
x , y ) '' ) , the algorithm takes as input a set of JJ rules which it tests for NN and VBZ for its learned concept .	8	9	VBZ	takes	take
estimates based on surviving inscriptions alone range from 200 , 000 to 250 , 000 NNS .	0	6	VBP	range	ranges
judge NNP NNP VBD from the NN of VBG arguing that false representations are not per se entitled to first amendment protection .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the current record , held by andy NNP , set in october 1990 , is less than two minutes under this time .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
i 'll see what i can do , but i still think it would be much easier to wait until numbers come out .	20	21	VBP	come	comes
this type of tagging is highly inappropriate and is JJ to using tags and templates as weapons .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
mere silence as regards a material fact which the one party is not under an NN to VB to the other can not be a ground for NN or a defence to specific performance .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the result is a JJ , JJ , NN and a JJ NN 300 NNS wide and set on the right of the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the goal is for nearly 2 , 000 JJ JJ lighting systems in first aid posts will replace JJ NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the concept of the kelly criterion is you can VB the JJ number of tickets to buy based on the size of your current NN and the winning probability and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
i have no clue what the deal is about it , but i VBD i 'd take the time to volunteer and call it out here since i do n't really even know how to edit well , nor revert at all .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
students are candidates for masters of arts ( m .	0	1	VBP	are	is
these JJ systems typically include a JJ pc to VB test NN , data analysis , VBG and printing , and JJ results storage .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
the track is the second single from laura live world tour CD , her third live album ( JJ overall ) , released in november 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the two groups are both conducting surveys on the same location , they meet and determine a lead party based on the situation .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the station operates in NN with sister station NNP .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
as terry riley explains in the liner notes , the first movement has a rising JJ JJ NN moving NNS , and a series of variations on this pattern , ending with the NN being played in JJ NNS .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
all records listed are from competitive matches only , unless otherwise stated .	1	3	VBP	are	is
death of emperor NNP , silver content of the roman NN falls to 75 percent .	0	11	VBZ	falls	fall
this type of NN offers little NN and less exposure than a NNP NN .	1	4	VBZ	offers	offer
potential marriage partners are likely to have been VBN before NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in a small JJ study is was shown that the JJ line passes directly through the NN NN .	11	12	VBZ	passes	pass
though the original hospital is more than 200 years old , the medical college was formally established on july 2 , 1938 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i strongly believe that the committee 's real purpose is to prevent further damage to the project by taking measures as we see fit , not to VB out some form of NNP ' as punishment of those deemed to have done wrong .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
and everyone knows that lawyers are always right !	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNS have JJR NNS , step off and quick pitch , hold the ball .	0	1	VBP	have	has
comment if you becomes notable in the future , then the article can simply be recreated once independent and reliable verification of notability is possible , even if it is deleted now .	0	3	VBZ	becomes	become
the earth has probably always had some form of JJ NN , but the age of the oldest JJ NN today is only about 200 million years .	14	21	VBZ	is	are
the last line of a NNP NN is an NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
today the school serves as part of the west central school district .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
comment this is quite obvious as i reported a similar ip just a minute ago for the exact same thing .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's scientists submit the JJ NNP to processes that give them JJ powers and JJ forms , although eventually they revert back to normal after their fight with the NN .	2	3	VBP	submit	submits
one estimate is that out of 40 , 000 to 60 , 000 monks , only between 800 and 1 , 000 survived to carry on their religion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP development strategy of JJ integration is a key message here .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the council VBZ a president , first vice president and second vice president from among its members at a NN meeting held after each election .	1	2	VBZ	selects	select
according to 2006 census bureau estimates , the population of the city is 3 , CD .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP was previously the editor in chief of genre magazine , a north american gay men 's lifestyle publication and editor at large for the out NNP , a north american gay travel quarterly .	31	32	VBP	travel	travels
two group camp sites are available .	3	4	VBP	are	is
his NNS are his neighbours who include chen NNP who uses his share of the prize money to become a NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP people - the NNP people are one of two races native to NNP , they are dark gray VBN , NN , tribal NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
for what it 's worth , though i did n't say so in the community ban proposal , i think NNP 's proposal in conjunction with beta 's proposal is entirely acceptable as far as i am concerned .	22	29	VBZ	is	are
despite all the changes the mission remains the same and the performance , in terms of measurement capability and accuracy , remains the same .	5	6	VBZ	remains	remain
better to stick to the record as the entry now does .	8	10	VBZ	does	do
services of NNP include books , movies , cds and tapes , free internet access , printing and NN , etc .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
other significant NNP texts include NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
then , similar to some more complicated games , the first moves are sort of random and the NN is the first player to make a mistake noticed by his opponent .	11	12	VBP	are	is
strong preferences for specific recreation settings lead to competition for recreation resources among different user types .	1	6	VBP	lead	leads
with a successful prototype in place , la fitness then expanded its NN development efforts , and new club construction now accounts for the vast majority of the clubs opened every year .	19	21	VBZ	accounts	account
while the issues dealt with in she has a name are inherently sexual and the play depicts scenes of sexuality , the performances displayed no NN .	2	3	VBP	dealt	dealt
very little else is known about NNP other than the fact that she wears large NNS , something that head of it at the hospital NNP jones finds attractive .	19	27	VBZ	finds	find
the final set of three scenes ( the third beat ) connects themes , characters , situations , and games from the whole piece .	2	11	VBZ	connects	connect
there is no indication that social environment after birth has an effect on gender identity or sexual orientation .	6	9	VBZ	has	have
threats to this endangered species include habitat loss as its range is consumed for development and oil exploration .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
the top 10 students from the region represent the region at the state math field day .	3	7	VBP	represent	represents
NNP guitars appear in NNP NNP NNS .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
by contrast , in modern high NN NN , the trend is to separate the bass signal and VB it with a dedicated NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
one criticism of JJ play is that it VBZ deep knowledge over shallow knowledge .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
task force ranger NNS receive intelligence of NNP 's location .	3	4	VBP	receive	receives
this article is about NNP , the tv show .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original NNP games and the NNP NNS have this removed while the NNP and NNP games dragon quest ix and NNP VBP include this .	3	8	VBP	have	has
this article has been tagged as lacking sources since 2006 and i do n't think the airport still exists .	16	18	VBZ	exists	exist
archbishop NNP 's instructions also set out relative values for the parishes of NNP and st NNP with all saints ' , in VBG NNS for taxes known as `` JJ NNS '' .	3	5	VBP	set	sets
a large NN extending roof covers the main ring .	2	5	VBZ	covers	cover
prefer edit agree that the colors seem more natural .	5	6	VBP	seem	seems
note that JJ and JJ NNS are both dense in the sense of appropriate ( JJ or JJ ) order NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
essentially , the subject is only notable because of an incident involving george felix allen whereby he was called a JJ term .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
after a decade following the film 's release , reviews are still extremely VBG .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the NN is an open array of thin branches bearing JJ , VBD , JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the writer RB VBZ the theme of death and life in the short story .	1	3	VBZ	handles	handle
naturally , the musicians featured here are a few NNS amongst hundreds of excellent musicians living the same kind of life .	3	6	VBP	are	is
news outlets immediately begin reporting on the incident along with its political NNS .	1	3	VBP	begin	begins
several members return year after year , others only stay for one season .	1	2	VBP	return	returns
i happen to think that the answer is no , and that NNP is not notable .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
most network partners rely on external expertise and services to implement their respective programmes .	2	3	VBP	rely	relies
the hotel is a very popular short break destination and also very highly regarded as a wedding reception venue .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the term itself enjoys use in several JJ sources ; i got 31 JJ hits , most of which are relevant .	1	3	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
of course , your way of VBG it is more precise .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
because the hills , mountains , and large bodies of water produce such vast geographic diversity within this region , the san francisco bay area offers a significant variety of NNS .	2	11	VBP	produce	produces
the club colors are blue , red and yellow .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP , NNP - crowd funding website finds a way to improve neighborhoods when the city has no money abc action news .	6	7	VBZ	finds	find
the only energy NNS are the launch , and rising air encountered during the flight .	3	4	VBP	are	is
it is believed that a receptor molecule exists in a JJ equilibrium between active and inactive JJ states .	6	7	VBZ	exists	exist
although when in raw format it looks much better at full size , the NN player seems to be struggling with the full size , which is why i used the medium VBD image .	15	16	VBZ	seems	seem
NN and replace the failed nomination is a bit of a joke if you ask me .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN group is different this time around .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this image is being linked here ; though the picture is subject to copyright , i ( NNP ) feel it is covered by the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
blocks can be executed by sending them the value message ( compound variations exist in order to provide parameters to the block e .	12	13	VBP	exist	exists
the reliable sources are JJ but probably do rise to a sufficient level to make the decision to keep .	2	3	VBP	are	is
it would probably be best if you stop responding , because as things stand now , the article is going to be deleted , and nothing you say is going to change that at this point .	12	13	VBP	stand	stands
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately north of NNP , north of NNP , and north-east of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the east end of the church is norman and the nave is late 14th century .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
other old but well preserved heritage houses in NNP include the NNP de NNP , the NNP house , and the NNP house .	6	9	VBP	include	includes
looks like you use a forum as at least one source , and imdb .	0	3	VBP	use	uses
however , the exact JJ position of NNP remains uncertain .	5	8	VBZ	remains	remain
covering , this NNP service operates from music city central to the edge of NNP county just north of NNP mall .	4	5	VBZ	operates	operate
however , the name and logo of `` JJ '' appears on several set pieces and NNS such as computer NNS and beer NNS .	3	10	VBZ	appears	appear
apparently , several other people disagree with you .	4	5	VBP	disagree	disagrees
females normally bear one baby every year , but sometimes NNS ' low level of movement actually keeps females from finding males for longer than one year .	0	2	VBP	bear	bears
VBG elements from NN , rock , latin , NNP , and hip hop is integral to VB 9 and to the identity of JJ hip hop .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NNS remain on the JJ territory for only a short time ( a few days ) before they become independent and JJ to find their own territories .	0	1	VBP	remain	remains
the wright brothers fly their no .	2	3	VBP	fly	flies
his research interests include NN , mythology , religion , narrative , NN , personality , NN , NN , intelligence and motivation .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
landmarks near NNP include NNP airport to the east , and the beaches south of the town .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
american show and VBG JJ bias is valuable .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the driving license is probably true , but not that remarkable in that time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the human desire for NN is one of the strongest human drives .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
RB village is famous for the NNP `` st ; mary 's church '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the song is a love ballad , with NNP singing to his lover about a time they spent on a NN sailing around the greek islands .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
or it may just be that the angry folks are all the VBG user .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the new zealand JJ NN is the descendant of many other species of NN , such as NNP , NNP , spanish , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and alpine .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
an italian NN , maria NNP ( NNP NNP ) , believes that the JJ body is still alive , but dr .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
i trust the current business in iran , and frequent cases in china , provide JJ reason why .	10	14	VBP	provide	provides
along with the NN of the NNS in NN months , the leaves eventually fall off as the plant enters the JJ stage .	12	14	VBP	fall	falls
despite several line-up changes during their career the group remains centered around the NN team .	8	9	VBZ	remains	remain
the use of the NN in this part of australia continues as an JJ tradition since time NN .	1	10	VBZ	continues	continue
regulations specify JJ fees of reproduction .	0	1	VBP	specify	specifies
the entrance prayers are the prayers VBN by the NN and priest upon entering the temple ( church building ) before celebrating the divine NNP in the eastern orthodox church and those eastern catholic churches which follow the byzantine NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
some stores have a slightly different layout , often with the arrangement of the store being `` VBN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the `` guest NNP 's collection '' is an invitation for NNP 's visitors to include their thoughts on VBG NNS ; a contest decides the best analysis and one is added every two months .	23	24	VBZ	decides	decide
this JJ account of the achievements of NNP , though not free from confusion , contains some valuable information .	2	15	VBZ	contains	contain
congress in rent for his fathers use of space in NNP 's office .	5	6	VBP	use	uses
subject is definitely notable and the issues brought up by the nominator point to an editing issue , not a deletion issue .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the second story tells of the greek poet NNP of NNP ( 7th century bc ) , who was saved by a NN .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
NNP railway station , approximately north of NNP railway station serves the estates of NNP , NNP and NNP and is on the NNP branch line .	2	10	VBZ	serves	serve
various criticisms of aspects of NNP 's theology and ministry practices exist .	1	11	VBP	exist	exists
we must both see the value of what is produced in the end or the item fails .	15	16	VBZ	fails	fail
JJ relations are the JJ diplomatic relations between the governments of russia and the united kingdom .	1	2	VBP	are	is
several popular NNS are available ( NNP and NNP NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
following from these claims , the fifth edition of the NNP and statistical manual of mental disorders ( NNP ) draft incorporates a combined JJ approach to VBG personality disorders .	20	21	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the school 's NN NNS are NNP 's primary school , NNP primary school and NNP primary school .	4	5	VBP	are	is
at first his replacement seems like a VBG change , until he begins VBG bob into letting him perform his music in the restaurant , which drives away the customers .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
rescue seems quite possible as her website shares her press coverage and interviews , [ 6 ] including that quite lengthy article in performer magazine [ 7 ] and as long as it has editorial IN it is reliable enough for what it covers .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
make your case for term limiting NNP and then let the members decide the matter .	11	12	VBP	decide	decides
the blues , however , fall one converted try short of securing a home NN , which instead goes to VB .	1	5	VBP	fall	falls
march CD the NNP 's death , NNP has his son sent away which VBZ NNP .	5	8	VBZ	has	have
following NN attachment and NN on the host surface , the emerging NN tube VBZ physical NNS such as surface NN and NN , as well as chemical signals including NN NNS that trigger JJ formation .	13	14	VBZ	perceives	perceive
the main colours of the station are pale green and NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is
although the mass of each successive particle follows certain patterns , NNS of the rest mass of most particles can not be made precisely , except for the masses of almost all NNS which have been recently described very well by the model of de NNP .	2	7	VBZ	follows	follow
he VBZ his first mathematics JJ with top grades and , despite previously wanting to be an NN , his ultimate goal is to become a scientist .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
a finite field is a set of numbers with four JJ operations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one such restaurant of global NN is al NNP exclusively in western saudi arabia .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
founded in 1995 , the company has over 300 titles in its catalogue and VBZ in over 25 countries and on the internet .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
if the article claims , directly or by VBG any qualifications , that a version of the prayer is in widespread use , it must cite sources to prove widespread use .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
my opinion is that NNP is trying to remove too much from the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many NNS use chart patterns in an attempt to VB the market .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the home seat of the district is kingston , where NNP grew up and lives , where the district office is located , and where a NN of voters in her district reside .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
commonly large , yet often poorly armed in comparison with JJ combat ships , the best place for a carrier is far behind the front lines , where it can function as a support ship for the larger capital ships .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the most common error is a JJ or JJ specimen .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
recent developments include instruments with four strings VBN like those of a double bass .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP is mainly a high income NN area , generally considered safe labor areas ; however , the electoral district of lee also encompasses west lakes and several more JJ ' suburbs , which has seen the liberal party poll strongly in the past .	19	23	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
per NN , while the rules are good from stopping NN , they are not the purpose of the community and wikipedia is not a NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
you make an excellent point that these NNS require thinking and discussion , but that needs to be accepted by the community .	7	8	VBP	require	requires
the survivor is NNP NNP , who had blown his way out of the NNP pit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , the lack of inline citations makes it JJ to ensure verifiability .	3	7	VBZ	makes	make
roman sources mention several towns in the area , NNP and NNP NNP , though they have not been located .	1	2	VBP	mention	mentions
editor seems to be in a NN at times , and can act a bit JJ because of it .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
some hung sing NNP li NNP branches say that he was born in 1824 and died in 1893 at the age of 69 .	6	7	VBP	say	says
measurements and time limits discussed in this section often vary among tournaments and organizations ; international and nba rules are used in this section .	0	9	VBP	vary	varies
the JJ and JJ scales , each containing only steps of uniform size , have only a single mode each , as any rotation of the sequence results in the same sequence .	4	14	VBP	have	has
other logistics operators include NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
well , in german NNS the authorities regularly find NNS , NNS , NN and NNS with extreme NN levels , far beyond the legal NNS .	6	8	VBP	find	finds
in other words , every fiber is a JJ ( hence finite ) set .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this does not represent any determination by me as to the merits of the deletion , a comment on any legal issue , or a finding that any blp issue is or is not actually raised by the article .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
while rumors VBD that NNP hit NNP so hard that the columnist had to go to the emergency room , the truth is that NNP was merely VBN to the floor and was not injured .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the community has a volunteer fire department .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a long term ban though rather depends on whether the JJ threatening NNS exist or not .	3	6	VBZ	depends	depend
most astronomical artists use traditional painting methods or digital NNS in a way which brings the viewer to the NNS of human knowledge gathered in the exploration of space .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the article is top news on the front page , i believe action must be taken RB to stop this vandalism .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP lawyer tactics , but the truth is dozens of other editors here on wikipedia seem to have severe problems with you to the point of leaving wikipedia altogether because of your NN and harassment .	2	15	VBP	seem	seems
at law , an NN is a person who actively VBZ in the commission of a crime , even though they take no part in the actual criminal offense .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the story ends with NNP stating how far he 's come since that time , and VBG that he and NNP still have sex , but his family is a RB more ordinary .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
from a bit of research , VBG will commonly blow bass NNS -- the situation NNP describes above -- and VBG will cause VBG which can damage the voice NN because of the heat generated .	14	16	VBZ	describes	describe
her darker side , seen in the manga and the NNP series , is not present in the anime series ( though a scene in episode 6 NNS at it ) .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
so , your mention of the expression not being covered in multiple reliable sources is still something i agree upon .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP , phd , author of energy psychology and energy NNP for trauma '' the NNP solution is a NN of VBG NNS , powerful examples from NNP 's clinical practice , and numerous effective and healing exercises that bring the material alive .	4	17	VBZ	is	are
i think this article is completely clean of speculation and actually presents some good information on what is one of the larger sources of discussion .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the penalty for an JJ receiver who is VBN prior to a forward pass being thrown is 15 yards and a loss of down .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
other people write about the NN and the NN .	1	2	VBP	write	writes
a fire VBZ the pier head at NNP pier .	1	2	VBZ	destroys	destroy
the college offers the equivalent of a provincial secondary school graduation diploma ( des ) , diploma of NNP studies ( dec ) , and the french NNP .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
his most frequently used weapons are super JJ NN balls , created by scientists of the NNP plan .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this NN remains intact over 80 years later , although it has been VBN somewhat by subsequent court NNS and legislation regarding specific issues .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
NNS are , however , not generally thought to be a part of the NNP NN as their fossil record starts at upper NNP .	19	20	VBZ	starts	start
or ; no indication this is anything other than an JJ proposal by the creator of the article , and thus not suitable for wikipedia , now matter how potentially useful it may be , or ( RB ) how much effort went into creating it .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
if that same character places a hand over a ball , that hand will not cast a shadow over the ball .	3	4	VBZ	places	place
common box NNS are predominantly terrestrial NNS that are often seen early in the day , or after rain , when they emerge from the shelter of VBG leaves , logs , or a JJ NN to VB .	2	3	VBP	are	is
VBG across two time zones and parts of three television markets , it extremely difficult to campaign in and has few JJ influences .	16	19	VBZ	has	have
its volume means that the business done here is important to the setting of prices for goods and distribution patterns .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
the suite ends with a spanish dance , a RB and JJ piece of JJ , in the style of NNP by NNP 's friend NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the road consists mainly of two lanes , but from NNP to VB it has four lanes .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
JJ period ( beginning in the 4th century bce ) , when NNS are much JJR , VBZ being of badly VBN rough clay , with traces of NNP influence characteristic of la NNP culture ; NN also continues .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the picture features a dramatic composition with a vast array of differing colors and gives an excellent representation of the JJ NNS , complete with JJ , that occur when the weather is just JJ enough but not too JJ and sun is still able to VB through .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the school has approximately one thousand students , and it VBZ pupils from grades six through eight .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
several small mountain ranges VBP through and along the edges of the desert , such as the cedar mountains , NNP mountains , silver island mountains , NNP mountains , NNP mountains , and newfoundland mountains .	2	3	VBZ	ranges	range
however , the history of this square dates back to CD , the year in which philip ii ordered a building to house the royal NNS .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date
the major tributary of the NNP , the NNP river , also mainly flows within the district .	2	13	VBZ	flows	flow
even when the sally port has NNS installed within the door controls and VBG apparatus , the size of the middle space and the physical dimensions and layout of the door NNS will act to VB quick NN of a controlled space through a JJ opening .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the heroes reach the church before NNP and NNP enter .	1	2	VBP	reach	reaches
the set also includes live performances , music videos from songs on the band 's third studio album , and the first JJ interviews with all of the band members .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the information in the article is correct .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the listing includes the NN , rock walls , four NNS , and log house .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
under the VBG schools for the future ' programme , an older building from the 1970s has been demolished and a new one is under construction .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the objectives of the society are to promote the advancement and NN of the knowledge of JJ sciences and aircraft engineering and the elevation of the JJ profession .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the range is too wide to fit in a single article because the applications range from classical mechanics to quantum mechanics .	13	14	VBP	range	ranges
attitudes about homosexuality within NNP often reflect the values and sexual NNS of broader chinese society ( see homosexuality in china ) .	0	6	VBP	reflect	reflects
the length of time the union lasted is contentious , with one source saying it lasted one month , while another says it lasted only a single day and a third indicating it lasted a few days .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
a NNP company , NNP inc , plans to asks permission from united states federal NNS to test a device that would enable JJ people to control computers directly with their NNS or possibly help them move their NNS .	2	7	VBZ	plans	plan
this also sometimes happens where viewers are advised to be aware that the price quoted in big print is subject to the various qualifications in small print .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
the organization holds annual meetings and holds joint meetings every other year with the north carolina philosophical association .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the fall of NNP is a 2005 documentary film about peruvian president alberto NNP , who fled the country for japan in 2000 to avoid facing 21 charges of corruption , murder and human rights NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the film ends with NNP , still VBG NN , driving NNP back to her NN and stopping at a crossing to let young children cross the road .	24	25	VBP	cross	crosses
NNP 's stance , however , is in keeping with that of most other schools which won the NNP title ; only notre dame , which won the NNP crown in 1938 , does not claim a major national title for that year .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
an JJ NN is a type of NN used specifically for cleaning along the NN adjacent to the teeth .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
reference lists are exactly what NNP is about .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ body or JJ body or JJ NN is a small organ found in the neck region of many animals .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
passing through a canyon downstream of sage NNP NNP , the river receives NNP creek from the left before turning southeast and receiving bear creek from the right before leaving grant county and entering NNP county .	11	12	VBZ	receives	receive
the overall loop response is controlled by the two individual NN NNS that VBP the third phase NN while the third NN filter serves a trivial role in terms of gain and phase margin .	22	23	VBZ	serves	serve
first prototype , of three , NNP NNP , NNP , experimental NN , JJ NN NN , first delivered to the royal aircraft establishment on 16 may 1928 , breaks up in the air near NNP this date , the pilot VBG out successfully .	1	30	VBZ	breaks	break
its mascot is the lion , and its colors are purple and black .	8	9	VBP	are	is
during the full moon , when he can not control the curse , his teammates have to VB him but otherwise his NNP form makes him nearly JJ in a JJ fight .	23	24	VBZ	makes	make
the mechanism of formation is identical to JJ formation .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
each move and spell requires a certain amount of time to prepare and VB ( including drawing the weapon , if necessary ) motion capture was used to display such actions for added NN .	1	4	VBZ	requires	require
that format of template for non JJ problems is not acceptable .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the JJ gravity NN dam is CD feet ( 93 m ) tall and was completed in 1967 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the parish falls within the JJ authority of bath and north east somerset which was created in 1996 , as established by the local government act 1992 .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall
defense NNS VBP texas NNP 's tim miller of lying to the court in their claim that only 32 people searched in the area where NNP 's remains were eventually found and that the number was much higher .	1	2	VBP	accuse	accuses
the atmosphere is JJ NN and the climate in winter is cold .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school has around 1000 students aged between JJ ( years 7 to 11 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the constitution of germany , the NNP , which came into effect in 1949 , puts a particular emphasis on human rights .	1	15	VBZ	puts	put
but the thing is , this is VBG considerably the work of everybody else , in order to keep wikipedia in compliance with both the law and our policy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP edition of 1874 has a tendency to `` VB arnold aside when he is right and follow him when he is wrong .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
this template is for creating a JJ appearance for categories of NNS organized by navy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reason i believe this to be true , is that many tax protesters do RB risk conviction and NN to battle against what they would VB as a NN of justice , NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
guest musicians on the album include dawn mitchell on `` voices ( echo ) '' performing lead vocals .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
since the NNP cells are easy to maintain and culture compared to other JJ stem cells , it is convenient do the developmental studies in NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this nuclear skeleton acts as a dynamic support for many specialized events concerning the NN a spread of genetic information ( see below ) .	2	3	VBZ	acts	act
the panel then VBZ the winning and losing designers based on their scores and other NNS .	1	3	VBZ	selects	select
the study of slavery in ancient greece remains a complex subject , in part because of the many different levels of NN , from traditional NN slave through various forms of NN , such as NNP , NNP , and several other classes of JJ .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain
if you identify writers with a known social movement then you can actually verify inclusion through reliable sources , but as it is this list NN for subjective value NNS -- again why most lists are evil .	34	35	VBP	are	is
a special railway line operated by NNP oil NNP runs through the zone from north to south , making it easy for enterprises in the zone to build lines of their own if necessary .	3	9	VBZ	runs	run
the NN holds a number of small flowers which VBP as they grow heavier with the developing fruit .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the church has extensive adjoining buildings ( VBN sunday school , ad 1901 ) which are still used for sunday school as well as NNS , boys ' brigade as well as many other community events such as coffee NNS , dancing and meetings .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this document describes the JJ planning of the coup by agent donald NNP , and execution conducted by the american and british governments .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
the JJS kind of JJ network is a NN NN network , which consists of a single layer of output nodes ; the NNS are fed directly to the NNS via a series of NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
bobby and the detective arrive on the scene and the detective VBZ her to pierce the killer with a nearby pole .	10	11	VBZ	urges	urge
and , unknown to michael and the NNP , the head of the organization is michael 's own older brother .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
ho chi NNP city line is the primary railway line serving vietnam .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
not a single reference , let alone inline , exists on the page .	3	9	VBZ	exists	exist
if you have a great idea that you think should become part of the corpus of knowledge that is wikipedia , the best approach is to have your results published in a peer-reviewed journal or JJ news outlet , and then document your work in an appropriately JJ manner .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP can VB the JJ if the fruit quality is not high .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
each field represents a parameter that is found on the official character NNS at sonic channel .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
as such , NNP research encompasses aspects of professional development or faculty development , such as how teachers can not only improve their expertise in their fields , but also develop their JJ expertise , i .	4	5	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
methods that fall in this category include the NN NNP NN , major contributors in this field today include stephen b .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
the NNS are NN , JJ to green .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the summer following their first year , physics students go to NNP ( under NNP ) in mumbai for practical sessions and in the second year , they go to NNP , NNP .	9	10	VBP	go	goes
NN points out the time study assumes sufficient quantities of railroad cars would be available without delay or NN during this 27 year period and does not factor in the increasing costs of completing the work .	5	6	VBZ	assumes	assume
if this response has nothing to do with the question , just ignore me .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the cycle begins when a strong NN develops a rotating NN a few miles up in the atmosphere .	6	7	VBZ	develops	develop
JJ groups are the most common , just as they are in most JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
women in developing countries are especially vulnerable to being VBN and VBN into the sex trade .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the professors involved in the project form a steering committee , which follows students during their team activities and as NNS of experimental NNS .	1	6	VBP	form	forms
a poker dealer VBZ cards to players and manages the action at a poker table .	2	3	VBZ	distributes	distribute
pipeline is a hollow intense left tube , also available is the shorter NN ( depending on NN direction ) .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
it makes potential NNS come to the light and easier to observe .	3	4	VBP	come	comes
the prince is JJ that she should walk into his father 's castle and VBZ that he should VB a coach and seven to carry her .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the example of this kind of study is the study on NNP NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the JJ liner allows a small amount of cooling air to pass through it , providing cooling benefits similar to film cooling .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
li states that there are many cultivation ways in the NNP and buddha schools which are unrelated to secular religions and are often handed down from master to VB in secret or `` has always been practiced RB , either among the NN or deep in the mountains .	1	4	VBP	are	is
i am concerned that the article does not fully represent the mainstream view that his theories are fringe and have had no lasting impact outside the new thought movement .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the college provides a gymnasium , library , NN , school hall as well as drama and music facilities .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
like section 2 ( 1 ) ( a ) , this requires an existing liability to make payment but , unlike ( a ) , it does not require that the NN knows they are `` letting the defendant off '' .	31	32	VBZ	knows	know
the small dome VBG on the church tower has an image of the NNP michael that is often mistaken as a portrait of NNP .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
the present NNP local residential area VBN around NNP north station has a population of about CD , with a shop or two , and a pub called the NNP arms .	5	11	VBZ	has	have
in this park 12 NNS of notable NNS are to be seen which are made by different iranian artists .	4	8	VBP	are	is
this version has a new front end , no NN NNS , and a round `` NNP '' badge in the top center of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however the reliability of NNP - and thus those NNS who quoted him - is highly suspect , especially when he wrote about egypt ( his work on greek society is apparently much more reliable ) .	26	30	VBZ	is	are
its boundaries are penn and newton NNP to the west , the canadian pacific railway tracks to the north , interstate 94 to the east , and NNP avenue to the south .	1	2	VBP	are	is
when the player is over an enemy target and there is no cloud cover , the enemy will typically fire NN , which can damage the plane , NN or kill NNS , or set the plane on fire .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the final step is to evaluate whether the NN clause should not be enforced on public policy grounds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a black , green , or purple question mark serves as his visual NN .	8	9	VBZ	serves	serve
some people go to great lengths to collect these sorts of promotional toys .	1	2	VBP	go	goes
university officials describe it as `` the first JJ institution of this scale in the world .	1	2	VBP	describe	describes
basic layout for a completed structure 's JJ guideline provides a layout for a basic NN .	1	9	VBZ	provides	provide
the company also offers VBD customer service and data center operations .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the level of liquid then acts as a measure of both pressure and volume flow .	1	5	VBZ	acts	act
the strip , like many others in the comic , often derives its NN from JJ events .	1	11	VBZ	derives	derive
from this finding it has been VBN that social identity theory is therefore unable to deal with bias on negative dimensions .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
her former husband , also obama 's inaugural NNP , is a former teammate of michelle obama 's brother craig robinson on the princeton university basketball team .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the name of the town comes from the island NNP , since that was the original NN .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
the 1 , JJ canal , designed mainly for irrigation , is JJ for CD kilometers from its JJ terminus .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
a JJ match is not necessarily close .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although some characters have learned to VB this and speak RB , the use of word NNS forms several important plot points .	13	17	VBZ	forms	form
the israeli settlement of NNP NNP is in the area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the school has NN from NNP up to senior secondary classes .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the most common NN compounds have five or six NNS in their ring .	4	5	VBP	have	has
this species is sometimes considered to be VBN with the cape NNP , NNP NN of southern cape province , in which case the nominate western form is s .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
i 've tested this and it seems to choose the one with the lower NN if the NN values are equal , which is n't JJ on large projects ( see birthday NN ) .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the requirements for the course are b .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this combination of words has no special meaning , and neither does it define a subject which needs an article to explain it .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
as JJ NN is a JJ therapy , it is assumed that the client is healthy and their problem is a result of NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP road is a regional road in dublin , ireland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the whole county has CD , CD inhabitants .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the points i raised in the rfc are perfectly valid , because NNP and ab were driving this rfc , essentially .	1	7	VBP	are	is
particular details on how this is implemented are a separate issue - by NN , by NNS , by column , by something else .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the results show was aired live on tuesday 16 august 2011 .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
where errors can be a problem , is if lots of other reliable sources report on the NN of a source .	9	14	VBP	report	reports
limited edition art prints are now the standard method of marketing paintings and similar works to the general public .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in the future , if nuclear power is the major energy source , then this may be needed ( until we run out of uranium ( or NN ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in a further move away from their charter NNPS have stated according to NNP NNP and al NNP `` the question of VBG israel is not the jurisdiction of one faction , nor the government , but a decision for the palestinian people .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
some essays carry full weight , but are not VBN as policies or guidelines for various reasons .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries
various sports and leisure activities are available ( tennis , NN , VBG , a climbing wall , JJ boats , freshwater and trout fishing , an JJ NN and an animal park .	1	5	VBP	are	is
so the solution to this problem is NNP model that can estimate real-time power consumption for individual NNP VBZ such as cpu , NNP , NNP , audio , NNP and cell phone communication components .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
if such a consensus has been formed , yet a minority of multiple editors are making edits against the consensus , or a single editor using a dynamic ip address continues to make such edits , displaying a public message may be necessary .	24	30	VBZ	continues	continue
the sourcing quality is not good at all ; [ 1 ] is a travel site ; [ 2 ] is a wikipedia mirror ( !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a certain kind of inlet created by NN is a NN , typically but not always in mountainous NNS and also in NN lakes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the album includes the first five parts of the song `` trapped in the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the book of NNP also includes an early discussion of the treatment of skin diseases .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include
its membership comprises hundreds of music companies including all four POS ' record companies ( warner music group , emi , sony NNP , and universal music group ) , associate members such as manufacturers and NNS , and hundreds of independent music companies representing thousands of labels .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
today , as NNP university college of medicine , the institution continues its historic commitment to women 's health education .	10	11	VBZ	continues	continue
the reform programme is a work in progress .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some tunnels are NNS to supply water for consumption or for JJ stations or are NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the two layers of the NN have different properties .	2	6	VBP	have	has
the squad and date is now up to date , and the competitions have been linked to .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
sarah NNP of the boston globe called NNP `` mad as hell , but because he 's a NN with a JJ sense of humor that VBZ NN and NN , the songs stand as songs , not just VB VBG .	32	33	VBP	stand	stands
NNP 's friends find him , move the NN inside , and then put it near the NN so it VBZ to free NNP .	2	3	VBP	find	finds
just a simple speedy deletion is enough like or -- NN , camp NNP fan !	4	5	VBZ	is	are
monster NNP has been closed and its replacement is unknown .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's mother is an NN of national school of drama .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the important point is to keep the content .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS such as NNP NNP argue that legal aid is essential in providing individuals with access to justice , by allowing the individual legal enforcement of economic , social and cultural rights .	0	5	VBP	argue	argues
the common NNS for the city , which are primarily used in railway services and on road signs , are frankfurt ( main ) , frankfurt ( m ) , frankfurt a .	2	19	VBP	are	is
the building architecture includes VBG arches to match the JJ style that occurred throughout the early buildings .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
the gods in this temple are NNP NNP ( NNP ) and his consort NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
VBG to sign a post or two is not a big issue at all - even some experienced editors do it occasionally !	18	19	VBP	do	does
if the other acts in good faith , the situation is almost always resolved .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the club plays gaelic football and competes in NNP NNP competitions .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
while no guidelines say that high schools are inherently notable , consensus at every afd for the past several years has indicated that they are .	6	7	VBP	are	is
also , plenty of NNS ( some as deep as 500 km ) occur in the NN , as their NNS indicate that they are below the NN yet they are still felt on land .	20	21	VBP	indicate	indicates
the lowest shaft station is most often the point where rock leaves the mine levels and is transferred to the shaft , if so a loading pocket is VBN on one side of the shaft at this location to allow transfer facilities to be built .	10	11	VBZ	leaves	leave
the NN link gives at least a minor assertion of notability , but NNP it just is not enough , thus this afd .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
the article appears to be about the phrase , not the tendency .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
however , her plans for NNP go well beyond the kiss of life .	3	6	VBP	go	goes
the book VBZ around NNP NNP , a version of the famous novelist .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
just for the sake of argument , suppose i found 9 journalists who stated that NNP 's work is POS NN .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP cells are mostly JJ cells containing so-called NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
basically the text of the decision of the court itself is in the public domain , but anything , and i mean anything , added by a commercial publisher is copyrighted .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
joint defense agreements are not contracts which create whatever rights that NNS chose , but are written notice of NNS ' NN of privileges set forth in common law .	2	3	VBP	are	is
subsequently NNP has contributed quality content on related material , so possibly his response is a fair one .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the JJ rivalry is the oldest NN football rivalry in the american state of north carolina between wake forest university demon NNP and the university of north carolina NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
so the magnetic force required to VB the beam is greater than would be expected .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the pyramid has a base length of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other actors in the film include time winters and samuel child .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
oh the person is dead '' does not matter if the venue where the image was taken was private .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
high profile people from NNP include football coach bill walsh , figure NN NNP NNP , and treasurer of the united states rosa NNP NNP .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
public domain images continue to be one of the most popular types of clip art because the image rights are free .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
NNP has always done that the goal is to remove any mention when the opposite is true .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the following season was a time for NN , but the club has the stated NN to win the NNP premier division title again and join JJ NNP at a higher level of football .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
this category contains past and present players of NNP NNP f .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
its name derives from the cream VBZ it served in former decades .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
part of the NN of areas is the NN .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
thing is , not everything in life is positive , especially in an encyclopedia about everything .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
management study program offers some concentrations which the students can choose according to what they want and what their talents are .	19	20	VBP	are	is
women 's college is the most famous women 's college of the district .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP , whose work marks his grave .	4	5	VBZ	marks	mark
in JJ biology , the killer NN NNP family is a family of killer NNS , which includes the NNP killer NN from the NN NN NNP NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
neutral very NN NN but oppose votes raise concern .	6	7	VBP	raise	raises
the NN surrounding the cells has a higher concentration of salt than the fluid within the cells , but the cell fluid has a higher concentration of other NNS .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
the school was notable before it was taken over by whatever corporation runs it now , and it has a long history in portland .	11	12	VBZ	runs	run
light industries are yet to VB in the municipality to generate much needed employment .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as a screenwriter , his record is brilliant , including NNP ( directed by jacques NNP 1967 ) , NNP NNP sur NN ( j .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
low NN force ( NNP ) is a technology used in integrated circuit NNS that are designed so the force required to insert or remove a package is low .	19	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP harbour the primary activity is commercial fishing for NNS , NN , NN , NN , NN , and NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the name POS ' probably comes from the animal 's odd look .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come
but NNP NNP is to be VBN for one thing , he is trying to apply the rules on a page where people want something .	22	23	VBP	want	wants
according to NNP NNP NNP , the district includes the JJ NNP ) , NNP or NNP and NNP , and its elevation ranges from 2 , 800 meters in NNP , to 6 , CD meters in the mountain copa north .	22	23	VBZ	ranges	range
the objective is to VB the everyday tasks that it teams are faced with so they are able to focus on more important areas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other thermal VBG technologies include JJ NNS and NNS , and JJ VBN NN NNS .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the tower is in three stages with a wide west NN over which is a JJ window .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP town 1970 the estate has two JJ NNS ( NNP and NNP terrace ) linked to a JJ square ( sussex square ) by NNP crescent , an double curve of 28 NN houses with large JJ NNS at regular intervals .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
its name is a JJ NN using the title the NNP and the term fan film .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to direct listeners to the service , the nfl has banned local NNS from VBG nfl games on the internet , although several stations still broadcast the games anyway and enforcement of this ban is JJ .	23	25	VBP	broadcast	broadcasts
there is even disagreement about the term `` NN '' itself ; experts such as david NNP and NNP NNP choose to VB JJ songs from the definition but include JJ piano and JJ piano ( a modern perspective ) , while edward a .	12	20	VBP	choose	chooses
the mill is an JJ , JJ building with NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rapid city area 's first NN is usually in october , although higher NNS sometimes receive significant snow in september .	14	16	VBP	receive	receives
NNP gives me sufficient comfort that were a similar incident to occur again , a quick an effective remedy is in place .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the neighbouring city is NNP in the state of uttar pradesh .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB , newer models also include a side NN , which provides users with an JJ NN of their photography .	3	5	VBP	include	includes
jewish and christian translations often differ .	3	5	VBP	differ	differs
the houses of NNP remain his most lasting legacy and within a few NNS stand a dozen or so buildings designed , built and altered by him throughout his career .	1	4	VBP	remain	remains
numerous experimental studies indeed support a functional role of JJ NNS ; a unified interpretation , however , is still lacking .	2	4	VBP	support	supports
this involved process makes VBN bullets far more expensive on average than cast bullets .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
difficult to survive in and home to beings entirely alien to human conception , this region is largely JJ of noteworthy NNS .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
if different leaf NN NNS are an issue , or they are an JJ variable , then using y ( ii ) instead of NNP , may be the best choice .	4	5	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP has VBN that the characters in the young ones form the basis of a classic nuclear family , comprising neil as the mother figure , mike as the father figure and NNP and rick as the children .	6	11	VBP	form	forms
anyway the guy is still not notable and hence the article should be deleted .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this NN appears to have begun with the march 5 , 1940 show , `` cleaning the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
in the end , even when her own father takes JJ measures in order to pay for all the costs , crystal gets neither her choice car nor choice performer .	8	9	VBZ	takes	take
that is to say , the 3 definitions in the lead are there for good cause , and considerable debate has taken place over the years to arrive there .	7	11	VBP	are	is
i simply can not agree with the idea that any kind of censorship is good , especially in a free encyclopedia that anyone can edit .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
however , if not socks , these seem to be NNS at the very least .	4	7	VBP	seem	seems
jazz music outlets , live theater , live concerts and sports events are available IN the whole week .	2	4	VBP	live	lives
each indigenous NN pays a sum into the NN .	2	3	VBZ	pays	pay
besides , we might observe that the persons who happen to label these as NNS tend to work in a particular profession .	14	15	VBP	tend	tends
the phi life NNP version of `` NNP NNP '' appears on the b-side album NNP , and in concert the song has been performed by phi life NNP as well as NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , and NNP .	4	10	VBZ	appears	appear
the film is the ninth and last film to be produced by NNP 's fantastic factory label .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only express bus route is the NNP , which operates during rush hours only .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
although the site shows signs of continuous occupation from before 3000 bc , its power grew and reached its NN in the second half of the following millennium .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
however , alternate theories regard the yield protection as a myth VBN by college students who failed to gain admission to elite universities .	3	4	VBP	regard	regards
it is not appropriate to write that the number of NNS is x .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
this criteria is similar as it stands now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
well her arm is better now and so she can VB and lift two NNS ( each with about 8 NN of dirt ) at a time once again .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i guess i can see how that picture is `` JJ '' .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the novel 's NNP calendar year is ad CD , but it is referred to in the book as NNP CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the video 's protagonist is a small , JJ being , who lives and VBZ in a JJ room RB decorated with a bed , table and chair inside an abandoned mansion .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the image VBZ to the reader that they are reading the right article and VBZ the NNS brand identity in way that text could not .	1	2	VBZ	confirms	confirm
the institutions written in bold have been destinations for at least one student of the class of 2012 ; the numbers written in the NNS VBP the number of NNP graduates ( class of 2009 through class of 2012 ) VBN at a given school .	20	25	VBP	depict	depicts
december - a jury at NNP crown court finds NNP campbell guilty on all seven counts of attempted murder relating to the NNP NN JJ attack five months previously .	3	8	VBZ	finds	find
the red rain ones are fine , since the phenomenon is not expected to repeat .	3	4	VBP	are	is
august 2009 ( utc ) ( these two pages contain enough info hopefully [ 4 ] - how to VB ' with NN , and [ 5 ] making decisions .	8	9	VBP	contain	contains
keep plenty of sources , and a JJ street is notable .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the study shows higher NN activity from about 70 , 000 to 28 , 000 years ago .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the page is currently not in a position to meet fa .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the editors in question are content in leaving the page to look like a fan page for this wrestler .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the walls are predominantly JJ with some red NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
however it is widely believed that negotiations are underway with egypt as NN .	6	7	VBP	are	is
these programs include business administration , public administration , library and information science , sociology , economics , commerce , rural development and political science in the distance mode of learning .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the president is the chair of the senate and s member of the board .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the president of the commission , since december 2009 , is the former secretary general mr NNP NNP , professor at the university of oslo , is elected 1st vice-president .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNP edition of 1934 , which followed a JJ edition of the same year , quotes two other famous literary NNS .	2	16	VBZ	quotes	quote
this could mean that NN ' effects are JJ or at least are JJ .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNP , for the same reasons as above , except that in this case the topics listed are even more diverse .	15	17	VBP	are	is
NNP VBD that the reason for the NN effect in impression formation is that the first traits learned produce the general direction in which an impression will be formed .	16	18	VBP	produce	produces
while NN is abundant the entire year in almost the entire state , the NN tends to have a slightly JJR summer , while inland march tends to be the JJS month .	14	15	VBZ	tends	tend
due to the difficult conditions , the line has three NNS used to VB particularly tight spots .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the camera takes one more shocked look from sandy , as he walks away .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
part of the education department , the project aims to develop the literacy of youth through the performing and visual arts .	0	8	VBZ	aims	aim
when used in conjunction with the NNP phone while in NNP , its finishing attack is the trigger NNP burst .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
it sounds like it 's just silence after the song ends , but if the volume is turned up high , the band members can be heard VBG around in the studio .	9	10	VBZ	ends	end
his acting roles are trivial , and i have no clue about his status as a fashion model .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the indian election commission VBZ railways minister NNP NNP for allegations of electoral NN .	3	4	VBZ	investigates	investigate
the two reservation tribes , the NNP and NNP , are not part of the federal recognition bill .	3	10	VBP	are	is
the basic mechanism of the NNP NN involves NN of the free NN group , JJ JJ attack on the JJ NN carbon , and NN of the newly freed NN .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately south-east of NNP and south-east of warsaw .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 5 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP code , CD , serves most of bedford township outside of the NNP area .	3	7	VBZ	serves	serve
keep - i have to agree that a mass nomination is not appropriate here .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
other than this difference , NNP 's wings appear to grant the same abilities .	7	8	VBP	appear	appears
previously , the NN clip indicates a NN showing different talk shows in NNS inside is shown with a rock NN , then the words chat NNP hit the top , VBG it .	4	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
other techniques used to expand his band 's sound repertoire require forms of instrumental NN , for example , on the tool song , `` NNP '' , jones uses a talk box .	1	10	VBP	require	requires
with its high speeds , tall heights and rapid changes in both direction and elevation , the attraction is one of the most aggressive NN rides in the park .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the window at the west end of the NN has three lights , and the east window consists of three stepped NNS .	16	17	VBZ	consists	consist
yes , yes this article is not yet ready to be a fa .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
mathematical topics typically emerge and VBP through interactions among many researchers .	1	3	VBP	emerge	emerges
the changes he is making are strongly contested on the talk page and the image he is trying to insert is the same as one that has been deleted by admins on several NNS as a copyright violation .	14	20	VBZ	is	are
this has been linked to the exposed breast on the female figure , spirit of justice ( the male counterpart is majesty of law ) .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
several influential texts on women 's medicine , dealing with NNS and NN , among other topics , are also often attributed to NNP .	2	18	VBP	are	is
when the NNP and NNP discover the NNP VBD in the location where NNP NNP was , NNP NNP speaks to them from within the mask , telling them that the future is their own to build .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
in fact , interviews with top executives at one firm reveal that the improvement of manufacturing processed is very much a consideration in their investments .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the digital transmitter site is on mt .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
people using NN without previously having NN do so because standard products containing NN or other VBG agents are not effective for their skin and due to price and active JJ strength .	11	18	VBP	are	is
it only shows one album listed so my concern is the same , for a group that has been active for nearly three decades there is still a lack of reliable sources .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
her usual practice is to make this experience JJ by using categories translated from the work of a NN outside the study of art , such as maurice NNP , ferdinand de NNP , jacques NNP , NNP NNP , jacques NNP , georges NNP , or roland NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the following example is equivalent to the above example but without using the except operator .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while activists in the movement may share a collective identity to some extent , views range along a NN from conservative to radical in relation to psychiatric treatment and levels of resistance or NN .	14	15	VBP	range	ranges
that significant new information needs to overcome the reason for the initial deletion .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
the school belongs to NNP regional council , and is part of the israeli state education system .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
in others , only the upper grade levels get to participate .	7	8	VBP	get	gets
the company holds the exclusive distribution rights to toyota ( the country 's biggest selling brand ) , NNP , NNP , bmw , NNP , and NNP diesel .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the JJS NN represents the greatest number in the data set and the JJS NN representing the least number .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent
recent research in sweden has established that JJ NNS are less JJ to NNP owing to an NN between NNP NN and infection .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the film ends with a NN of footage from collins ' funeral .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the dj is not heard on the music video , which shows the band VBG a helicopter that goes down in flames after the pilots leave them behind .	24	25	VBP	leave	leaves
if one hunter gets a larger animal such as a ( JJ ) or a NN ( FW de monte ) , everybody in the village shares the meat .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
RB NNS on the horses indicate the NN was originally track driven , but the track mechanism was replaced at some point with a 1935 mechanism built by NNP engineering , when the entire NN was VBN to the jumping format present today .	1	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
personality and topic approaches vary between users .	3	4	VBP	vary	varies
the southern coastal plain JJ NN dome is a JJ NN community found the in the southern atlantic coastal plain , in the states of alabama , florida , georgia , louisiana , and mississippi .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the prison is the second that NNP , NNP , and NNP have been VBN in , and at least the third one NN has been in .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the album appears several times in the 2000 film high NNP .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
articles for more recent season contain additional information .	0	5	VBP	contain	contains
the park has a relatively steep , rolling NN compared to the surrounding region .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
seek membership in their local NNP club after their JJ membership ends .	10	11	VBZ	ends	end
east NNP station is about 30 yards from the JJ east NNP bridge taking foot and road passengers across the river , one of only four such bridges between NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this objection is hard to work around .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the claim the great wall of china is visible from outer space has been VBN many times , but is still VBN in popular culture .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
where one party 's is greater than the other 's , the smaller claim will be terminated and the greater NN .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
if this user really is a long-term contributor , at some point they need to begin following site NNS .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
c phone lines ) , yet the fact being that i asked what my friend that really is not a friend wanted to do ; watch television ( new cable ) or listen to music .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
as a legal author , NNP deals mainly with law of NN and tax law , his historical publications deal mainly with the history of german student corps .	18	19	VBP	deal	deals
this position is very important since NNS may VB to it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if arbcom feels its membership is too small , then lets discuss increasing its size .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
lets remember that we are writing an encyclopedia which means that as NNP above stated - we should be providing a NN overview .	0	1	VBP	remember	remembers
some NNS continue from there to nearby NNP , pennsylvania .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
the NNP open NNP standard is not the same as the NNP specification defined by matthew NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's edits so far seem solely to promote himself as an expert on these topics and to VB anyone who gets in his way .	2	5	VBP	seem	seems
candidates now wear head protection and NN shields as well as boxing NNS .	0	2	VBP	wear	wears
the JJS JJ system includes a general JJ list ( or JJ file ) to record all the tasks the person needs to VB , and a daily NN list which is created each day by transferring tasks from the general JJ list .	20	21	VBZ	needs	need
richmond residents lack the necessary forms of official identification that are required to access financial institutions , jobs , housing , and NNS for the home and NN .	1	2	VBP	lack	lacks
the spirit , in that we do not trust NN sources to be reliable reporters of such incidents ; and trust only what reliable sources have determined is worth reporting .	20	27	VBZ	is	are
when player arrives back in new jersey , he finds that eric has changed .	1	2	VBZ	arrives	arrive
a company demonstrates the first practical NN of NN for large 3d objects .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the two connections allow any trains originating from the west of NNP , regardless of line , to VB at either NNP or new york penn station .	2	3	VBP	allow	allows
each vehicle has its own characteristics that consist of primary NNS , secondary weapons , speed , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN , non-profit organization aims to increase the level of awareness on current environmental issues and what actions can be done through power of broadcasting and other media campaigns locally , nationally and RB .	4	5	VBZ	aims	aim
on 13 january 1976 , NNP and the twins are killed when a train strikes her car on a level crossing .	13	14	VBZ	strikes	strike
the page also suffers from frequent vandalism and does n't seem to be going anywhere .	1	3	VBZ	suffers	suffer
as author , NN or editor of more than 30 books , NNP writes regularly for the NNP NNP edited by NNP NNP ( NNP , 2007 ) .	1	13	VBZ	writes	write
the centre of the district is the city of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i do n't think this promotional article shows notability .	6	7	VBZ	shows	show
the most common suggestion for year of death is CD ( see for instance the NNP NNP and the american artists NNP [ 1 ] ) whereas microsoft NNP suggests CD .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the 1903 new jersey hurricane , also known as the NNP hurricane by the press of atlantic city , is the most recent north atlantic hurricane to make first NN in the state of new jersey .	4	19	VBZ	is	are
in addition to apple and JJ NNS , various cream NNS are available .	10	11	VBP	are	is
this is because in marriage , sexual relations are to be expected , and if the defense claims consent , then the JJ burden is a very difficult burden for the prosecution to discharge .	16	17	VBZ	claims	claim
even if a few JJ NNS were found , no two people agree that often .	11	12	VBP	agree	agrees
a large size is the major reason for d .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
apart from the NN itself , an instruction normally also has one or more NNS for NNS ( i .	7	10	VBZ	has	have
the main NNS are agriculture and animal NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNS have no windows apart from NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the film features NNP , NNP and NNP in lead roles .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the NNP NN is a membrane NN that RB measures the activity of NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a past version of NNP from spider-man 's college days appears as a member of the NNP six and battles the reality VBG NNP spider-man .	2	10	VBZ	appears	appear
being in such close contact with NNP , NNP begins to suspect that the minister 's illness is the result of some JJ guilt .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the burden of proof is on you , wikipedia is not the place for original research .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the change over from sport to sport takes place in a designated transition area .	1	7	VBZ	takes	take
meanwhile , dancer ( NNP ) falls in love with NNP .	2	6	VBZ	falls	fall
the synagogue is `` [ p ] RB next door '' to the clinton st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the sanctuary has two NNS and retains the original NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i do n't think article talk page helps , as he could say that i was wrong to remove stuff that is `` JJ '' and `` unnecessary '' .	6	7	VBZ	helps	help
people rarely pick up NNS anymore like they did in the 40 's and 50 's .	0	2	VBP	pick	picks
the worldwide NNP corporation , with a NN of one billion NNP , consists of two companies in germany and one each in the netherlands , austria , france , switzerland , spain , romania , bulgaria , slovenia , united kingdom and the u .	3	13	VBZ	consists	consist
also your stance on NN seems to go against what you have said on the matter in the past .	2	5	VBZ	seems	seem
ha cluster NNS attempt to build NN into a cluster to eliminate single points of failure , including multiple network connections and data storage which is RB connected via storage area networks .	2	3	VBP	attempt	attempts
an adaptation of a local NNP game , each tribe takes turns playing a game where one team is required to hit balls into the field the opposing team is in .	1	10	VBZ	takes	take
the main JJ roads roads are NNP road and NNP road .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the turning point of the movie is here .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i am not the subject , the NNP article is .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the cities of NNP heights , NNP heights , castle hills , hill country village , hollywood park , NNP , leon valley , NNP park , NNP park , and NNP hills are all NNS of san antonio .	1	33	VBP	are	is
ad i am VBG my vessel which has suffered a nuclear accident and is a possible source of radiation danger .	0	13	VBZ	is	are
this dark blue solid is a metal complex .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it should be obvious and easy to determine ( without any special effort ) whether an editor has any special powers or rights .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
the care of the sites falls under the NN of the ministry of culture 's department of archaeology .	1	5	VBZ	falls	fall
the cast is a mixture of experienced voice actors and young NNP members .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS consist of NNS , NNS , NNS or NNS in the NNP gene .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
the articles here contain a vast and helpful amount of information and resources .	1	3	VBP	contain	contains
the christmas island red NN , NNP NN , is a species of land NN that is endemic to christmas island and the NNP ( VBG ) islands in the indian ocean .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
the game is a video NN , judging individuals performances .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the beach tends to be very rocky and has a reputation for being a JJ beach , despite laws against NN on rhode island 's beaches .	3	4	VBZ	tends	tend
some NNS believe that indian has lost its pace for the development due to the reservation in india , since more capable persons were not offered the positions which they VBD on the bases of acts done in past .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
NN , is the work that an editor does to improve the formatting , style , and accuracy of a manuscript .	7	8	VBZ	does	do
wikipedia issues are NNS of history worth NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
putting the list on wiki gives the reader an extra handle to find the information , in my JJ opinion this extra NNS are one of the major advantages of an electronic encyclopedia .	22	23	VBP	are	is
natural sources of this JJ acid are the seed NNS of NN , NN , corn NN and NN , and the NN NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is
when NNP returns to earth , his friends are dead and gone and his faith , once considered worthy of actual NN by his NNS , is merely an extension of his bitter anger with the god who sent him to NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the NN lead feels more like an introduction to the topic than a summary .	2	3	VBZ	feels	feel
NN , your NN is JJ , but when you start heading towards an JJ pattern its best to identify then correct .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these estates include NNP house , NNP , london ( now the royal academy of arts ) ; NNP house , london NNP ; NNP hall , yorkshire ; bolton abbey , yorkshire ; NNP castle , county NNP , ireland .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the prospect of becoming a mother leads NNP to track down her real parents .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead
so far the only people that have ever been able to VB monarch are the NNP chris kent ( who died after performing such a massive attack ) and NNP .	4	13	VBP	are	is
NNP , NNP NNP each player has 3 minutes to complete a course with 4 stations , firing from an unstable platform at each .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the years listed below are the years the novels or NNS were originally issued .	1	4	VBP	are	is
for desktop systems , the default mode is usually a JJ user interface , although the NNP is available through terminal NN windows or on a separate virtual console .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
i VBP with the NN issue , although the equations read correctly on my screen .	9	10	VBP	read	reads
the song is a west coast variant of `` the message '' whereas the title is VBG a name of the most VBN song in hip-hop history , `` good times '' by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the user is JJ what NNP standard they have on their bicycle or what is compatible , it is advised to seek help at a local bike shop or with a licensed NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP ] ] , whose only edits are in the NNP article ( still no response in the talk page ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the village has a ( for its number of inhabitants quite large ) JJ church , designed by alfred NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the more NNP NNS fall in value against gold , the more obvious it becomes that gold will remain the only store of value - just by reading the balance sheet of the NNP .	3	4	VBP	fall	falls
and tourist guides are only authorities on JJ issues .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the conference attracts over 1 , 100 students and professionals from across the country , and is consistently the largest gathering of JJ minority medical students in the us .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
laboratory scientists also VBP with NNP JJ researchers studying the structure and function of hiv and NNP proteins .	1	3	VBP	collaborate	collaborates
NN has caused modern versions of some languages that were previously highly VBN to be much less so ; an excellent example is modern english , as compared to old english .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the NNP service carries the number of NNP 38 .	2	3	VBZ	carries	carry
the highest division is the m .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the park contains two nature trails and three hiking trails .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the story plays on the popular NN , '' is blind ' but is also a VBG NN on our country 's NN with caste and class .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
another thing to consider as well is that , per my original !	1	6	VBZ	is	are
to VB these points suggest that ai research NNS human life .	3	4	VBP	suggest	suggests
JJ women and children , including NNS , from rural areas are the most vulnerable to trafficking .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the album title is a NN of the title of the band 's album NNP drop , which the original versions of the songs VBN are from .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first staff lawyer for the electronic frontier foundation , NNP sees his role as laying the foundations for `` RB democratic NN media '' .	3	11	VBZ	sees	see
if a potential NN approaches the nest , the adult will walk away from the NN , calling to attract the NN and VBG a broken wing .	3	4	VBZ	approaches	approach
the cover art is by NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
neil armstrong works at the NNP in one of the few photos take of him on the moon .	2	12	VBP	take	takes
sources differ as to whether or not the union army caught and VBD her .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
the article says `` NNP of the NN about army chief comes as the high level of u .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
the role the ussr played in the june 1967 war , between the state of israel and the surrounding arab countries , remains RB debated .	1	22	VBZ	remains	remain
it is noteworthy that the JJ model is complete if and only if one adds the contact force between the ground and the ball .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
RB ( anne NNP ) is a soldier from CD , where humanity is on the NN of extinction because of the `` NNP '' , an alien race .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
JJ JJ - major rewrite candidate , reads like it is a resume for the artist .	5	7	VBZ	reads	read
the delaware VBN in the early hours of 29 june at at NNP ( as per NNP NN ) the record level of the river at NNP is , and flood stage is .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
his NNS with south american NNS and jazz NNS influence his earliest compositions .	1	9	VBP	influence	influences
the municipality also contains one additional urban area , NNP , with a population of 2 , CD .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the landscape around NNP is part of the NNP slate mountains .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
at the NN , the doctors and police reveal that paul was killed by carbon NN NN , the pipe having been used to connect the NN of mike 's car to the vault NN .	5	8	VBP	reveal	reveals
his head goes so low that it VBZ through the ground .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
NNS shift is the difference ( in NN or frequency units ) between positions of the band NN of the NN and NN NN ( NN and NNP being two examples ) of the same electronic transition .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
then NNP advocates merging , despite himself saying that the subject is non-notable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
and the question is completely out of line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the resolution also claims for NNP the right to elect their own constituent assembly .	1	3	VBZ	claims	claim
the concrete composite is then in the range of 30 to 50 NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the club also has several secondary NNS from local and regional businesses including black rock , NNP island and NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
when the folk dance is properly correct , the actor would get their next clue .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
saying what actually happened is more useful for the reader , and the name of the operation is a secondary concern relative to what it actually accomplished .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
therefore , the general definition of an ethnic NN is a RB defined space with characteristic cultural identity and economic activity .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
another important village is NNP situated on the banks of tributary of the NNP river , from which the name POS ' has been derived .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
helicopters and other fast moving land and airborne objects are available .	0	9	VBP	are	is
june 2007 ( utc ) NNP 's page indicates that he 's gone on a NN .	7	8	VBZ	indicates	indicate
part of the way hosts can be involved in the NNP is to welcome experienced editors who visit the NN but are n't hosts .	0	11	VBZ	is	are
events for horses , cattle , NNS , NNS and birds are huge and attract many visitors .	0	11	VBP	are	is
this specification also includes the required NN NNS and NN , JJ NN , cable NN , and protective covers .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
NNP , the NNP NN fighter is a better example -- it was initially funded entirely by NNP like the other two you mentioned , but unlike your examples , they kept it secret for ten years !	5	6	VBZ	is	are
indeed , mathematical NN will show that the three NNS presented here are RB equivalent .	9	12	VBP	are	is
sounds like you need to consider the difference between voltage and current .	0	3	VBP	need	needs
her residence is away from the city area .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
calling it a film seems to be misleading .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
other possibilities for black include 5 .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the mark left by the NN hitting the floor is still visible .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
this category contains college baseball teams who compete in the national collegiate athletic association ( ncaa ) at the division ii level in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
his current ( inactive ) NNP rating is CD according to NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the second part stems from the old english `` NN '' , which meant PRP or accessible land ' .	2	3	VBZ	stems	stem
the alternative name `` NNP '' simply means people who were there before the current population .	2	7	VBZ	means	mean
each team plays a seven game season .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
other arts have schools , NNS , NNS in high places .	1	2	VBP	have	has
JJ form closely resemble specimens of the JJ NN , but can always be distinguished by the somewhat JJ NN of the NN , while on the JJ both NNS bear a large JJ brown patch on the NN wing RB .	29	30	VBP	bear	bears
now , table salt is not good for you in the long run , but the body is RB capable of VBG JJ NNS .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
national road 160 begins near the centre of the district and runs south west into NNP .	1	3	VBZ	begins	begin
this section of the stream VBZ NNP on its left bank from NNP and NNP on its right .	1	5	VBZ	separates	separate
the american theatrical cut , the NNP , now enjoys modest success on home video and dvd as a cult favorite .	3	9	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
this NN shelter is available for NN for a variety of events .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bacteria use two different strategies for transcription NN - JJ NN and JJ NN .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
NN analysis can be used by JJ NNS to determine whether two or more samples of explosives are of a common origin .	14	17	VBP	are	is
the NNP NNP temple has extraordinary wooden NNS dating back to at least 14th century .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the exact number of speakers is difficult to determine because native speakers do not wish to be identified due to local conflict , such as the NN ( `` massacre '' ) of 1932 and the laws passed that made speaking NNP illegal .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the main local organization that promotes and supports the `` status and interests '' of australia 's female christmas NNP is the christmas island women 's association , a group that was established in 1989 .	3	20	VBZ	is	are
the problem is not a list per se , but whether it is organized according to systematic criteria or no .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
with her british accent , people find it hard to see them as sisters .	5	6	VBP	find	finds
once the firing solution is calculated , many modern JJ systems are also able to aim and fire the weapon ( s ) .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the northern most mound in the triangle , mound c , is also a dome shaped mound and measures in height , with the base being by .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
people who care about their subject , but not about JJ trivia , are JJ to be somewhat VBN from contributing .	0	13	VBP	are	is
most articles , including lists , start out as stubs or rough NNS .	1	6	VBP	start	starts
mature trees on the front lawn provide NN .	1	6	VBP	provide	provides
also minerals can VB light , limiting lights movement ; so when light passes through a mineral it is separated into many different NNS , sometimes getting trapped in certain places resulting in a black color .	12	13	VBZ	passes	pass
the second annual event is the NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a material can be called NN when the NN signals are too sharp to VB from an JJ material but too wide to determine the crystal structure .	9	10	VBP	are	is
while this definition is a fair description of the role in north america , significant variations can occur in other countries and in other health care systems .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( ) is a village in NNP , scotland which the NNP road runs through , situated 14 miles northwest of NNP .	13	14	VBZ	runs	run
the compilation process is typically transparent to the user and is performed during NN , but it can be done NN in order to increase loading performance or reduce the memory NN of the host environment by leaving out the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a distinctive feature of the NNP is the use of a JJ engine , at a time almost all JJ NNS used JJ engines .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's output into their web pages , and the service is also available on NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
i think the fellow is capable of content creation .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
live at the apollo , volume ii is a 1968 live double album by james brown and the famous flames , recorded in 1967 at the apollo theater in NNP .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
usually a professional trainer ( or sometimes an experienced employee ) serves as the course instructor using JJ training often supported by formal classroom training .	3	11	VBZ	serves	serve
this article provides a collection of JJ public opinion polls that were conducted relating to the united states presidential election , 2008 .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the text was created by starting with the NNP and NNP text the text is available under a JJ license that allows JJ commercial and JJ use .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
where that guideline is JJ with this or any other policy , the policies VBP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these are generally far more serious then image ones because while images ones are a NN , JJ ones can result in a major loss of time if they are not detected and stay for a while to be modified by others only to be deleted eventually .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the only references to her are in list articles , and i have found nothing more substantial in reliable sources in a google search , while google news finds nothing at all .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the JJ approach does generally still work well even in cases where the pool of editors is some hundreds large .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
all in all , you convinced me that the subject is notable and i withdraw my deletion proposal , but the article needs a lot of work .	21	22	VBZ	needs	need
i did the list ( the article start dates are 31 jan and 15 feb ) .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the latter lose money and that is how the former make money .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the name NNP refers to people called NNP or NNP , NNS and NNS in the swiss alps .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
here , the movement ends with the same four NNS with which it began .	3	4	VBZ	ends	end
your comment is not fair to arthur .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fundamental goal of NNP is to assist its members to please NNP to gain salvation in the NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the story is an early venture into the `` complex and unusual and very distant '' setting of the culture , which banks would further develop through various of full length novels , stories , and his essay `` a few notes on the culture '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
certain springs are not JJ , tests are performed every day .	1	2	VBP	are	is
uefa champions league group stage and continues to write `` van NNP '' despite my messages on his talk page asking them not to .	4	6	VBZ	continues	continue
in modern terminology this value is the NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are pale JJ and the NNS are JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the hospital 's motto is `` NNP NNP NNP '' and its crest is a wild NN NN VBN with a staff of NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
in early 1988 , chris makes plans to open up a NN company at a JJ NN shop in albert square , but finds out that his driving licence is to be suspended for 18 months following his drink driving accident .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
for whatever reason , wikipedia culture seems to VB articles about non-notable schools even when they are quite JJ .	5	6	VBZ	seems	seem
suspension rates have more than doubled over the past three decades , before 2012 , across all grade levels .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the group takes the statue and VBZ it to the government , destroying NNP 's time machine and VBZ him and his VBG along the way .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the distinction between NNP and NNP NNS is not only theoretical ; a massive NNP NN would have JJ magnetic and electric NN moments , which could be observed RB , whereas a NNP NN would not .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in the first floor is a JJ window , the second floor has rectangular windows , NNS , NNS , and NNS .	11	12	VBZ	has	have
the structure is a NN of the importance of education of the early residents of NNP county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and , if the answers are honest , i will agree to give him a 1 month advance notice before i afd any other NNP articles to give him time to establish notability .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the city is also present internationally in various forms of pop culture .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reason is to VB the logic to detect failures from the actual request .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
by the way , the link to `` nazi '' still remains in NNP 's statement as of the current revision .	5	11	VBZ	remains	remain
the books all start with the line `` in an old house in paris that was covered in NNS , lived twelve little girls in two straight lines .	1	3	VBP	start	starts
the lead section is too short , the usual for a lead section is three JJ out paragraphs covering the topic in a brief summary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cut flowers , notably NNS , are a relatively new agricultural product .	1	6	VBP	are	is
VBG and arrangement is by me .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the change in istanbul 's living standards is a direct reflection of the nation 's statistics as the 27 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
at this point , the NNS run into the men again , and a fight starts .	14	15	VBZ	starts	start
the member of parliament for NNP is NNP NNP , who won her seat in 2005 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the stadium features 2 , 500 JJ seats and 500 NN back seats bringing the stadium 's capacity to 3 , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
this JJ competition ( JJ years ) is open to all american poets , and the winning manuscript is published by the university of NNP press .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP could give a good guess as to which region of europe another european is from .	9	14	VBZ	is	are
its diet consists mostly of insects such as NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
a rather JJ example of a programme that both VBZ the theme ( NN ) and the NN in one image .	3	9	VBZ	captures	capture
the observatory also hosts the uk 's NNP station .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
its preferred habitat is dry NN where it spends long periods VBN at the top of JJ trees or poles , watching for food items such as insects , NNS , NNS and small NNS on the ground .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the issue at hand , it seems , is really about wording .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the only people i refuse to work with are banned sockpuppets , an attitude we all need to take , indeed it is the failure of other users to adopt this approach that is a big part of the problem .	13	22	VBZ	is	are
nowadays publishers are basically business people , whose primary NN is to make money .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
strange part is neither of the two individuals involved are admins or developers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP station is the nearest to the south .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the white wines are mainly a blend of NNP with NNP NN , NNP NN and NNP , to which NNP NN , NNP and NNP NN are sometimes added .	2	3	VBP	are	is
another event run by the club in the winter months is the NNP cup .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the official title literally reads `` NNP summer '' though .	2	4	VBZ	reads	read
the stadium has a JJ capacity of 12 , 000 people .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the real truth is the secret hidden within the JJ covering .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is tall at its highest point and the main portion of the dam is long .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's daughter NNP struggles to stay alive by herself ; NNP was apparently taken in by her father , but NNP refuses to join the nazis and VBZ the communists for NNP 's death on NNP .	2	4	VBZ	struggles	struggle
obviously JJ block is just that .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
obviously i think cleanup is necessary if any article has issues .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
its type locality is NNP , the most northeastern area of NNP , india .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the truth , NNP is actually good person and VB on taking care others .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP , `` the whole NN is JJ , and it 's really important to listen , pay attention , and always assume that when something looks too good to be true , you 're probably dead already , so go ahead and VB it .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
some ideas underlying the small NN theory go back to the work of max NNP in CD .	1	7	VBP	go	goes
more particularly he VBZ his NNS of a JJ NN whereby he VBZ them that if the methods used towards the JJ people remain JJ , NN will end in a blood bath .	22	23	VBP	remain	remains
the point of NNP is to showcase new or recently expanded articles , so that 's why it 's the one VBD .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it is just a rough idea of what the logo looks like and is based upon the colours , as observed upon the honour 's board , in the hall NN , NNP high school , NNP north .	9	10	VBZ	looks	look
assuming that your description of the behavior and appearance of the bird is correct ( especially no wing bars and tail NN ) , it must be an eastern NNP .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
and the school has many germany teachers .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
he is interested in the banking business and his real estate holdings are large , the firm being among the largest NNS of the village .	11	12	VBP	are	is
both statements appear to be false from a quick google search .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
action films with JJ NNS include the 1982 film 48 hours starring eddie murphy and nick NNP and the 1987 film NNP weapon starring mel gibson and danny NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
it was recently found on another website , what appears to be an NNP that is a NNP NNP lp JJ NNP and , if the information is accurate , it is a new NN for NNP .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP railway station is approximately from villa park , and aston railway station is approximately .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the reviewer notes it is an album with , `` no , or at least very few , JJ , '' and says , `` the band have produced a fresh , JJ sound that has a live presence to it .	1	2	VBZ	notes	note
after some years of patient waiting , the diocese is now ready to launch and implement the 2005 NNP pastoral plan of the diocese of NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this article needs to be renamed .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the concept of NN is based on the idea that a state or individual 's JJ possession to land creates a claim on that land .	16	19	VBZ	creates	create
a few people in the film project have decided that `` movie '' is an NNP and therefore only the word `` film '' should be used in wikipedia .	11	13	VBZ	is	are
the video , in which NNP struggles to prevent the police from VBG him , shows an officer repeatedly VBG him in the face while trying to force his hands together .	1	15	VBZ	shows	show
the statues on the NNS are usually in pairs , each god with his consort ( NNP , NNP , NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
as NN occurs , internal JJ forces arise that oppose the applied force .	6	7	VBP	arise	arises
paragraphs of only one or two sentences are generally VBN upon , especially if an article has a lot of them .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
in general , the asian elephant is smaller than the african elephant and has the highest body point on the head .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
such products include those used in the diagnosis , prevention , monitoring , treatment or NN of disease or injury in humans .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the town has no state forests or wildlife management areas , although there are many such natural , JJ areas in town .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the sum of the areas of two adjacent regions is equal to the area of both regions combined .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
notice that part of the earth is in the JJ region .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it is revealed that the boy is , in fact , blind .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
on a side note , i have to add that the first flag on the right is also a historical american flag .	12	16	VBZ	is	are
as NN may be used to secure the wireless communications between the two devices , this may need to be VBN RB if the NNS are to be read .	24	25	VBP	are	is
i believe that this editor has a significant , long-term problem with civility and reasonable behavior , as demonstrated here and elsewhere on this and similar wikipedia space pages .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
according to the journal citation reports , the 2009 impact factor is 4 .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
a revert is an edit that goes back to a previous version of the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP development is dependent on the temperature of the water .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many web NNS regard these advertisements as highly VBG because they VBP from a web page 's actual content or waste NN .	2	3	VBP	regard	regards
the oldest surviving byzantine church in istanbul with its original form is the NNP ( NN ) monastery , which was built in CD .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
at CD feet , NNP 's NN from atlanta 's NNP NNP plaza hotel in NNP 's machine still holds up as the highest NN ( no NNS ) VBP to ever be performed from a building for a JJ film .	6	19	VBZ	holds	hold
the name is identical with the word NN which means `` field '' or `` NN '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the county also contains the towns of NNP , lying south-west of NNP NNP , and NNP , south of NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
when the rfa result is in the gray area , i VBP publicly with other NNS about the final judgment .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
early history of the area VBZ the NNP people finding shelter and game in the JJ forests .	1	5	VBZ	recalls	recall
recent studies show sleep restriction has some potential in the treatment of depression .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
meanwhile , the above diffs to that article are JJ except to admins .	4	8	VBP	are	is
in modern times , VBG committees VBP the task of leading widely among the singers , so that in all but the largest conventions , everyone who wishes to lead gets a chance ; see below for historical practice .	5	6	VBP	distribute	distributes
in this sense , the effect has some similarities with quantum NN ( e .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
two parallel walls , the so-called NN walls run down from the palace to the river NNP across the steep NN .	2	8	VBP	run	runs
the aim is to complete NN of all JJ pocket areas within a short time frame such as 24 hours , in order to VB the chance of NN of the NNS with NNS coming from another oral NNS like the tongue , NNS and JJ JJ pocket .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he is the main narrator of the story , and his short NNS and NNS are often the only transition between stories .	12	15	VBP	are	is
the route roughly corresponds to the ancient roman POS route ' from the mines of northern spain to the mediterranean .	1	3	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
the concept of state terrorism is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the suit claims local authorities knew of this NN but allowed the father john ( NNP ) to become a military NN .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the building is also notable for being one of few professional building remaining from that era .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since the category was already deleted , and category deletion is a more difficult process than page deletion , doing this would be a bad thing .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
company '' already exists - hence this article is redundant .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the `` b '' theme is a trio , a NN section not necessarily for only three instruments , as was often the case with the second NN of classical NNS ( the first NNP concerto has a famous example ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
these features have a NN NN and a JJ slope from cliffs or NNS ; this suggests flow away from the steep source cliff .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the film tells the JJ story of daniel , an amateur filmmaker VBG the lifestyle of JJ artist , william clark and his JJ art manager j .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
this station is too minor to be notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
RB few cards and abilities affect cards in the exile zone .	2	5	VBP	affect	affects
point at which NN loses NN 0 .	3	4	VBZ	loses	lose
in addition , the hired entertainment for the party is the singer NNP , who is a recent former lover of JJ ahmad .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
in the middle of the ritual , as the NNP people attack NNP 's soldiers , NNP is VBN and offered NNP .	10	11	VBP	attack	attacks
atlanta ) and CD ( miami ) ( these are only examples , as each of these cities contain several NNP codes in the same range ) .	17	18	VBP	contain	contains
the term now describes a person who leaves a job JJ , or does it badly .	1	3	VBZ	describes	describe
the NNP manuscripts cover a wide range of themes such as NN , folk tales , philosophy , medicine and several related areas of life and general knowledge .	2	3	VBP	cover	covers
each language defines a comprehensive set of symbols with precise NNS , together with detailed JJ rules regarding the construction and interpretation of maps .	1	2	VBZ	defines	define
a NN building has only three NNS ; normally VBG the one at the JJ west end , which may be replaced with a NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the club plays it home matches at the NNP NNP ( capacity 2 , 500 ) .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
salt tells him NNP needs a secretary , and suggests talking pig to the earl will get him the cash he needs to buy into a health farm and make his fortune .	0	1	VBZ	tells	tell
and it is true that not every NN deserves its own article , as there are likely millions of types of NNS , and most of them not widely known .	7	8	VBZ	deserves	deserve
unlike `` heroes '' , the lunar phase plays a part in their union conditions .	7	8	VBZ	plays	play
the JJ iowa NNP squad contains 15 players which includes 2 NNS , 4 NNS , 5 NNS , and 3 NNS .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain
as the commodore 64 's graphics chip VBZ the screen to the left or right , the character NNS representing the stars change shape by VBG their single lit NNS to the right or left , VBG the NN of the screen and giving the impression they were JJ .	18	22	VBP	change	changes
the heavy timber roof structure with its has the appearance of an JJ ship .	4	7	VBZ	has	have
tours of the power generation plant and other dam facilities are available for a fee .	0	10	VBP	are	is
and electric wizard have a song from their 2000 album NNP called `` i , the NNP '' , although its lyrics indicate it may also have been inspired by mark of the devil .	21	22	VBP	indicate	indicates
featured pictures and sounds are high quality images ( photographs , maps , illustrations .	1	4	VBP	are	is
y NN 's JJ rate is only 0 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
although it was known that finger VBP relies on skin NN , recent research has found that JJ JJ perception relies strongly on the forces experienced during touch .	19	20	VBZ	relies	rely
common usage is to insert the external link inline .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP brewery on the edge of the town produces a popular range of NNS , sold throughout northern italy .	2	9	VBZ	produces	produce
when the NN VBZ a healthy person , thousands of NNS are infected into the blood along with the NN and the cycle starts again .	22	23	VBZ	starts	start
the ethical man knows it is wrong to VB on his wife .	2	3	VBZ	knows	know
principal NNS include the NNP river and NNP stream .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the company wholly owns but does not use CD .	1	3	VBZ	owns	own
their first album is a recorded live performance from 1992 , and with the exception of the first 2 songs is exclusively sung in bulgarian language .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the beast begins to break it down .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
keep the references look good to me , and there are a number of historical homes on that street .	2	3	VBP	look	looks
no wp article exists on turkish wp for NNP or its parent company .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
the enclosed cabin has JJ seating for two and dual NN controls .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
students at NNP are responsible for most management aspects of the station and fully staff it .	0	3	VBP	are	is
when asked about the death toll at the trial , he answered , `` the question is so big , i do n't know where to begin .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
after the NN process all three characters appear to have the same components even though they have no relationship at all .	6	7	VBP	appear	appears
pole 2 uses two of these cables , with the third cable unused waiting the NN of pole 3 .	0	2	VBZ	uses	use
this article is about the blue NN cult album .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
then that guideline needs to be amended to VB external conventions .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
after its premiere in NNP , NNP twice VBD NNP for the NNP ; after VBG it , the 1952 version stands as the definitive version of NNP .	20	21	VBZ	stands	stand
arbcom has been given an opportunity to handle such issues , and the results are clearly not JJ to the community .	13	14	VBP	are	is
redirect to the album the track is from .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the fly line ( today , almost always VBN with plastic ) is heavy enough to send the fly to the target .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the mountain is easily JJ by the large rock formation on its summit known as NNP rock .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
well as our NN notes , the name derives from JJ region ( although could also be taken as JJ sequence or region ) .	7	8	VBZ	derives	derive
the drink is JJ and has a JJ NN with notes of NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school offers JJ internet NNS throughout the campus .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
most surviving examples are old enough that they are VBN from iron rather than steel , with hard steel edges VBD to them .	2	3	VBP	are	is
when NNP finally reaches her , she reveals that she is in chains and that the only one who she 's seen so far is the JJ man ' .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
a further sign of the progress of experience and its NN to the community is the nature of cases undertaken .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the mill is a three story , five level stone building with a slate covered JJ roof .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in kerala the party is part of the left democratic front .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
key interests are history ( particularly military ) literature .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in addition to creating NNS and NNS , students often use graph paper to help keep numbers in columns when doing manual operations such as long division or long NN .	8	10	VBP	use	uses
the NNP and john NNP NN controversy articles are an odd example .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the debut album `` dinner for one '' is one of the most successful NNS to date and it was also picked by NNP to be aired regularly via the pa before the band 's concerts .	1	2	VBZ	album	album
NN programs have parents strongly VBD for materials JJ for children under 14 years of age .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP is term limited ; his son , NNP NNP is his party 's nominee .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
if the JJ stress increases any further and the NN passes the JJ equilibrium state , it will RB continue to bend and grow , VBG around the a and b VBG points , until the segments VBG around the a and b VBG points RB and VB .	3	4	VBZ	increases	increase
other NNS include the scott NNP , start NNPS , and NNP panthers .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNS VBP the script with the same NN , JJ tone that he gave NNP , and his finished draft bears only a vague resemblance to NNP 's book .	19	20	VBZ	bears	bear
innovations to date include earth observation technology , [ earth observation services , NNP , and NNP , a wireless NN sensor constructed using carbon NN NNS .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
NNP is an intelligent NN system that helps students learn JJ physics , computer literacy , and critical thinking topics through JJ dialogue in natural language .	8	9	VBP	learn	learns
barrett 's subsequent volumes of poetry are a quality of pain and other poems ( 1986 ) and a memory of rivers ; poems out of the NNP delta ( 2006 ) , both books published in nigeria .	3	6	VBP	are	is
she claims to be a JJ prisoner of the school just as the students are JJ prisoners and offers help to casey in VBG .	13	14	VBP	are	is
significant portions of the ancient city NNS still remain , although they have been much reduced over the centuries .	1	8	VBP	remain	remains
the NNS are JJ or JJ ( NN ) , smooth , and JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP select collection of annual flowers offers JJ plants that have performed in test gardens at the dallas NNP and botanical garden .	3	7	VBZ	offers	offer
its downtown location is at CD s .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN is a cluster of JJ NN flowers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
legend has it that NNP , a french NNP monk , was the first missionary to visit denmark around CD , purchased the freedom of twelve male NNS and educated them in the first school in denmark , at NNP in NNP .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the village of NNP consists of between fifty and one hundred houses and is bordered to the south with NNP and to the north with NNP .	1	4	VBZ	consists	consist
each NN model has its appropriate NN and many models have unit tests .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this is provided that the user who has been working on this item plans to help expand each of the similar articles he created .	5	13	VBZ	plans	plan
furthermore , the liberal studies program allows students to design their own majors by combining subjects of study which are RB JJ to their personal , educational , developmental or career objectives .	5	6	VBZ	allows	allow
the region is mountainous with numerous narrow valleys .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN lift is a JJ dental procedure that raises and VBZ the NN line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the principal powers are NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP is sometimes incorrectly referred to as NNP ; the official name uses roman NNS , and is pronounced `` FW two '' .	11	12	VBZ	uses	use
digital sales from the japanese itunes began counting in december 2010 , however no other pc music NNS or NN NNS count to the total .	17	21	VBP	count	counts
this election is notable for being the beginning of a political career of a JJ known professor from the university of west georgia and future speaker of the united states house of representatives NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and the edit i made to this page is to add NNP to the list as she also claimed to personally be NNP NNP in 2007 when she added four photos to her article and claimed copyright ownership over them .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the burden of proof is on you to find something because these are here legally and RB .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this also provides the contractor the option of making the NNS look like conventional NN houses .	10	11	VBP	look	looks
the problem is that cars compact the soil too much and make it hard for roots to VB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the winner of the championship round is the champion .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
if it is to be applied to any JJ politician , from the nazis down ( or up ) then the list is so RB incomplete as to be totally JJ .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
a defensive NN scheme under which the play of an JJ card is encouraging and that of an JJ card is VBG .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the physical and chemical properties of the NNP NNP are the setting for a suite of rare plants , which the NNP VBZ through land use management and JJ interpretation .	4	9	VBP	are	is
in any case , the bottom line is that this is clearly a legal issue , not an editing one .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the focus of research at the berlin branch of the institute is the history of the german democratic republic ( NNP ) .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the draft has some of the same tone issues and currently sounds more like an advertisement than an encyclopedia article .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
her father is in the indian navy and her mother is a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the upper text of the NN is the text of NN CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
recorded breeding NN species are the little NNP , JJ NNP , fairy NNP and common NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NN reform supporters argue that it is difficult for NNS to VB a dollar value to these losses with the guidance they are normally given .	2	3	VBP	argue	argues
while state road 35 NNS at state road 40 at the wild waters amusement park in silver springs , the road continues RB as marion county road 35 north towards its terminus at state road CD .	20	21	VBZ	continues	continue
NNS also reject the idea that there are commercial bus services that provide a replacement , as around half the route is on roads VBN by other buses .	0	2	VBP	reject	rejects
a source of possible confusion with regards to german locomotives is that in german , means a tank locomotive .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
awards are nice , but a string of awards given to a person means one thing , and that same string to a group means something altogether less ( because over time good years and bad will eventually mean a NN of awards ) .	20	24	VBZ	means	mean
whether or not one agrees with NNP that deletion of RB notable NNP is correct and whether or not one agrees with him that this is a RB notable blp in question , this is a clear attempt to violate basic policy and VB with basic consensus forming mechanisms .	8	13	VBZ	is	are
the school has one of the largest playing fields of any NNP school and holds an annual NN race , attracting over 700 competitors from more than thirty schools .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
although NN counts are often as low in people with NNP , they VBP have problems with JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
two other principal features of the city are the santa NNP de NNP hospital and the contemporary NNP de NNP NNP NNP ( church of our lady NNP ) .	3	7	VBP	are	is
in the NNP literature , prior to the JJ NNP NNS , the term comes up in only a handful of NNS and then in the context of `` work '' or `` trade .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
NNP is not a a valid reason for deletion when the topic is without any reasonable doubt notable and independent sources exist .	20	21	VBP	exist	exists
although the bridge at NNP still stands , the NNS have been removed and it became a new york state park in 2009 .	2	6	VBZ	stands	stand
robert NNP , who is largely responsible for the widespread consideration of `` social capital '' , has written that social innovation often occurs in response to social needs .	21	23	VBZ	occurs	occur
their most popular films are the airplane !	3	4	VBP	are	is
the mountain range that crosses through this town , starts in san pedro el NNP and ends in NNP del monte , district of NNP , getting into the state of NNP until joining sierra NNP del sur .	2	9	VBZ	starts	start
the theme is that each story is written from a collection of old NNS NNP found in a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the above link is to part 2 , but part 1 is also well worth watching .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the comments of the entire wikipedia community , not just NNS , are welcome , and indeed , sought .	1	12	VBP	are	is
the NNP river falls a 40 feet steep NN in three separate streams .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
many writers agree that NNP views the distinction between the divine essence and the divine VBZ as a `` real '' distinction .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
the NNP default implementation of NN chooses the NN .	3	6	VBZ	chooses	choose
also if the image is obviously fair use ( like a logo or NN ) you may want to just fix the tagging NN than delete too .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other examples of groups offering postal play include the correspondence chess league of america ( NNP ) and the united states chess federation ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
regardless , the absolutely unsourced nature of the article combined with its lack of internal logic makes it a fine candidate for the NN , in my opinion .	5	16	VBZ	makes	make
her reaction to human blood , however , seems to be more straight forward .	1	8	VBZ	seems	seem
the government informs the NN on proper behavior and attitudes , and VBZ that muslim civil servants take courses in NNP islam .	16	17	VBP	take	takes
the pass road ( b CD ) has a maximum grade of 10 percent .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
the release of JJ carbon dioxide helps to VB the air of oxygen and JJ NN products of the material that is burning .	1	6	VBZ	helps	help
my recent test appears to dispute this .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the subsequent chemical composition of soil produced by NN activity also benefits the growth of JJ species of plants and other NN present in the soil .	3	11	VBZ	benefits	benefit
the archive also hosts NNS for films between 1923 and 1977 that are in the public domain because they were published without a copyright notice .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
san NNP area , competes against each other in parts of east l .	2	4	VBZ	competes	compete
its performances feature a variety of works , ranging from baroque to contemporary music .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
an earlier short film , also titled `` the NNP man '' , is a more faithful adaptation of the short story .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
this area also usually leads off to the men 's well .	1	4	VBZ	leads	lead
the bottom part of the coat of arms shows the symbol of the JJ state of NNP , which ruled a big part of the district until 1803 .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show
it 's often common sense knowledge what a person 's occupation is ; tracking down primary and secondary sources to verify that so and so is a JJ seems quite difficult .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
for all NNS and purposes , the entire new york times story is a definition for the term .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
trade also called goods exchange economy is the transfer of ownership of goods from one person or entity to another by getting something in exchange from the NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
when air flows past the wire , the wire VBZ , VBG its resistance , which in turn allows more current to flow through the circuit or causing a smaller voltage drop over the wire .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
such merge modules contain certain values that can be set to specify how the module NNS in your installation .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
this kind of NN is of great importance in geology , where it results in formation of JJ rocks .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
oppose - NN is about both sides conduct , not just one .	6	7	VBP	conduct	conducts
activities include spirit week , school dances , and other ceremonies usually during lunch and after school .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the NNS show that some actors were known for being fat and the proper use of sourcing provides an adequate way to VB the list .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the JJS path to NNP goes right through NNP cluster .	2	5	VBZ	goes	go
the museum also has a growing collection of oral histories from long-time NNP sound residents .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
support damage control is important and VBD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB clearly should not be editing that article ; his feelings about the subject appear to be VBG with his ability to write a JJ , neutral article in collaboration .	10	14	VBP	appear	appears
the current journey time to or from london is between five and six hours .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are in colours and gold .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this station has two NN control areas , one at each end of the platforms .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
some language NNS that implement a global NNP lock are NNP , the most widely used implementation of NNP , and ruby NNP , the reference implementation of ruby ( where it is called global NNP lock ) .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the men tend to have a particular style of JJ NN often considered a visual NN .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
having articles about the names given to spatial objects and their status is fine by me but decision procedures need to be consistent across the topic area because using different rules for the same spatial object based on naming preferences would be wrong in a number of ways .	18	19	VBP	need	needs
the circumstances that led to arthur being listed , which NNP notes above , make me suspect that this list is not simply a constructive log of interactions .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the art is available to be viewed at NNP bank locations , as well as some other locations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
facts on the fact sheet appear to have been those gathered by us senate committee investigations .	0	5	VBP	appear	appears
the categories and articles below are all connected with rangers f .	1	5	VBP	are	is
a preliminary jury , one of which is a south korea representative from the regular jury , reviews the applications , and VBZ `` approximately 25 or more '' people to participate in the event .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
an `` NN '' is a person who aids in the commission of an offence of another person .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the latest build date is february , 2013 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
speedy delete the article VBZ no notability , and has been deleted many times under the JJ title NNP .	3	4	VBZ	asserts	assert
stops in a JJ cluster with h as the initial radical ( hp , NN , NN ) are JJ and NN .	0	18	VBP	are	is
quantum NNS are local constraints on the magnitude and extent of NNS of negative energy density in NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
player 3 NNS second player 's part and has to end the story with the words given by the host before the game started .	6	8	VBZ	has	have
for example , JJ evidence on property tax incidents tends to support one economic model , known as the `` benefit tax '' view in suburban areas , while VBG to support another economic model , known as the `` capital tax '' view in urban and rural areas .	4	9	VBZ	tends	tend
the school also holds annual JJ sporting events , namely the swimming carnival ( held at the NNP aquatic center early in the year ) and the athletics carnival ( usually held NN at churchill reserve ) .	1	3	VBZ	holds	hold
this maximum NN is the NNP limit .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according illustrations , in spite of some other comments here , i accept them .	1	12	VBP	accept	accepts
this episode bears similarities to the 1960 episode of the NNP zone a most unusual camera except the pictures in that episode are of the future rather than the past .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
humans have the most damaging influence on this species , since NNS and erosion can have a large impact on the survival of the NNP NN .	0	1	VBP	have	has
different types exist among the NNS , although the NNS tend to vary with the scholar 's viewpoint on origins .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
a NN takes about 15 to 30 minutes , and women are able to go home the same day .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the standard to remove external links is not the same as the standard to remove content on wikipedia itself , which is that quoted .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
perhaps a decent way to think about it is that every `` thing '' in a sentence has case , while actions do not .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the institute is a JJ program consisting of NNS , private lessons , choral and orchestral NNS and small ensemble work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this place name comes from the NNP words NNP , the tree of the NN and is known by the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the rest of the open cut has a concrete NN with red columns .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
despite being NNP 's first greatest hits album on NNP , more than a half of the album consists of songs from the time when she was with sony music .	14	18	VBZ	consists	consist
the article seems fine without an image for now , until we get rs on who is who we may best best off leaving any images out .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
it has a wide NN with a retaining wall and a passage runs through the middle of the building , following a modified JJ JJ design .	11	12	VBZ	runs	run
five districts are entirely within europe , and the JJ NNP district is almost equally divided on the two sides of the watershed .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the question of importance to an article is subjective and the closer replaced his subjective opinion in place of the subjective consensus .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
although the western slope that the NNP railway VBZ is VBN from base to summit , the mountain 's other sides are more complex .	20	21	VBP	are	is
the issue pertaining to deletion is not cleanup , but notability .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
it can be said that a market is the process by which the prices of goods and services are established .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a characteristic of this NN is that it turns around two NNS , both of which VBP once per minute .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while their primary purpose is to dig up dirt and post NNS and so forth , it sort of keeps us in check because we know we are being watched .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the number of NNS determines the width .	1	4	VBZ	determines	determine
this is a non-notable publication for which the only sources i could find are blogs and similarly unreliable references .	9	13	VBP	are	is
the marching pioneers also take part in the annual `` pioneer days '' parade in orlando florida and the florida classic battle of the bands .	2	4	VBP	take	takes
this selection accounts for more than 60 percent of undergraduate and graduate NNS .	1	2	VBZ	accounts	account
a JJ free image is impossible the subject is long deceased .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
program participants compete in rifle and drill competitions .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes
while these phones have RB different NNS and NNS , they all run on a common proprietary operating system based on the nucleus NNP .	2	3	VBP	have	has
if you are an expert in this subject , the existing page is in JJ need of attention .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP algorithm sets them all to 0 .	1	2	VBZ	sets	set
the second scene takes place at the NNP , a home near NNP bay where the NN merchant NNP runs a shipping business , living with his wife NNP and daughter NNP .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
the school has exchange visits to france , germany and spain .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
she tells him that the reason is not revenge , instead she says that they are the `` good guys '' and the NN ( NNS , NNS , NNS , etc .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
one reason for this is that in the americas , mexico city was replaced by new york as the center of the art community , especially for NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
he spent most of his career in welsh football , where his CD game RB in the welsh football league is a record for a goalkeeper .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
the street is approximately 1 mile in diameter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city also has CD basic education schools , 35 secondary schools , and 13 `` high schools .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
their strategy is , through creating a JJ condition in turkey , to VB the governmental institutions and to start a JJ revolt .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his main areas of research include philosophy of language , philosophical NN and related areas in NN , philosophy of mind , and NNS .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
residents of NNP have a direct link to this culture .	0	3	VBP	have	has
besides the tools used RB by microsoft , other NN tools now include NN options .	10	12	VBP	include	includes
delete when an article presents no obvious benefit to the encyclopedia , any JJ implications should take NN .	3	4	VBZ	presents	present
translate the references into english even if the content is in russian .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the reason is virtually all talk page edits are JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such NNS allow for NN inside cells , and potentially integration in the host dna .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
the twins also have romantic interests named barbara ( NNP NNP ) and NNP sum ( nina li chi ) .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the norse naming practice is still the norm in iceland - see icelandic name .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the perth glory fc NNP team , also known as the perth glory women , represents the perth glory in the australian women 's national football ( soccer ) league , the NNP .	5	15	VBZ	represents	represent
at the hospital , his doctor tells him that the injury in his brain is very serious , and can put his life in danger .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP louise `` NNP '' NNP ( née NNP ; formerly NNP ) the character is known for her constant NNS , which most other characters ignore and find NN .	25	26	VBP	ignore	ignores
NNP makes it plain that the feeling is mutual .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a brick fence runs along the front .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run
an JJ character whose passing is often part of the story and the audience is often JJ to that passing .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
another serious NN of NN is that it prevents the NN from spreading across the map to acquire additional resources and therefore lets the enemy use these resources to build more and often better offensive units .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
usually a person in this stage accepts the ideas they find on culture from their parents , the media , community , and others .	2	6	VBZ	accepts	accept
the woman promises to tell her son of the man who saved him once he is old enough to remember .	1	2	VBZ	promises	promise
if articles exist which fail to meet the guidelines we are applying to this article then we should improve upon them .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
the fruit is a NN black JJ berry just over a NN wide .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film depicts the story of west auckland f .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
the main entrance NNS in the wisconsin state capitol have NNS which are decorated with stone NNS VBP .	3	9	VBP	have	has
foreign traders and immigrants are each brought their culture , which gradually blend into everyday indonesian culture .	1	4	VBP	are	is
one such NN is tin ( NN RB ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the nbc radio network opens with 24 stations ( formed by NNP , general electric and rca ) .	3	4	VBZ	opens	open
NN cards are NNP cards into which a hole has been cut .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the most important industries are NNS , especially JJ , the processing of locally grown food , and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the original 1990 version has eddie NN from his grave and VBG a NN by the neck .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the second type sees its official medal NN and VBN by g .	2	3	VBZ	sees	see
the glass NN has one or more arms with JJ NNS as NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the NN account of spanish royal NNP NNP NNP says that he introduced himself to the spanish as `` NNP NNP '' , indicating that his given name was `` NNP '' .	2	9	VBZ	says	say
the island has a land area of , and a population of 52 persons as of the 2000 census .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
according to historical sources , NNP may have written over 50 operas , however only 35 works are of sufficient substance to appear in his catalogue of works ( see below ) , and only nine of these are preserved complete .	16	17	VBP	are	is
the link between NNP and NN shows why an JJ production of NNP plays a fundamental role in several human diseases , especially in JJ diseases .	1	13	VBZ	plays	play
winter temperatures range between 25 and 19 degrees NNP .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
orthodox jewish faith '' revealed that `` her goal is nothing less than the destruction of judaism itself .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the archive of NNP long-term archive ( NNP ) is a pilot project started in 2001 and now operating .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
from this , he VBZ that the NNP do not want it to be known that the NNS are actually NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is
NNP speech technology is JJ , meaning no voice training is involved .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the flag of NNP NNP is also in denmark .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP district is one of the districts in the state of uttar pradesh in india , and NNP city is the district headquarters .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP was late to catch the tourism boom that has swept spain in recent decades , but the coastal regions ( especially the NNP NNP and santiago de NNP ) are now significant tourist destinations .	19	30	VBP	are	is
shell sculpture varies greatly from simple JJ growth lines , which may or may not be barely visible on the shell surface , to heavy NN and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	varies	vary
as the race comes early in the spring , it will often indicate how well a horse has come back after its JJ winter spell .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
ted NNP ( an NNP sound engineer ) plays NN on this album .	6	8	VBZ	plays	play
the NNP NNP series is a series of NN or wood NN competitions where the athletes compete in the use of NNS and NNS in NNS typical for NNS .	15	16	VBP	compete	competes
the first weekend in july is when the traditional NN is always held .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
however the character might not retain the same graphic NN if the new adventure uses a different NN set .	13	14	VBZ	uses	use
such so called travel labs even have their own current supply which makes them independent from infrastructure .	4	6	VBP	have	has
i think the message that the article is not ready already got through .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the links are visible today in the town and NNP john NNP pub , the john NNP state secondary school , as well as various street names .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in 1991 , after the fall of communism , the school again changes its name and is once again known as NNP gymnasium .	10	12	VBZ	changes	change
coi , but the topic is complete and meets the criteria .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his NNP NNP days seem to be completely VBN .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
earlier she spent years convincing NNS , development organizations , and local NNS in peru that transformation of informal property rights is possible and that it carries sustainable economic , financial and social NNS .	16	21	VBZ	is	are
the content is very strong to extreme and therefore inappropriate for people under 18 so no one under the age of 18 is allowed to view such films .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to further its goals the mountain view alliance is VBG the NNP NNP NNP conference where member organizations meet to share views , participate in round table discussions of industry leaders regarding technology and business trends .	17	18	VBP	meet	meets
the cellular phone is also JJ , enabling the consumers to VB their mass produced product through NNS , colors , and backgrounds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
to me the structure of this paragraph seems to be a statement that is not favorable to NNP followed by a NN .	3	7	VBZ	seems	seem
hall effect NNS typically use a rotating target attached to a wheel , NN or motor .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
firstly , i think the community now has a greater appreciation now that there is a real issue with the lack of women here .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
on the other hand this appeal is really quite NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
my sister is a software engineer right now , at a huge company .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP derived its name from the local dialect , `` NN '' , meaning `` where the water flows '' , referring to the great river splitting the land and VBG south to north in a JJ rush to NNP bay .	17	18	VBZ	flows	flow
work is to VB in august 2008 .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the NNS want me fired because of all the claims and because i am the only one in the government who keeps them from VBG the NNS .	1	2	VBP	want	wants
the article says the first ever discussion of NNP VBD on the paul show .	1	2	VBZ	says	say
some NNS believe that china clay stamps are a myth , for examination of some JJ examples failed to find any clay in the composition of the paper .	6	7	VBP	are	is
no NN NNS are fitted and the aircraft relies on JJ NNS for water stability .	7	8	VBZ	relies	rely
the body in general remains low profile with a drag NN of 0 .	1	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the male has JJ spots but no brands above .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
if the judges interpret the laws themselves and suffer none else to interpret , they may easily make , of the laws , NNS 's NN !	2	3	VBP	interpret	interprets
the owner of the company is NNP NNP and has run the business for international customers since 2003 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this means that the network is another potential point of failure .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in general , JJ cars of both NNP and NNP are slower on street and road courses , being less expensive and JJ platforms than their formula one counterparts .	4	10	VBP	are	is
his research is in the area of farming systems NN methods , gender analysis , JJ NN systems , and tropical conservation and development .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this is true for the traditional way of VBG - only those who know sanskrit to some degree can join in , because the speed of reading is so fast that any NN will find it very hard to keep up .	24	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP island also has a station for NNP NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
however , if a teacher identifies a student as on track and having a positive attitude towards school , but does not necessarily have personal interaction with the student , that student has a higher chance of dropping out .	4	5	VBZ	identifies	identify
its local government area is the shire of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
given the JJ JJ and the subsequent information POS fact there was a circle ' , participants make the NN VBZ NN as often as they do from an JJ NN .	16	17	VBP	make	makes
your other comments are aggressive and JJ - be civil , please .	2	3	VBP	are	is
none of the characters are ever referred by name , and the author uses his relationships to identify them .	12	13	VBZ	uses	use
the country 's waters are home to unique species of fish and VB such as the chilean sea bass , NN and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP has a huge conflict of interest here , as he has no relation to the subject of the article ; his main goal is to prevent it from getting deleted .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
therefore i think a block is in order here .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
where less than 38 matches in total are played , state rules vary as to whether the remaining winning numbers are drawn from a barrel , or whether to VB the draw entirely and JJ all entries into the next pools draw .	11	12	VBP	vary	varies
the site contains roughly 19 land `` NNS '' , in addition to new road infrastructure and NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this tradition has given way to the popular saying `` a NN NN le JJ NN san NNP '' , which VBZ as `` every pig has its st .	25	26	VBZ	has	have
system analysis can be used to represent almost anything from population growth to audio speakers , electrical engineers often use it because of its direct relevance to many areas of their discipline , most notably signal processing , communication systems and control systems .	17	19	VBP	use	uses
the museum also has a regional centre for the south india region at NNP in karnataka .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the experts that maintain that page will remove that listing if this ship is too far from the canon .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the JJ configuration that dna VBZ naturally reside makes them difficult to separate , and yet they must be separated by NN proteins if other NNS are to VB the sequences that VBP proteins , or if NNS are to be VBN .	2	8	VBZ	makes	make
however , the girls are unaware of this and believe that NNP and his JJ friends are the NNS NNP 's NN ordered to escort them to safety .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the temple which is almost in NN has two separate NNS - the main shrine dedicated to lord shiva ( NNP NNP ) and the other one dedicated to goddess NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP , the topic ban is well over due .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
research in this area is almost exclusively performed using NNP as NNP and NNP ( the major human NNS of this family ) do not RB JJ model organisms typically used for this type of NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's works tend to include monsters , such as NNS , NNS , etc .	2	3	VBP	tend	tends
carriers of certain NNP NNS are notably at risk .	0	5	VBP	are	is
the reluctant empress the ruler NNP has means to take NNP to become his empress by force .	4	7	VBZ	means	mean
in a chinese population at particular risk for NN cancer and with the high NN 25 ( oh ) d concentrations have a significantly increased risk of the precursor NN .	20	21	VBP	have	has
if there is one thing that most french wines have in common , it is that most styles have developed as wines meant to accompany food , be it a quick NN , a simple NN meal , or a JJ JJ menu .	8	9	VBP	have	has
the song contains the NN `` VBN '' , to VB with `` VBN '' .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP said that these conditions `` provide contrast '' to JJ expensive houses located on those streets .	4	6	VBP	provide	provides
in each of these cases , the transfer of q occurs as it passes through two surfaces , the first NNP and the second NNP .	7	10	VBZ	occurs	occur
this attitude is wrong on so many levels .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the market also hosts a number of traditional and JJ events such as VBG celebrities , NNS ' day , NNS ' day , opening of the JJ season , summer festival , dance of the market women on NNP tuesday , etc .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
NNP NNS arise between JJ NNS , the JJ acids , and the NNS and NNS NNS of the NN .	1	2	VBP	arise	arises
the museum 's former names are `` NNP NNP museum '' and `` NNP collection '' .	4	5	VBP	are	is
ivan meets up with adam , who has completely VBN with the NNP and now has powers , and a battle VBZ .	20	21	VBZ	emerges	emerge
NNS , an administrator is likely to review your VBG issue here , however , i do not believe they will speedy close the afd .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at a more practical level , the question VBZ into one about how to make JJ NN institutions RB JJ ( NNP , 2004 ) .	7	8	VBZ	translates	translate
this category comprises templates used by wikiproject NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the company consists of the universal banking and insurance activities of the la NNP group , along with the group 's stakes in the oil and gas firm NNP NNP , the telecommunications company NNP and its holdings in several other financial institutions .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
reception to these productions are generally mixed as some feel his productions are largely JJ , VBN and JJ , while others champion his large budget and use of scenic locations .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the JJ NN grows in NN with a layer of NN moss on top , through which the NNS come out , a process called NN .	18	19	VBP	come	comes
comment in NNP the brooklyn rail is most definitely considered to be a credible , important and informative publication and it is a notable source .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
delegates meet twice in each academic year ; once during the fall NN and once during the spring NN .	0	1	VBP	meet	meets
this NN liquid is the NN for the production of the NN NN , a type of synthetic rubber .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the surname NNP comes from the word NNP NNP word NN meaning lord .	1	3	VBZ	comes	come
the college offers instruction in a variety of modes including traditional classroom and laboratory instruction ; JJ online instruction ( more than 100 courses entirely online as well as many hybrid courses ) ; JJ instruction engaging students simultaneously at multiple sites ; and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the school is an active member of the NNP network and part of the NNP ( NNP NNP NNP NN ) school group .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS are also available as NN NNS to suit many engines .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN is fine , algeria was neither metropolitan nor technically overseas when it was administered as french departments .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
areas that may be confused with natural landscape include parks for people , agricultural areas , NNS , maintained views ( use of aesthetic NNS ) , artificial lakes , managed forests , golf courses , nature center trails , back yards , and flower beds .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
JJ NNS for NNS are short , and placed only between JJ NNS , beam , and NNP NNS .	1	4	VBP	are	is
this section reads more as a collection of NNS than as a narrative .	1	2	VBZ	reads	read
this category contains articles that have been VBN as `` NN '' by the wikiproject square NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP 's primary objective is to link developed and proven technologies from various local and international sources with local technology NNS , i .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the grid view shows the NNP document in a JJ fashion .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the serbian davis cup team represents serbia in the davis cup tennis competition .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
by NN to the JJ behavior in NNS , he suggested that these developmental NNS are a major cause of adult violence amongst humans .	14	15	VBP	are	is
all references lead back to this calendar series , which lasted from CD .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
many stories and works of art NN this period in japanese history , and it is through these sources that the life of NNP is best known .	21	24	VBZ	is	are
the goal of JJ programs is to enable students to communicate using listening and oral language rather than sign language .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
it is unclear why NNS should find it necessary to develop this source of energy when their diet provides them with an excess of NNS .	17	18	VBZ	provides	provide
this NN NN has JJR NNS than those of other species , giving the NN a NN look , as the common names suggest .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
i think the first version is better .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile NNP 's people continue with their JJ NNS .	3	4	VBP	continue	continues
construction begins on the chinese eastern and south JJ lines of the JJ railway .	0	1	VBZ	begins	begin
the apparent depth of reviewing on this site is a good sign , in the sense that VBZ metal NNP does appear to review `` significant '' works of metal only from a metal perspective .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the model is due in its most strict NN to the NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the police arrive the next morning , NNP insists he did not rape her , and the credits roll .	18	19	VBP	roll	rolls
the album makes extensive use of NNS , which queen had employed for the first time on their previous album , the game , although to a much lesser extent .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
tucker notes that some scholars argued that NNP 's account of ibn NNP NNS against NNP is a NN of NNP ibn NNP .	9	16	VBZ	is	are
the government registration name in hong kong is `` JJ NNS '' , but VBZ NN JJ literally means `` restaurant with a big license plate '' , referring to its size of license which is bigger than other licensed street NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the road runs through the republic of NNP , a locality that declared itself a republic in 1989 after a revision in district boundaries forced it out of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the game features all of the original cast of the first game , with the addition of two new female NNS that work with the original game 's main NN , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the manor house serves as accommodation for staff and as a function venue .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
the NN affects whether a function is a NN , in that the function is JJ if and only if its NN VBZ its image .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
an interesting fact about currency is that the more NN a medium of coin is , the better it functions as money .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP seal is the only freshwater species of NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in other words , job design involves VBG the contents of a job , the work methods used in its performance and how the job relates to other jobs in the organisation .	24	25	VBZ	relates	relate
the highest point , which is hart mountain near swan river , rises to 2 , 700 feet .	2	12	VBZ	rises	rise
IN the last two sentences are appropriate in the lead .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the goal is to have the governing party on one side ( the bottom , from our point of view ) , the opposition party on the other side , and let the small parties not get split up .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one can go back to these JJ posts and see many posts in the archive proving they were placed there when the google time stamps show .	24	25	VBP	show	shows
NNP and memoir both indicate a NN of CD , while the cathedral plaque indicates CD .	13	14	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the NN is JJ during its JJ period .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
lets say that the entirety of the u .	0	1	VBP	say	says
links with the past at the school include a stand of oak trees , which dominate the school 's grounds .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
the unique property of JJ NNS is that these so-called armed NNS RB VBP highly JJ NN NN VBZ directly to cancer cells while , at the same time , leaving healthy tissue VBD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
he writes a VBG review for the newspaper the next day , stating that NNP 's chef is `` nothing less than the finest chef in france .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the process for VBG our features is simple .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the comment is enough to cause me oppose , though .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other programs feature artist NNS , concerts , dance programming , and club lifestyle programs .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
these cars are generally very basic , JJ and as light as possible .	1	2	VBP	are	is
clubs usually have their own groups on NNP , where users can search for local NN shops , VBG clubs , and NN clubs .	0	2	VBP	have	has
this argument is not good even if true .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this song is the only song by hollywood NNP to feature a member other than danny ( formerly NNP ) as the clean vocalist ( charlie scene ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these devices employ NN NNS that have even deeper NNS and are designed to act as a similar metal to aluminum and to expand at a similar rate .	1	2	VBP	employ	employs
it is more often found in JJ and older adults , and the teeth more likely affected are JJ ( lower ) NNS and NNS .	13	17	VBP	are	is
the talks resume , but NNP 's condition continues to VB , especially with NNP NNP continuing to VB him for advice when he should be VBG .	7	8	VBZ	continues	continue
please make a list below of articles you would like to see improved or created , and once the list is substantial enough , we will VB out articles to project participants .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the NNP utility also VBZ an awareness program in schools to make residents aware of the water NN in the basin and to encourage them to VB water .	2	4	VBZ	implements	implement
i still assume good faith and probably that the school is just for NNS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
today , about a dozen military buildings still exist at central nebraska regional airport including several aircraft NNS , some former NNS being used for commercial storage and several NNS along with the old parachute building .	6	8	VBP	exist	exists
the NNP district of NNP has large population of tribal people .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
blocking anyone the leader is friends with is wrong .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
all ten NNS are within new york city limits at the extreme western end of the island , making trips from long island to new england especially JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is
paul NNP told ultimate guitar that `` the last thing we want to do is come out with another album that sounds like the last two .	9	14	VBZ	is	are
on such systems , a file whose JJ bit is on but whose group execution bit is off when that file is opened will be subject to automatic mandatory VBG if the underlying NN supports it .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
both formats include both the film 's JJ and JJ versions .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a warm seat just serves to VB you that other people use the NN too .	10	11	VBP	use	uses
RB later put andrew ryan at number 10 in their list of the top 100 NNP NNP , saying , `` the force of his personality and NN of his vision is JJ throughout the game .	22	31	VBZ	is	are
many NNP species are JJ , existing as soil NNS , for example , largely JJ by humans .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a point that has n't been made really is that these groups were VBG something .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the various types of devices used for thrust NN on jet engines are the target , NN and cold stream VBG systems .	2	12	VBP	are	is
if your idea of communication is like the one in real robot , then we have a problem .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
socks are usually too RB involved in the subjects they edit to avoid VBG up and giving themselves away .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the discovery consists , '' he says , `` in VBG the NNS of JJ NNS to the action of concentrated NN , or to the concentrated beam of the electric light .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the talk page already has some delete questions , which is why i chose this route .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
it grows NN from NNS , where the soils are JJR and less dry than the NNS of the NNS .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the JJ city with more shopping venues and a cinema is NNP NNP , which lies ca .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these two proteins are JJ ( NNP ) , which VBZ to all NNS , and NNS of NNP , which are only specific for each different NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the teacher asks his students to please return the rat , no questions asked .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
the festival takes place in the outskirts of NNP during three days in the first weekend of june between thursday and saturday .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
NNP also reveals that the one thing he VBZ is some NN and NNS with NN .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
major highways include interstate 71 , the CD highway , and state route NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
also vfd , to help with deleting pages created by mistake , since i know from personal experience that legitimate users often need pages deleted not because of controversial content , etc .	20	22	VBP	need	needs
this road connects malta with NNP and NNP , because traffic has to pass from this bypass to catch the NNP ferry or the NNP and NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
however , differing sources define the NN factor to be identical to either the NN factor or the diversity factor .	3	4	VBP	define	defines
there , the character identifies himself as PRP NNP ' .	3	4	VBZ	identifies	identify
his name seems turn up as either .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
a number of people ( myself included ) think that this article is both RB unnecessary and RB inappropriate , and a number of others ( yourself included ) think otherwise .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
afd experience is not a must , and can be acquired .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
generally , DT development in JJ mammals is similar to human DT development .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
these languages are almost the same but still there are differences .	1	2	VBP	are	is
us government documents are , but only because of a statutory provision which is specific to us government documents .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the most VBN player is simon cooper who has 8 caps .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the location of NNP is south of the municipality of NNP , but north of NNP , and east of NNP , NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the brothers live life to the JJS while VBG of bigger and better NNS , though their NNS are out of step with their reality .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the theme of liberation from a VBN , almost VBN , emotional life into a more JJ and JJ existence plays throughout the NNS , yet it is noteworthy that james does not RB make of paris a NN paradise for RB VBN americans .	1	20	VBZ	plays	play
the truth has the potential of VBG up the entire political system apart .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the materials are free to use for all at the premises of the library .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the link to NNP is false and it was uploaded by a known copyright NN who has been warned multiple times .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
but us gospel has a NN of it 's own .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
selective JJ attention or selective hearing is a type of selective attention and involves the JJ system of the nervous system .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the newton NNS now relate the traces of the powers NNP to the NNS of the characteristic NN of a .	2	4	VBP	relate	relates
all statements are from me and about me and absolutely true .	1	2	VBP	are	is
because the palm NN , heart VBG NNS of a relationship often result in a huge amount of NN , so the concept of NN is so much more important to me as i get older .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
some JJ dogs have a broken pattern , sometimes referred to as VBN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the relationship develops into one of d .	1	2	VBZ	develops	develop
a NN extends across the west facade and is supported by turned posts and NN arches .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
ceo sam NNP stated that the company strictly follows the JJ procedures of the digital millennium copyright act , stating that usually NNP RB removes content .	6	8	VBZ	follows	follow
this list includes properties and districts listed on the national register of historic places in NNP county , north carolina .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this NNP NNP NNP service operates as redundant service along the empire builder route between seattle and NNP to add extra capacity and provide service during other times of the day .	4	5	VBZ	operates	operate
the lady refuses at first , saying that NNP is a NN , but NNP is able to explain all the circumstances .	1	2	VBZ	refuses	refuse
the largest program is an official part CD flight school named NNP flight academy , the flight school offers instruction in 4 NNP NNP 's , a NNP CD NNP NNP , 2 NNP NNP and a NNP NNP .	17	18	VBZ	offers	offer
the oldest NN group dates back to the year NNP 87 ( ad CD ) ; only CD NN from this collection were published .	3	4	VBZ	dates	date
if taken from a website , this field VBZ the location .	7	8	VBZ	specifies	specify
the two dorsal NNS are JJ with rounded NNS and RB VBP VBG NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in fluid traveling at JJ speed , this pressure NN can VB upstream , changing the flow pattern ahead of the object and giving the impression that the fluid `` knows '' the object is there and is avoiding it .	28	30	VBZ	knows	know
a basic principle in NN is to start from the JJS and most probable possible problems first .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the speed formula comes from setting the classical JJ energy equal to the NN between NNP levels in the quantum treatment of a charged particle in a magnetic field .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
the bill in this case was filed by the union pacific railway company against the city of NNP and its marshal , ryan , to VB the collection of certain city taxes for the year 1880 , which the railway company VBZ were RB assessed against it .	40	41	VBZ	alleges	allege
every wave scattered from any point in the scene has a circular NN about that point as a center .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
religion means a NN or a NN and it does not mean NNP .	0	1	VBZ	means	mean
if the article already is in NNS .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
that means nearly JJ young people are still in need today .	5	6	VBP	are	is
each student gets his own room and shares a community NN .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the breed makes the ideal outdoor companion .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
bands they have influenced include the NNS of being pure at heart , JJ girls , crystal NNP , NNP NNP girls , times new viking , rough NNP , the NNP set , the NNP NNPS , sweet valley NNP party and procedure club .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the car finally starts and NNS through the village and up to the volcano with monkey driving and NNP hanging on the engine hood .	1	3	VBZ	starts	start
the 1983 club VBZ for the greatest 30th birthday party of all time !	2	3	VBZ	prepares	prepare
however , the close NN and NN indicate that this article is not ready for fa .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
no one deserves the kind of abuse you dish out .	1	2	VBZ	deserves	deserve
however , the fact that people appear to be VBG this item as part of a ( dubious ) explanation for the NNS themselves would lead me to VB it from the piece .	5	6	VBP	appear	appears
NNP JJ NN , NNP NN ( the chapter link goes to the NNP web page for the species entry , while the title link goes to the google books VB for NNP ) .	24	25	VBZ	goes	go
if you VBP let it VB all the way out and the NN is still lit , do not VB it !	12	13	VBZ	is	are
while many of the NNS are not serbian , the celebration of the serbian culture continues , primarily through cuisine and the JJ serbian flag .	10	15	VBZ	continues	continue
the estate is also near the village of NNP and is convenient for the NNP motorway making its homes RB sought after by london NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
thus , some muslim NNS working in the persian gulf countries prefer to engage in the NN marriage rather than live alone for years .	4	11	VBP	prefer	prefers
the windows product is NNP for file servers produced by NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
depending on how far along the collaboration is , it might be appropriate to lay out the relevant advantages and concerns at the proposals forum .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
by my understanding it is , but any comment explaining implementation of this principle is welcome .	8	14	VBZ	is	are
rename per NNP and NNP den and expand , as his article makes clear that he has received many other awards , including world music awards and awards for his acting .	11	12	VBZ	makes	make
the generic name refers to NNP de los NNS , where the fossils were discovered , while the specific name , NN , means `` amazing tail '' , in reference to the unusual shape of the tail NN .	19	23	VBZ	means	mean
the eastern ridge continues almost RB beneath NNP NNP , crossing the road before rising again to form little NNP and NNP hills .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the cathedral has a distinct pink facade with a rose window and twin square bell towers with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one explanation given for this NN in the dates of adam and eve was that females have a better chance of VBG than males due to the practice of NN .	15	16	VBP	have	has
during the winter months the publication comes out every second month .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come
although primarily intended to be a showcase of traditional scottish events such as the NN NN , the games also serve as an annual gathering of area residents as well as the various clan societies across canada and the united states .	18	20	VBP	serve	serves
nonetheless , the popularity of science fiction as a genre means that several notable programs are still JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
blake ( baldwin ) is sent by NNP and murray , the owners of the office in which the characters work , to VB the NNS .	19	20	VBP	work	works
as its name suggests , it is adjacent to the victoria tower , the south-western corner of the palace of westminster .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the names in that section look RB like the NN `` gods '' in my article .	1	5	VBP	look	looks
the highway , which is named NNP road , follows the east bank of the river southeast along the flank of NNP mountain through the town of NNP .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow
digital marketing firms such as NNP , NNP and itunes offer opportunities such as JJ creation and promotion and video hosting .	2	10	VBP	offer	offers
his NN painting saying NNP by the lake NNP is popular in the west , as VBN by its widespread availability .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
an evening with NNP NNP is a JJ television special , starring NNP NNP , first broadcast in 1973 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
somehow , they do not reflect which information is or is not important .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
some parts of NNP are surprisingly similar to those found in NNP and suggest a direct influence upon mary NNP 's writing .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the game uses NNP graphics and draws three backgrounds ( `` JJ NN '' ) .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the most common use is to refer to a clinical center where lifestyle intervention is used in the treatment of patient 's JJ conditions .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the two NNS and the NN well which exist on the site , VBP from this period .	2	13	VBP	originate	originates
the wars article says that the protagonist , NNP ross , was based off of NNP ross , the real person .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the exact date of the airport 's construction is unknown , but was presumably it was built to transport workers to develop NNP into a resort by NNP , inc .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNP plus awards program provides cash and recognition to writers who create music with a value beyond the scope of performance surveys .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
sat score average VBZ the state and national average .	2	3	VBZ	exceeds	exceed
the population of this area is significantly african-american .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP sites , but there 's nothing even suggested that this bridge is one of them .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
some sources mention the painter 's preference for NNS with worn tips , used to avoid excessive NN , and `` split '' NNS , which allowed making two or more NNS at the same time .	1	2	VBP	mention	mentions
my best contributions are of course to age of NNP iii , which i helped to get to ga class .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the calls are certainly a JJ washington ritual , but by no means do i think george NNP is participating in strategy sessions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the new york section uses a single JJ NNP for JJ power in pennsylvania station .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
the work is a NNP in the then popular turkish style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , as NNP is RB of the discussion , if the community feels that they need to be larger and that there is a JJ benefit to it , he maybe able to VB .	12	13	VBZ	feels	feel
this evidence is JJ , and NNP MD marks are very common on large , terrestrial NN prey fossils .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and utah 's native artists also transform wood and VBZ into drums , VBG NNS and NN that are integral to community life and celebration .	4	6	VBP	transform	transforms
the oldest implementation still in use is JJ , from NNP , in NNP , in the public domain .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS for working part-time are not RB VBN from your income , and they are also considered as JJ , but also JJ NN income ( although at a lower level than at the standard working level ) .	0	4	VBP	are	is
videos are the main file that the limit presents problems for .	7	8	VBZ	presents	present
note that there 's a big difference between the factors that make a belief comes true , independent of me , the VBG person , and between the the factors that make this belief comes true to me .	13	14	VBZ	comes	come
the gift shop is the place to find the NN toys , NN , NNS , gifts , and books all relating to natural history .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ intersection , with its close proximity to the oklahoma state fair park ( which labels itself as the `` horse show capital of the world '' ) and its many exhibition halls , the area has one of the largest concentrations of hotel rooms in the southwest .	35	36	VBZ	has	have
in the NN ( village ) of NNP the people are farmers who are called NNP ( NNP ) .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the singer appears in the titles with her NNP ( first version ) last name - NNP ' ( NNP in NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
from my first comments a category is not a list and a list is not a category .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the NN singular a derives from a form ending in final NN , whose only trace is now the NN of NN to a following vowel .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
JJ culture starts in NNP ( NN date ) .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
neighboring communities are NNP to the southeast , san NNP , NNP and NNP to the south , and NNP to the northwest , and the river plate to the northeast .	1	2	VBP	are	is
an interesting innovation in the kitchen is that of a NNP NNP , which is an opening in the roof used to let out smoke generated by NN in the kitchen .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
for those who can not get to the NNP cinema , there is a manual interface , and the NNP codes are available at the official website .	20	21	VBP	are	is
most NN designs only go through one print run , making them very JJ and often difficult to acquire .	2	4	VBP	go	goes
this fitness test is mandatory for all cadets and must be passed in order to graduate from the academy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
on the contrary , such figures are prone to being VBN or even VBN to the benefit of those employees who are responsible for reporting them , while they are already planning their leave with a golden NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
his replacement is actor NNP NNP as chris NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
before the power goes off , a television news report shows a shipping container which has VBN up on a nearby beach .	9	10	VBZ	shows	show
the book takes its name from an included short story of the same title , which took the title from a poem by walt NNP published in his collection leaves of grass .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
as a result , NNP law students have direct access to the historical and rich collection and reading room facility of the NNP .	6	7	VBP	have	has
the origins of the NNP scottish are in the NNP 's army and the call to arms in world war i .	1	6	VBP	are	is
young ones tend to drop out of school shortly before they get married .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
visual NNP is in essence a method for robot control where the sensor used is a camera ( visual sensor ) .	12	14	VBZ	is	are
the last NNS arrive in western australia .	2	3	VBP	arrive	arrives
the NN closed in 1980 and has been demolished , but the large brick church still stands in a commanding position facing the town centre .	14	16	VBZ	stands	stand
some middle schools that feed into this school are NNP middle school and camp ernst middle NNP school , already fairly new , is to already undergo further renovation for more room for the extensive amount of students .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the area is famous for the display of wild flowers in the season , principally during august and september .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN is a JJ species , and its NN season is from may through july .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
although teams are not officially invited to the ncaa tournament until selection sunday ( march 16 , 2008 ) , multiple publications predicted before the selection that the irish would receive an NN bid .	1	2	VBP	are	is
there are differing opinions on whether the witnesses believe they had seen the plates in vision , or with their natural eyes .	7	8	VBP	believe	believes
the program includes feature films , student films , short films , music videos and animated films .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the following week on raw is war , the feud between kane , NNP , the NNP , and the rock officially began , as kane , NNP , and the NNP cut NNS about how they VBD to face the rock at NNP for the NNP championship .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
true light is hope , knowledge , salvation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this list contains singles by NNP NNP , his NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the NNS are in a park , the entrance of which is CD metres from NNP station .	1	2	VBP	are	is
only the NN remains of this boundary cross , built by the monks of NNP abbey in north wales .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain
i think this article is ok , but it 's still JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
they want to see who the cool directors are .	7	8	VBP	are	is
a JJ mirror layer between the JJ data and the NN data reflects the green laser while letting the red laser pass through .	3	12	VBZ	reflects	reflect
the partnership for child development ( NNP ) is an organisation based at imperial college london that seeks to improve health and NN in JJ children and youth in JJ countries , and thereby improve their education .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the children 's library is now 18 , CD square feet large .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in more derived orders of insects , such as NNP ( flies ) and NNP ( NN ) , the indirect muscles occupy the greatest volume of the NN and function as the primary source of power for the NN .	21	22	VBP	occupy	occupies
the NNP corner VBZ with the NNP neighborhood .	2	3	VBZ	overlaps	overlap
JJ tours are available daily during regular business hours .	1	2	VBP	are	is
work includes the installation of a JJ hull NNP boat ( NNP ) handling system and a new fresh water NN system .	0	1	VBZ	includes	include
district 37 ( map ) the district includes parts of berkeley , charleston , NNP and NNP counties .	6	7	VBZ	includes	include
the four yearly NN policy acts to ensure continued NN in certain areas of the role in which they perform .	4	5	VBZ	acts	act
their name comes from lyrics in a song called `` i wan na make rhythm '' from the movie mad about music .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
members also enter in competitions hosted by local organizations , such as radio stations or news networks .	0	2	VBP	enter	enters
both NNS are available with NNS which allows the NNP to roll when folded .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the student strength at present is over 2 , 300 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the nature of JJ acid as a JJ acid makes it particularly effective for creating NNS and NNS .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make
NNP NNS need to make sure their letters of engagement and investment policy statements clearly outline mutual expectations and the manner in which the advisor is being paid .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the question is whether the user should have been blocked for linking to an old version of the page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
whenever visitors cross the NNP pass , they always stay for a while at NNP NN to have fresh prepared meal in local NNP .	1	2	VBP	cross	crosses
support to local artistic creation support to local artistic creation , which has already VBN fruit , as nowadays the town has its own big band and four brass bands and one other jazz groups .	0	21	VBZ	has	have
NNS for this hypothesis include the fact that there are many exceptions to the assumption that climate stability means higher species diversity .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
account NNS are actually in JJ order !	1	2	VBP	are	is
other NNS make the NN NN to other drugs .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
robert plant the front man of the rock band led NNP has close associations with NNP , particularly NNP college of further education .	4	11	VBZ	has	have
moreover , both the article and the NNP link the article references are inaccurate .	11	12	VBP	are	is
most models contain a few JJ operations and at least one JJ operation ( if condition is true , then jump ) .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
at the main evidence page , odd nature 's evidence includes referring to other people who say that i have done wrong , and also includes odd nature 's own specific allegations that i have done wrong -- - i will refer now to the latter .	9	10	VBZ	includes	include
the degree of NN or chain length is then 1000 by the first ( NNP ) definition , but 500 by the second .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
an old account of his services at court relates that he painted the portrait of the king , `` life size , so well that everyone who looks is VBN , since it seems to live as if it moved its head and NNS .	2	8	VBZ	relates	relate
WRB NNS are features created by JJ NN forces within the maria .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the transport in são paulo is commonly referred to as JJ , although most experts consider that term NN .	14	15	VBP	consider	considers
females are NN with an JJ head .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the colour of the western swamp turtle varies dependent on age and the environment where it is found .	1	7	VBZ	varies	vary
the club colours are JJ and white .	2	3	VBP	are	is
other proposed track NN last track listing available is for an lp entitled NNP ahead [ JJ ] , which is in NNP 's NN .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
dialects are , for the most part , RB JJ ; however communication can be difficult between speakers of RB distant dialects .	0	1	VBP	are	is
thinking quickly , professor NNP offers to tell the soldiers that he has been imprisoned by the NNS for the last fifty years , and that the same fate VBZ them should they go near the caves .	28	29	VBZ	awaits	await
forms , colors , and movement keep it from VBG and allow it to grow as the artist NNS and develops .	0	6	VBP	keep	keeps
other communities in the immediate vicinity of the harbour include north haven and NNP .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
one example is the current debate centre de rode NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this busy route requires 8 NNS per day and due to her NNP bow design , it was quickly evident that the vessel was JJ for this route since she could not be loaded and VBN as fast as necessary .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
the cause of JJ NNS is frequently not identified .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
but military history says they remove inactive users , NNP appears to not to .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
the majority of dance music is typically released on vinyl , which major labels rarely touch with a NN so most dance acts tend to release on smaller independent labels .	22	23	VBP	tend	tends
however , such a method could be used in situations where the only available method is this and requires the accuracy associated with the dna NN mechanism ; applications which require operations to be performed with a high degree of reliability .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
one hypothesis is that JJ NNS are VBN as they approach the sun by NN materials which subsequently bury the older material .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a google scholar search indicates that it had been cited CD times as of march 3 , 2012 .	3	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
relations between ethnic groups are generally peaceful , although NNP witnessed deadly NNS in the 2010 NNP riot .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the name `` NNP NNP '' is a nonsense phrase , although the liner notes of their first cd NNP contained a JJ listing of definitions for JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NN is the most common problem , although eating rituals and food refusal also occur ; this does not appear to result in NN .	9	14	VBP	occur	occurs
NNS include JJ replacement therapy in JJ women and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
delete it is JJ that the JJ author demands the names and addresses of those who want to delete his personal NN .	7	8	VBZ	demands	demand
JJ NN syndrome describes an excessive NN ( red blood cells ) production , occurring in about 0 .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
the NN entrance is on the banks of the NNP ba canal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the road passes more homes as it comes to an intersection with us 13 on the eastern edge of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the school has many girls and a few boys ( in sixth form ) who represent the county and even the country in a range of sports , including football , skiing , sailing , NN , ice skating and athletics .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i do n't understand what the problem with this is , '' NNP VBD .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
oppose my agenda is not against wikipedia policy , as explained here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first sentence winds up being a bit vague , though .	2	3	VBZ	winds	wind
her husband , neil watson , is the director of the NNP museum of art .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the main focus of the first season is the discovery of oil reserves on NNP by john ross and attempts by him and his father , j .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
internet movie database , but this person has only 3 credits listed .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP railway station ( , ) is a railway station in NNP about north from helsinki central station .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
usually the cards can legally be included in any deck , but some are marked with a skull icon to indicate they can not be included unless special rules are in effect for that tournament .	28	29	VBP	are	is
the NNS are JJ to VBG .	1	2	VBP	are	is
notice that the article is about `` NNP '' not the exact address of the school .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his brother is the former england cricketer mike NNP , and his son joe NNP is currently a cricketer for sussex .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name appears to have been applied by crew members of the [ [ william NNP ] ] , a ship used in VBG these islands in february 1936 .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
in mathematical statistics , the survival function is one specific form of NN curve and plays a basic part in survival analysis .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
ip internet communications for JJ satellite operations control , becoming the first satellite whose mission control and operations center is any JJ computer located anywhere in the world .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
the chapel is the first structure built by NNP NNP in NNP and give a beginning to the whole complex .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the complex novel makes use of a vast range of literary techniques , and a wealth of NN , imagery and NN .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
the sweden national JJ speedway team is the national JJ motorcycle speedway team of sweden and is controlled by the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
an alternate version of the towns name origin is that the first part of the word NN was used by mormon settlers in the vicinity , and the next canadian pacific railway station was named NNP ( NN spelled backwards ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
trouble on the tracks is an educational adventure computer game developed by mind 's eye productions and published by NNP interactive for windows .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
men who actively struggle against NN have a place feminist movement .	0	6	VBP	have	has
please be sure to include a detailed rationale as to why the image meets our fair use criteria .	12	13	VBZ	meets	meet
of course one could easily create a more general article torture in russia , but this specific subject is still notable in my opinion .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , con man and NN owner NNP cannon ( NNP NNP ) tries to steal their gold claim .	3	13	VBZ	tries	try
the kings of south india like the NNP and NNP NNS relate their NNS back to NNP .	1	11	VBP	relate	relates
this article is just the start of something great .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the most reliable way to RB identify a belgian NNP is by the brand on the left NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
that aside , my reasons are my reasons .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the monitor NNS are typically set to warn if the concentrations VBP the NNP JJ exposure limits ( NNP ) , 1 .	10	11	VBP	exceed	exceeds
the player then VBZ a team and manage it , playing VBN football matches on an arcade machine taking part in friendly , league and cup competitions .	1	3	VBZ	selects	select
the girls then start a riot led by lucy and the girl that talked to anne earlier .	1	3	VBP	start	starts
the purpose is ( 1 ) to investigate pastoral matters , ( 2 ) NN or reflect over them , and ( 3 ) reach conclusions that the council can recommend to the bishop .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this voluntary association is instrumental in preserving and presenting NNP 's work in the gallery , and in publishing a complete register of his legacy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS work by feeding the paper at high speeds until it can move no further ; the reaction of the paper is to VB .	1	2	VBP	work	works
but as long as our policies do grant VBD users every right to edit articles , these people who wo n't even look at an edit before VBG it and VBG the user a vandal simply because they are VBN are doing wikipedia a really JJ NN .	5	6	VBP	do	does
her final appearance is in april 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the globe article says that he was the head of obama 's transition team for homeland security , suggesting a highly trusted role in the military .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
i left a message about the protection ; my main goal in this is to get a url of where i can find this image .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
the two players , when they play , control two main characters , respectively the red girl for the first and the blue boy for the second .	2	8	VBP	control	controls
adaptation of step size allows one to avoid slope NN ( step of NN increases when the signal rapidly changes ) and VBZ JJ noise when the signal is constant ( decrease of step of NN ) .	17	19	VBZ	changes	change
the portuguese man o ' war is a NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this is different , though , as this article is two lines , not a lengthy article , and it may as well just be a redirect .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
their existence is not dependent on whether or not NNP system ( caste system proper ) is valid or not .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
the journal covers research in ecology , evolutionary biology , population , and JJ biology .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
in mathematics , NNP 's NN identity says that the product of two numbers , each of which is a sum of four squares , is itself a sum of four squares .	6	7	VBZ	says	say
judicial power requires a fair procedure , including notice of the proceedings and NN of the basis upon which orders are sought and made .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require
NNP also serves as a small transportation hub for local buses , since many bus routes run through the area .	15	16	VBP	run	runs
rational NNS are necessary because the NN space is an NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
cabinet members in the richard nixon NNP are currently six living former members of the richard nixon cabinet .	1	7	VBP	are	is
sky NNS in ireland have a different choice of channels compared to the uk .	1	4	VBP	have	has
a gas cylinder comes loose and is thrown against the door , forcing it open ; larry falls out to his death .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
support this is more a statement of fact than anything else , but i suppose i can sign under it .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
his current club is NNP NNP 1929 on loan from NNP split .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
programming courses offered cover four different programming languages starting with visual basic .	1	3	VBP	cover	covers
the ridge is a geological formation that rises above the surrounding flat arkansas delta .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in this alternative reality , it is a large NN of white americans who live in NN , JJ NNS and face prejudice from the broader society , while the comfortable middle and upper class is predominantly black .	34	35	VBZ	is	are
the NNP caste tribes live all over the NNP .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
wonderful portrait , really stands out from the crowd .	1	4	VBZ	stands	stand
NNP district is further divided in 11 NNP for administrative purposes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the st NNP article should say it is in NNP , but was formerly in NNP , because the article is about the village both in the past and the present .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
human rights watch investigations confirm that in june this year , the publishers of the independent were VBN into forcing NNP to resign through threats of violence .	3	4	VBP	confirm	confirms
NNP tubes operate at a higher than ideal temperature for the purposes of VBG the mercury NN pressure in the tube .	1	2	VBP	operate	operates
the italian language is well-known and studied in albania , another JJ member , due to its historical ties and geographical proximity to italy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while most of the video was shot in front of a white background , the video includes several computer NNS based on NN technique .	15	16	VBZ	includes	include
NNP himself said that the building VBZ to what depth of error even good men fall , when they go VBG after strange styles .	14	15	VBP	fall	falls
so the cases that come to arbitration have other factors to consider or have subtle disputes about what constitutes NN .	2	7	VBP	have	has
on the top of NNS , these NNS are in the form of JJ birds that VBP water from their NNS producing the rain effect .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the village public house is the grade ii listed pack horse inn .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it points out that the NNP NN is alive and well in slavic .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
classrooms are to keep NNS with political NNS , and photographs of NNP are common .	10	13	VBP	are	is
i do cleaning up the various articles i find on recent changes patrol and helping new users learn the NNS , including explaining how deletion and other processes work on wikipedia .	16	17	VBP	learn	learns
NNP poster `` NNP '' writes that `` the format for the steve canyon NNS is wrong .	1	5	VBZ	writes	write
for many people , a NN has a very specific meaning .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
males have only moderate NN growth at the top of the head , so that their ears are always visible .	0	1	VBP	have	has
even the tiger 's eye is available here if you pay the right price .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the 1930 mickey cartoon the NNP mystery has a similar plot involving a NN named NNP who VBP NNP mouse .	3	7	VBZ	has	have
this amendment to the controlled substance act is to `` clarify NNS conducted within the united states which may lead to criminal prosecution of those involved within the united states .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the way wikipedia works is that everyone can publish an article , but not all articles stay up permanently .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
my home account is inc on the danish wikipedia , which is quite active .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ information is available online , the article itself is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he was an JJ mathematician , and one of the first people to provide evidence that NNS on the moon are the result of JJ impact .	16	20	VBP	are	is
the trees living at NNP are RB JJ like the english oak ( NNP NN ) , field maple ( NNP NN ) and common ash ( NNP RB ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
triple play 99 ( NNP ) is a video game featuring NNS current from january 15 , 1998 and NNS from the 1997 season .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
and that my friend is the NN of my argument .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the edits are at NNP , where sa is not blocked .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the best things about this NN are scenes of JJ VBG machinery of the kind found in railway yards , as well as several NN NNS worthy of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is
more importantly , extensive discussion by the parties and others on the talkpage suggests that while this summary is generally accurate as a whole , some specific details in it may be inaccurate or incomplete , while the accuracy of some others is RB disputed .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the islands have a total land area of 1 .	1	2	VBP	have	has
effective complexity is a measure of complexity defined in a 2003 paper by murray NNP and seth lloyd that attempts to measure the amount of JJ information in a system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
winter operations include VBG VBG snow from the dock and flooding the pier with NN to help VB the ice strength .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the rows of arcade posts support tie NNS , with curved NNS to strengthen the frame .	1	5	VBP	support	supports
despite the success of teacher education , there is always room for improvement if the teaching profession is to prepare young people for the challenges of the 21st century .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
for a long time it was only populated by a fishing and hunting people , the NNP people , who have their own language and breed NN in northern sweden , and today have special rights as a swedish minority group .	17	33	VBP	have	has
the NNS that existed at the time of NN VBG have been VBG ever since , though growing NN and less JJ , since the expansion of space causes their NN to increase over time ( and NN is RB proportional to energy according to NNP 's relation ) .	37	38	VBZ	is	are
after NN , she may have difficulties with NN and such , just as an older man may have trouble getting and maintaining an NN compared to the average younger man , but these difficulties are rarely severe enough to end a woman 's active sexual life .	34	35	VBP	are	is
however , their efforts are unsuccessful , and the temporarily closed gate opens once more .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the use enters a set of fairly fundamental NNS of the technology ( such as JJ layer NN , and logic depth ) and the program estimates the system level performance of an NNP built with these assumptions .	25	26	VBZ	estimates	estimate
as of september 10 , 2007 , the castle is home to the `` NNP NNP NNP '' , first introduced at downtown disney .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
associated organizations are NNP woods , providence house for children , and the meadows of NNP in georgetown , floyd county , indiana and saint ann clinic in NNP NNP , indiana .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a complex NNP space has its x , y , z , etc .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
regular patrols by our NN NNS and NNS find and correct most errors of note .	1	8	VBP	find	finds
obviously the first aimed at less vital parts of the NN , while the target of the second includes the heart , neck , head , NN , and NN , all highly vulnerable parts .	14	18	VBZ	includes	include
the JJ ruins stretch up to the site of the NN of the ancient city , dedicated to NNP apollo and NNP NNP , and the JJ NNP , built over it .	2	3	VBP	stretch	stretches
the lake is well known for large and JJ bass and lake trout fishing , VBG , NN , and wildlife , making it a perfect retreat for people VBG to `` get away from it all .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the car has several passenger NNS and travels up and down at 30 minute intervals .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a player wins by VBG all their opponents ' land , or , if the game goes a certain number of turns with no military victory , by having the largest quantity of oil fields , land , or total assets .	1	2	VBZ	wins	win
if your discussion relates to project policy , please use project discussion .	2	3	VBZ	relates	relate
a video player is a kind of media player for playing back digital video data from media such as optical NNS ( for example , dvd , NNP ) , as well as from files of appropriate formats such as NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
please cite sources , then count this as a support .	2	5	VBP	count	counts
in addition to christmas and easter , the town VBZ the feast of saint NNP on september 15 .	8	9	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
NNP rock is a term coined in the early 1990s by members of the JJ band NNP , and `` popularly '' applied to ( or JJ by ) various bands ( e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP canyon is also popular for VBG NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
open every sunday , may through october , activities include JJ american NN , wing walking , VBG , JJ performances and JJ NN rides .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
these worlds are JJ in the standard versions of NNP , but in certain versions of nice , landings for these worlds are being implemented .	1	2	VBP	are	is
consequently , in this NN , heat is transfer of energy due purely to temperature NN or difference .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
each hero unit is unique and provides two unique NNS , which can be further VBN up .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
notable scholars that have conducted this type of inquiry include media NNS such as marshall NNP , walter NNP , gregory NNP , and NNP NNP .	1	9	VBP	include	includes
both users started to attack me and revert me since i registered my username in wikipedia and this thread is just another attack .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
males defend small territories of JJ m in diameter against rivals .	0	1	VBP	defend	defends
when NNP remains silent , the fan leaves him alone with his thoughts , leading to a NN .	6	7	VBZ	leaves	leave
generally speaking , nations do no qualify .	3	4	VBP	do	does
until then , it is my judgment that the company is not ( yet ) notable .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
delete - i agree completely with NNP , the entire article seems to be based on a narrow political view .	10	11	VBZ	seems	seem
the goal of sweden 's information technology policy is that sweden should be a sustainable information society for all .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN is JJ , with male and female plants producing similarly arranged NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town is at the northern extreme of the uk 's south east england region , just two miles from the midlands border .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while i feel for the family involved , wikipedia is an encyclopedia , not a news site or memorial page site , and the incident is already well covered in the sydney NNP article and that is enough .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the characters explore their own NNS and VB as individuals and a group about army duty and NN .	1	2	VBP	explore	explores
i feel that these sites are neither reliable nor independent sources of information about the JJ NN promoted by NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the documents include the NNP , NNP , source codes , unit test cases , integration test cases and the system test cases .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
if an admin needs NN , it can , and should , be something initiated by someone else .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
her NN early in the story is to somehow avoid growing up .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
old boys or people with a valid connection to the school maintain a facebook page with limited public content to share memories and post pictures .	1	11	VBP	maintain	maintains
fuel cells generate electricity and heat as a by product .	1	2	VBP	generate	generates
his last job stop is at the daily planet newspaper , where he meets perry white , james `` jim '' NNP , and NNP lane .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
support - if a user wants to know more about CD , that user can type it into search .	4	5	VBZ	wants	want
paintings include a NNP by NNP NNP , st .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the lock has a set of NNS to allow NNS and rowing boats to be moved between the water levels .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the current civil parish now includes the town itself and NNP , morton , NNP and other VBG areas between NNP , st NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include
canadian troops advancing to the left began to VB the left flank as british troops get past on the right then caused the survivors to withdraw to .	14	15	VBP	get	gets
a search restricted to the website of NNP county council finds CD for CD ' , entry for each of the other terms .	1	10	VBZ	finds	find
only two years remain before the year 1000 , when the NNP 's power will have VBN full and the moment of their NN will be at hand !	2	3	VBP	remain	remains
methods used in language surveys depend on the questions that the survey is trying to answer .	0	5	VBP	depend	depends
the developer also has agreements with NNP and NNP for publication and distribution of print and NNP versions of its NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
most fa VBP articles have the gameplay before development .	3	4	VBP	have	has
along with gilbert , the official NNS are NNP , NNP , NNP chance , NNP and mcdonald 's .	6	7	VBP	are	is
their entertainment , NNP , is famous for NNP star after school .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
each participant wears an eye mask by playing VBN sounds to NNS when they are VBG , it is hoped to alter the content of their dreams .	1	2	VBZ	wears	wear
the condition occurs when two or more areas of a product team claim they can deliver features at an RB early date because each assumes the other teams are VBG the NNS even more than they are .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
more newer additions to VB technology include wider VBG NNS for NNS and thick NNS , the ability to VB frozen NNS , and the option to heat a single side or slot .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
another large pocket of russian jewish residence is northeast philadelphia and surrounding NNS and montgomery counties , as well as northern new jersey .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the prose style is often RB affected .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the list of robert bacon 's works , as given by john NNP , includes a NNP in JJ NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP super NNP .	1	14	VBZ	includes	include
its location marks the eastern gateway to the city and the building might have acted as a focus for the NN of the eastern city fringe .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
the NN of proving that it is not a NN is on you .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
these mountains are of low to medium altitude and are no wider than 100 kilometers .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the rangers become the first team to lose consecutive world series since the atlanta braves in 1991 and 1992 .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
the NNP high school 's choir consists of four different NNS `` legends '' show choir , `` a NN '' varsity , `` NNP NNP '' junior varsity , `` NN NNP '' women 's concert , and men 's concert .	12	14	VBP	show	shows
in principle , their role is to maintain documented collections of living plants for the purposes of scientific research , conservation , display , and education , although this will depend on the resources available and the special interests pursued at each particular garden .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a `` floating '' center cluster with JJ NNS includes a NN touch panel for controls and displays .	5	9	VBZ	includes	include
however , patients have the ability to make an appointment without a NN from another physician .	2	3	VBP	have	has
while i do n't agree with him that those NNS were VBN , your response is pretty silly NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP , blogs are not usually considered reliable sources .	2	3	VBP	are	is
little content , unsourced , only claim to notability is that she briefly signed to a notable record label , and i 've been unable to find a good source to back up this claim .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
members of the NN genus NNS are JJ NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is
sam , i assume that your objection is to speak after NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN survives as NN in the soil or on crop JJ and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	survives	survive
suspended from the NN , the NN sculpture reflects the mechanisms of the factory behind .	7	8	VBZ	reflects	reflect
its street address is CD west 16th street .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the towers are in sight of each other , and provided a communication link between NNP and grand harbour , in addition to functioning as NNS against attack by NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
one guy shows how some NNS have more NN than others by drawing a NN and some trees .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the national electricity company NNP NNP said grid failure was JJ if all households start using electricity for heating in the cold winter months .	13	14	VBP	start	starts
the parish provides the NNS of NNP and confirmation to the children in the schools .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the aim is to provide policy makers , resource managers , scientists , NNS , conservation practitioners and the general public with more thorough knowledge of NN change and further tools with which to make informed decisions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP indoor stadium 's flexible design means it is regularly used for sporting activities ranging from soccer and basketball through to figure skating .	5	6	VBZ	means	mean
the festival NNS have more recently embarked on similar ventures such as the st patrick 's day concert in paris , france which attracts a crowd of 70 , 000 spectators and the NNP concert in NNP , brittany .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the company offers NN services , NNS , and NNS that utilize scientific research in positive psychology to improve work performance .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the action of the video takes place in the middle third of this new black space , while the NNS of the NN VBZ stay on each end , being replaced by fully black borders whenever the word `` black '' is spoken in the lyrics .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take
i 'm suggesting that to say his NN caused his NN is not even accurate .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
JJ trips include study abroad opportunities to the NNP islands and the grand canyon .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
cornell west , which go into great detail about how women and minorities are dominated by being forced into privacy , while white males achieve power by being given JJ access to public life .	23	24	VBP	achieve	achieves
her sole purpose is to discover NNP chi 's true reason for attendance at the NNP NNP tournament .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comment in the interest of NN the nominator is a suspected sockpuppet of an indefinitely blocked user who repeatedly VBD sean crane , and whose edit history shows a pattern of repeatedly VBG JJ images .	0	8	VBZ	is	are
the main argument for excluding the chart ( that has any kind of validity anyway ) is that it would constitute NNP weight .	2	9	VBZ	has	have
ice cold beer , i would like to find out what your criteria is for determining a `` pattern of NNP fringe theories '' .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this segment of the NNP is a designated portion of the east coast NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
she tells everyone , and as punishment the judges make the final test one that must be done until JJ injury or death .	8	9	VBP	make	makes
the station is a restored JJ railroad hotel and its sympathetic modern train station addition at CD east martin street in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the high school is an NN of the old private NNP NNP academy begun by professor james w .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a top honor is either the ace , king or queen .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the river flows through a deep canyon with high NN cliffs on both sides .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
a project , called `` NN '' , is currently underway , attempting to make this knowledge available on the internet .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
further , this list encourages inclusion politics .	3	4	VBZ	encourages	encourage
sometimes his hair is white , sometimes it is orange , and sometimes it has only partly lost its color .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if anything , the fact that this is a contemporary painting increases the encyclopedic value .	4	11	VBZ	increases	increase
comment i would recommend finding additional outside sources , right now it has 4 references , 2 of which are the creators website , and the other 2 are the game it self .	0	12	VBZ	has	have
that might let you see how the connection is without a lot of things starting up at boot time .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the major rivers contributing to the great NNP river are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , little NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP whereas the small ones include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP rivers .	2	9	VBP	are	is
i think the most common translation of NNP NNP is international aviation exhibition .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
at the moment i find the article virtually impossible to make sense of because there is constant NN between the facts about what the us policy in relation to money is or has been , and the JJ arguments about whether this is what its policy should be .	25	30	VBZ	is	are
at one time NNPS were called JJ labor unions , ' and some trade NNS still refer to them as such .	14	16	VBP	refer	refers
the inner circle often contains a series of eight NNS , ' and various JJ animals and being , often including the queen mother of the west .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
oppose , no where near enough citations and the ones there are not consistently VBN .	6	11	VBP	are	is
closing time is at midnight each day , but some musicians play in NNS until 1 a .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it was closed in 1971 , but all its facilities remain on the mountain .	9	10	VBP	remain	remains
there is a buddhist tower in the game ; indicating that the people observe buddhism in the game .	12	13	VBP	observe	observes
categories have little NN once deleted , and extra care should therefore be taken .	0	1	VBP	have	has
researchers report that the newly discovered JJ rock rat , at first placed into a new family of the NNP , is most likely a member of the NNP family , which was believed to be extinct for 11 million years .	0	1	VBP	report	reports
actually , i 've suggested that a good deal of the material in the `` theory '' article has nothing to do with the theory and needs to go elsewhere ; the same is true for JJ measures '' and `` attachment in children '' .	8	18	VBZ	has	have
the game has more than 9 million active accounts and 87 million registered accounts .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the industrial revolution article does list theories for why it occurred where and when it did .	3	4	VBZ	does	do
some things just never seem to change .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
another example is the designing of JJ plants to grow under specific environments in the presence ( or absence ) of chemicals .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
eternal death is the second album of crown of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for example , water is typically JJ on an oil fire , and can be dangerous .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as a NN school , the population is significantly lower than a traditional high school .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the missile is capable of being launched from multiple platforms based on land , sea , NN and air .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
unlike most JJ NNS , however , the winters are fairly mild and there is no NN .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the album serves as the soundtrack for a national geographic documentary , the ballad of the irish horse , which documented the history and tradition of horses in ireland .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the oldest and best known section of NNP club NNP is its football team .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
scott is now running for florida governor , and it is a very serious problem that this article seems to be written by his political opponents and does not present information RB .	17	18	VBZ	seems	seem
observations with both wild and cultivated plants suggest that trees can remain productive for several decades .	0	7	VBP	suggest	suggests
the 7 year gap between the completion of CD one ' and the main section , along with the fact that the main section is dual NN while the phase one road is single lane perhaps VBZ an artificial distinction between the two route sections .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
some researchers think that this creature represents a NN NN which is just beyond the NN that is pretty well adapted to aquatic life , but still feeds on shore rather than in the water .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
a few symbols whose meaning is unclear have been retained directly as given in NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his office is empty and in the process of VBG up , and his workers seem surprised to see him -- former campaign manager NNP has accepted an offer to become the top NN to the senate majority leader .	14	15	VBP	seem	seems
the article by NNP itself is quite enough .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
many states also maintain their own military forces .	1	3	VBP	maintain	maintains
a much less controversial figure than john calvin or martin luther , his importance has long been VBN ; recent research shows that he was one of the most influential NNS of the protestant reformation in the 16th century .	20	21	VBZ	shows	show
her NN NNS include -- besides writing -- her dogs , reading , NN , painting , RB dancing , and the ever present horses in her life .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the district has a few prehistoric sites .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the position is separate from that of CD of justice ' , though the two positions have sometimes been held by the same person , e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , this guy knows so many languages and you knew none of them .	3	4	VBZ	knows	know
many guests ride it twice or more when they visit , on some days the JJ NN of the log ride VBZ that of the front gate of the park .	1	2	VBP	ride	rides
the institute has more than 60 principal NNS and CD research staff members whose work encompasses all aspects of JJ medicine .	14	15	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
a child appears in the road , causing rose to VB and crash the car , VBG herself unconscious .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the novel accurately VBZ a number of details about the pacific campaign of world war ii .	1	3	VBZ	predicts	predict
new reliable sources include the wall street journal , the st .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
VBZ the new order until its ideals cause arthur to spare his life .	6	7	VBP	cause	causes
nowadays , RB , [ british ] people are a lot more open to their favorite acts going to america .	7	8	VBP	are	is
contract major media reporters , they are very alert and good at writing , reporting .	3	6	VBP	are	is
here the original theme is in the natural NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the aim is to provide 200 , 000 NNS a day in CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
knowing only that the woman 's name is NNP and that she now lives on NNP island , NNP sets sail only for a NN to leave him VBN once more on NNP , where five abusive old women gave him trouble two years earlier .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this design consists simply of a NN spring with 2 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the journal 's editor is NNP NNP NNP ( NNP university system ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
dental bridges are false teeth , known as a NNS , which are VBN between two NN NNS to fill in areas left by missing teeth .	1	2	VBP	are	is
some rides are for young children and may include a NN , JJ miniature railway , miniature roller coaster or an JJ NN house .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 2 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NN seems to be building up a bit if anyone wants to take a look .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem
a parallel organization operates in canada , under the name canadian power and sail squadrons ( NNP VBZ de NN ) ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
the object of the game is to VB the ball from the start to the goal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
most military biographies , but i add NNS to any biography i can .	2	6	VBP	add	adds
the well-known scholar of NNP NN is NNP NNP NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
stub sense finds 30 under that permanent category .	1	2	VBZ	finds	find
this phrase is also the basis for the wolf NN used in the united states and other countries to suggest that a pretty girl has entered the room .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ line ( transition CD ) is similarly mixed in with a neutral NN line seen in hot stars .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
another variation on the name is NNP ( NNP ) or NNP ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the film covers more than just the police case , but provides a survey of life in a country that is between NN and democracy , between NN and justice .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
one example is when children get to sing tribal folk songs in kindergarten and continue to become exposed to other cultural programs through elementary school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP forest is a tropical NN in NNP county , kenya .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
using this projection the distances between the NN circles are enlarged in such a way that the shapes of the NNS remain correct .	17	21	VBP	remain	remains
aware of the corruption in india , he VBZ all his fund NNS to india in such a way as to ensure that the money reaches the right person for the right purpose .	24	25	VBZ	reaches	reach
his well known roles include NNP in NNP , NNP NNP in NNP , prof .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
new experiments at NNP , however , seem to show that this NN is much greater than previously assumed .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
this center in the brain increases sympathetic activity , releasing NNS into the blood stream .	1	5	VBZ	increases	increase
the firm , which is based in new york city , traces its roots back to 1985 .	1	11	VBZ	traces	trace
health services account for a large share of employment .	1	2	VBP	account	accounts
JJ serial killer by police is a south african serial killer who killed 16 people in 2008 and 2009 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are on exhibit for public viewing in the NN of the ruth ann NNP library on the main campus .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP is an online book community the site is a partner of the young adult library services association .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
one possibility is someone using a japanese NNP set to full width SYM - it may not be obvious how to change to full width ( e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP board 's role is to make risk NNS about prisoners to decide who may safely be released into the community on NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the problem is to rewrite the article using verifiable source material .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the british orthodox church came under the jurisdiction of the NNP orthodox NNP in 1994 and its mission is to the british people .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the goal of this reference tool is to VB , interpret and VB the lived experiences and achievements of the people of bangladesh from ancient times to date .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the dead links are all from NNP NNP , one of the major news sources in japan .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this category is for people from NNP , new jersey .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
schools are JJ and education is not compulsory but school education is virtually free .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in copper wire and other conventional electric systems most people are familiar with , the electron is the mobile charge carrier ; but in general , anything with a charge can be a carrier for electric current .	9	10	VBP	are	is
a separate template is a good idea , VBD for now to both and .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of , of which is land and ( ) is water .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
the town offers the basic essential retail outlets including NN stores , NN station , post office , NNS , NNS , public houses and some NNS .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
blood rain or red rain is a phenomenon in which blood is perceived to fall from the sky in the form of rain .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other major employers in the city are us NNP , NNP marshall regional medical center , NNP , NNP , NNP farm and fleet , NNP , NNP NNP , southwest minnesota state university , turkey valley farms , and marshall public schools .	2	6	VBP	are	is
career NNS include 35 games played , a .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
at , NNP is considered to be the 15th largest city or town in canada by area , although the majority of the VBG area of the district is largely JJ and JJ , but filled with many lakes , rivers and large forests of pine trees .	20	28	VBZ	is	are
this plant is similar in NN to NNP or NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a substantial part of the province is the desert area of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NN comes from the first letters of those countries .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
this episode presents the french and american efforts to build a canal through panama to link the atlantic ocean with the pacific ocean .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
the game is similar to NNP , but features johnston 's art and music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
and i will add that your source appears to be extremely partisan .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear
the video version of `` VBN out '' has NNP NNP VBG on the second verse instead of consequence .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
inclusion in JJ NNS and search engine is not evidence of n .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
the river rises in the NNP mountains of northeastern pennsylvania , in several NNS in southwestern wayne county , approximately southeast of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise
her best known works are two plays , NNP in NNP ( 1924 ) and pioneers in NNP ( 1926 ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP church ( ) is a medieval lutheran church on the island of NNP , in the diocese of NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the term `` NN queen '' is more specifically used to refer to the `` attractive young JJ '' characters that have appeared in a number of films in the horror genre .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
as the book is set on modern day earth , the reader is VBN at the start of the book and suffers a skill penalty until he finds a weapon .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two effects have to be considered .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the extent to which man is responsible is still under study .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
evidence from a project run by the uk police suggests that commercial websites are in significant decline .	0	9	VBZ	suggests	suggest
another popular way to prepare and serve NN in japan is to VB the NNS into a NN VBD down the middle in the style of a hot dog , and VB the top with NN and NNS of VBN NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
patients VBN of NNP NN remain at increased risk of developing other ( secondary ) NNS .	0	5	VBP	remain	remains
the NNP article has way too many technical details , and even fewer sources than the company one .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
ap courses require students to score at a certain level on its JJ exam in order to receive college credit .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
the principle of the operation is the NN of the NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the strength of the article is it has a good layout with appropriately placed pictures ( where needed ) and enough text to justify the pictures or section , so it is not seen to be too JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the resulting NNS are slightly better than the individual one , but most important the program indicates the alignment regions where the various packages agree upon .	23	24	VBP	agree	agrees
this , by the way , does not apply to NNP pieces VBD the newspaper is certain of the source .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the techniques used in NNP are a combination of NN NNS of distinct southern tradition and the NN of piece MD technology from the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
students change universities according to their interests and the NNS of each university .	0	1	VBP	change	changes
he scored 18 , CD of his runs for NNP , placing him ( as of 2007 ) ninth on the county 's all-time list , while his CD wickets for the county are 12th on that ranking .	29	33	VBP	are	is
technically speaking , closing admins are to consider the arguments presented and decide for themselves if the articles nominated should or should not be deleted .	4	5	VBP	are	is
i have moved an article and the destination article did not exist but the destination talk page did , so the article move goes ahead but the talk page is left behind ) .	22	23	VBZ	goes	go
the JJ observatory ( NNP ) is currently under construction , which is expected to be finished by the end of 2012 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the order consists of breast star , NNP , NNP badge , and a miniature medal .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the school has a very extensive archive , especially of material relating to drama and the arts , much of which is from edward NNP 's ( the founder ) own library .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
long 's research interests include computer data storage , operating systems , distributed computing , and computer security .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
these rivers join with the NNP river west of NNP which also flows into the NNP river .	1	2	VBP	join	joins
when the mineral NNS in the soil are dissolved in water , plant roots VBP NNS readily , soil is no longer required for the plant to VB .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the order of saint NNP has the protection of henri NNS , count of paris .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the purpose of the evaluation is to show evidence that the soldier is both physically and RB fit .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i understand that different people have different pov , but afds are not votes , and if you really want to build consensus , you at least need to give your own view , instead of a simple NN , which make it impossible to discuss .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the songs from the soul based side two of the album includes `` touch of lightning '' , `` let 's make love '' , `` nothing in this world '' and `` do it right .	6	11	VBZ	includes	include
d `` this could be interpreted as `` if the word does n't already have an article on wikipedia '' but i 'm suspicious when i google for a word and the first fifty results are all mirrors of the wikipedia article .	34	35	VBP	are	is
the english language did borrowed this name from romanian , but once borrowed , this name is now also english whether somebody like it or not .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
a group very actively involved in promoting a reduction of NNS in dogs in the united states is the companion animal NNP council -- NNP .	1	17	VBZ	is	are
the people of sri lanka say that .	1	5	VBP	say	says
a frequent express service operates to leeds and manchester and regular services to NNP , hull , liverpool , manchester airport , NNP , newcastle upon NNP , NNP and york operated by first NNP express .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate
the municipality has its own primary school .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
assuming m a closed NN should ensure then that the set of NNS is finite , VBG a finite NN as the NNP of the expected formula .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
RB , the land of NNP is a blend of the historical arabian empire , the stories of legend , and a wealth of hollywood JJ history .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
population density is highest in the large urban centres , the western highlands , and the northeastern plain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his title is an NN of his historic significance and of his privilege to serve as primary spokesman for the eastern orthodox NNP and his moral authority is highly respected .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current champions are NNP munich , who beat NNP NNP at the NNP stadium in 2013 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this article certainly is not perfect ( it was one of the first articles i undertook to write ) and certainly can be improved .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP mountain area is an area from which all NN VBZ towards the NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
delete - the topic itself is notable , but this article is NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the specific name is in honor of collector w .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the three routes VBP pa CD and become east main street , crossing a norfolk southern railroad line .	2	3	VBP	intersect	intersects
the sad reality is that certain users will never agree for the tag to be removed IN they get their NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
on the south side , the road is open during winter up to the NNP ski resort .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
as a secondary point , the original google maps link affected the spam filter .	8	9	VBP	link	links
keep per VBG policy that all inhabited named places are notable .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the book claims that national health care systems make treatment available on the basis of need rather than ability to pay is also discussed as a myth .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
in addition to its role in immune function , studies suggest that the NNP is also involved in mate choice for many NNS through JJ NNS .	9	10	VBP	suggest	suggests
the NN then gives the `` heart of the ocean , '' the JJ NN from the 1997 film NNP , to NNP , as a symbol of his love for her .	1	3	VBZ	gives	give
sky news ) , half a town destroyed seems more than significant .	6	8	VBZ	seems	seem
the station broadcasts a mix of talk radio programming and 1960s NNS music .	1	2	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast
the introduction , while NN , accurate , and also JJ , somehow seems a bit off to me .	1	13	VBZ	seems	seem
RB , the JJ worlds are very similar , so we benefit from the shared enthusiasm that is seen in the dynamics article .	4	5	VBP	are	is
a riot is the complete breakdown of law and order due to the public NN against the state out of general NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he VBZ more than anything else to live the life of a normal boy , but his father knows that this is not possible .	17	18	VBZ	knows	know
god ; spiritual exercise ; muslims believe that the primary function of NNS is to VB people of god .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
as you say , most editors do this RB .	5	6	VBP	do	does
a tragic death , but wikipedia is not a memorial , and wikipedia is not news .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the chair of the school board is NNP NNP , and the director general is NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
flat bar road NNS are road NNS fitted with mountain JJ NNS , brake NNS and a flat NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the god NNP assists NNP in this role .	1	3	VBZ	assists	assist
the bass is reduced to human levels , most of the NNS are VBN and the drums sound thin and RB .	16	17	VBP	sound	sounds
there is an rfc ( requested by NNP ) , but NNP ( while a nice person ) is not neutral .	16	18	VBZ	is	are
the most common NN feature is a cross VBG a NN or a solar disc .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the last major colony NNP became independent in 1975 and since then only the islands of the former netherlands NNPS are part of the kingdom .	14	20	VBP	are	is
the `` modern '' NN of mike NNP -- playing golf -- is not JJ , i VBP , not NNP to the article .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the important consideration is that no changes were made to the rifle design specifically to VB with the JJ change from NNP to NNP , with the exception of the letter VBD on the side .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
there is , however , no sign that any such system was in fact used at athens , where the calendar seems to have been administered on an ad FW basis .	20	21	VBZ	seems	seem
i VBP you do not let this happen and that all the reference articles and magazine articles are more than enough .	13	17	VBP	are	is
the difficulty is with understanding how english speakers VBP the scope of NN in such sentences .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the assertion is correct , it will be VBN in other publications with a better reputation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the device comes with 2 batteries , one is a JJ battery and the other is a higher capacity battery which VBZ out of the back of the phone .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
however , many older residents continue to call it the south bronx .	4	5	VBP	continue	continues
this article is not promotional , it is JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
generally smooth , the cap surface is slightly JJ when NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if the article stays , so be it .	2	3	VBZ	stays	stay
jets beat the cincinnati NNPS and the los angeles raiders , both on the road .	0	1	VBP	beat	beats
its main fountain has a big bronze sculpture of josé NNP called el NNP , which has given the nickname to the square .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the JJ component is in fact the fixed leg and it is very easy to see why this is so .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oh , and the accusation of VBG is a bit of a stretch .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
a california domestic partnership is a legal relationship available to same-sex couples , and to certain JJ couples in which at least one party is at least 18 years of age .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia seems perfect for this as it opens this list for contributions from areas of the world where this information is difficult to encounter , VB egypt , middle east , russia , japan , etc .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the samples stored in digital NNS are usually of very high quality and made using world class NNS , expensive NNS , and NN NNS in a professional recording studio .	1	6	VBP	are	is
she argues that `` racist NNS are .	5	6	VBP	are	is
rocky 's friends advise him to love and marry a well educated girl so that his name will be added with her name after marriage ie , RB he gets a degree after his name .	2	3	VBP	advise	advises
in amy case , your interpretation of policy is RB at odds with the consensus of those who actually spend time editing the article .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
or a page where there is a related talk page where you can post your question and are more likely to get a response .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the new material is much more politically oriented in terms of lyrics and RB might be more comparable to the JJ extreme metal scene all the while maintaining the roots of what always set NNP apart from the field , a VBN , JJ bed of electronic NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some examples are from one of the most popular soap operas general hospital .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my main area of NN is cellular NN and NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
his arguments are RB similar to NNP , as both have accused me of being a NNP employee and a JJ account holder .	1	2	VBP	are	is
their best result is third overall ( first in the 2005 NN final ) while their worst finish is in JJ place .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the upper parts are brown , with some irregular black spots across the back .	2	3	VBP	are	is
generic male should probably be avoided - studies seem to show that it 's particularly prone to NN .	7	8	VBP	seem	seems
he often says things which seem so obvious that no one else wants to say ( or thinks necessary ) and tends to burst into song while working , as he believes it helps him think .	10	12	VBZ	wants	want
no consensus would simply duck VBG the matter after half a dozen NNP , this whole naming issue needs to go all the way to arbcom at this rate seen as this review is basically suggesting the others have enough numbers to block any NN with arguments irrelevant .	17	18	VBZ	needs	need
other hits by NNP include the JJ `` good times '' ( 1979 ) and `` everybody dance '' .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
the NN park features a mini NN , quarter pipe , manual box , launch NN , and a rail .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
it is however significant in the same way many other things on wikipedia are .	10	13	VBP	are	is
the 21st conducted joint training exercises along the northern continental frontier with the NNPS .	4	5	VBZ	exercises	exercise
the 3d concert movie received generally mixed to positive reviews from critics ; the film currently holds a score of 48 on NNP , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .	14	16	VBZ	holds	hold
upon defeating NNP , the player discovers that his true form is a small ( compared to the monsters ) JJ creature , which VBZ away as the player monster VBZ in victory .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
this page ( except in NNP view ' ) is fine , but the type size in the NN has enlarged on ordinary pages .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the film claims that this JJ NN of money to banks is capable of VBG any nation .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
a RB similar idea occurs in signs in national parks VBG what to do if VBG mountains lions , namely to fight back .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
JJ art covers any artistic work that is intended to VB JJ NN or that depicts scenes of NN .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the name comes from the saying that `` as ohio goes , so goes the nation '' .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the use of the foot NN is not widespread .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
most combination NNS for dogs contain a modified NN NN NN .	2	5	VBP	contain	contains
talk to any experienced bass guitarist about bass NNS and it is very likely they will speak highly of david eden NNS .	0	11	VBZ	is	are
NN is a concept that has many definitions , the united nations definition of NN is the most widely used .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
by NNP technology , reich 's army possesses many modern weapons including tanks and NNS , and is the strongest military force in NNP .	6	7	VBZ	possesses	possess
this wikipedia article includes content copied from the essay `` NNP tower '' in the dictionary of sydney , 2008 and licensed under NNP NN .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
several processes , to varying degrees internal to either a major or minor party , are in practice nearly VBZ to being permitted mention on the provided NNS , and even more so to winning office .	1	15	VBP	are	is
you need to JJ something , but i do n't think the process is JJ .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
libraries try very hard to have the books in place before that .	0	1	VBP	try	tries
the article clearly needs improvement to document that , however .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
a large part of the text is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
each NNP issue has an individual theme .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the principal damage sustained by aircraft flying into a volcanic ash cloud is NN to JJ surfaces , such as the NN and leading edges of the wings , and NN of ash into surface NNS , including engines .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
laser NNS have recently gained popularity , though tapes remain JJ in especially wet or JJ conditions .	8	9	VBP	remain	remains
the current titular archbishop is patrick NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ language is officially founded on JJ dialects , which are of JJ type , but in practice the norm is JJ NN just like in croatian and serbian .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the polish national basketball team is the national basketball side that represents poland in international competitions .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
so the water in NNP river is as holy as the NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in any case , this long term problem needs to be addressed .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
the individual in question has the right to sue reed for NN and in fact has ( though he will have an JJ battle VBG a jury to ignore his four VBD NNS to the crime ) .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
i would also note that edits of user collect are very rough , he usually simply VBZ whole sentences instead of trying to improve the text .	5	9	VBP	are	is
many events and most leadership training are carried out jointly , however most local units are JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
a sex scandal is a scandal involving allegations or information about JJ sexual activities being made public .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
knowledge of french is likely important when doing so , as RB the website is in french , as well the person responding to your email or VBG the phone will likely be a native french speaker .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
before i explain my reasons for my block , i would like to request that people assume good faith on my part .	15	16	VBP	assume	assumes
a unique thermal lake of nearly two NNS is open throughout the year in the grounds of NNP NNP NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
when the numbers are very large , no efficient , JJ NN NN algorithm is known ; an effort concluded in 2009 by several researchers VBD a JJ number ( NNP ) , VBG hundreds of machines over a span of 2 years .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the original roof profile is today only seen at the end of artillery row as seen from the prince 's NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
together these facilities are the largest source of employment in NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NN 's stable NN category is another example of a JJ category .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
favorite sources include manga , anime , comic books , video games , and films .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
along the way , two NNS warn them that the woods are VBN and recall a time that in 1888 , robin NNP was missing and search parties were dispatched .	5	6	VBP	warn	warns
its primary NNS include NNP venture partners and the national rural telecommunications cooperative .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the primary arts of NNP NNP NNP NN and NNP NNP , as taught to the founder by masters including NNP NNP other component arts include NNP , NNP and chinese NNP , which the founder studied on his extensive tours of japan , china and asia .	2	25	VBP	include	includes
JJ organizations are formations of people who have the same interests and are ran independently away from the government .	1	2	VBP	are	is
his NNS are diego NNP , NNP NNP , maría NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and hugo NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category is for american football coaches at the university of san diego .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the colour is light brown NN to the cell , sometimes VBD rather heavily with darker scales .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the route continues east through developed areas , VBG the eastern terminus of de 58 near the new castle airport .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
his given name is joshua wilson ; his grandmother 's name was marie NNP , after whom he writes and publishes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main river in the affected area is the NNP river , which is the second longest in south america after the amazon .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
verifiability `` if an article topic has no JJ , reliable , third-party sources , wikipedia should not have an article on that topic '' .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
without such a means of combining NNS , errors tend to VB .	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
the new facility is a `` NNP plant '' which will allow for the production of more than one vehicle that is based on the NNP platform .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN houses are very powerful entities , even VBG a representative among the high lords of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in addition , NN is a very bad for NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this system was based on the NNP symbolic tradition ; unfortunately , the meaning of some forgotten symbols is hard to recover .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP works fine for me at home , but on his ( higher NN ) pc , the interface is RB slow - there 's a delay of about three seconds when VBG an object , pressing a button , opening a menu , and so on .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
both NNS have a receptor that can be VBN by an input ( light in the case of visual system ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
there is little doubt that he has claimed membership , there is little doubt that they have VBN his membership , and the technical legal issue is a little bit interesting .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
some scholars such as NNP consider the currently preserved copy to be a NN , and NNP considers the whole narrative concerning the NNP to be `` NN of any historical value '' .	1	5	VBP	consider	considers
the first use of the verb is god preventing NNP from `` VBG against me '' by VBG abraham 's wife in genesis 20 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
all the general education courses are valid courses if taken at accredited universities and colleges that have regional accreditation .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the text of the NN indicates NN of recorded versions before don williams ' .	1	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate
weak keep -- an JJ school in northern ireland is probably unusual , which might justify its being kept .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
also , the reason why two separate colonies of NNS will attack each other even if they are of the same species is because the genes responsible for JJ production are different between them .	3	22	VBZ	is	are
the JJ fin is also JJ to VB white with white or yellow tips .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN is a variation of command guidance , the main difference being that the missile itself sends target tracking information back to the guidance system to aid it in VBG the NN .	14	16	VBZ	sends	send
all provinces in canada provide universal , publicly funded healthcare for those services which are considered `` RB necessary '' , with their costs partially VBN by the federal government .	1	4	VBP	provide	provides
the presence of a NN does not in itself cause harm ; a NN is merely a condition or set of conditions that may allow the NNP system or activity to be VBN by an attack .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
it is a NN that because professionals compete that they are not amateur competitions .	6	7	VBP	compete	competes
NNP is restricted to be a tree ) can be solved in JJ time on interval NNS , while the JJ NN problem is JJ on proper interval NN .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
reunion village , a cluster of protected NNS where various alumni associations and clubs hold NNS .	11	14	VBP	hold	holds
the name exists as i found a couple of NNP for it , but nothing at all in NNP , news or search to show notability for the family .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
the NNP source is quite different and , as the probable source , i think it is okay .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a historically important road crossing of the river NNP is from the village at NNP bridge ; the VBN stone bridge was built in CD .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
many people believe that women play no role in folk tales and fairy tales , or that NNPS used the female characters in their writing more than eastern writers .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
belief CD this category goes a little further into whether or not a key player will support or oppose a particular policy alternative .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
the company is a business unit of NNP industry NNP division , and is headquartered in NNP , texas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nature of the NNP canyon is specific and original .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the film VBZ themes of dominance , submission , love , and power .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
route 66 sites will refer to this as just the `` wagon wheel NNP '' without spelling out other facilities which used to be here ( the buildings still stand , so historically the full name is kept for NNP ) .	27	29	VBP	stand	stands
this means that this project page is disruptive .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
you do n't know what that flag means to me .	6	7	VBZ	means	mean
i am curious why their pages get to exist but mine does not .	5	6	VBP	get	gets
the library staff regularly visits schools and universities to expand its information network .	2	4	VBZ	visits	visit
no , your example relates to how a scientist would rate his sources , which is not the issue here .	3	4	VBZ	relates	relate
the style of NN and singing for each chief is different .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the group manages to climb high enough to break through the surface , and they VBP that they have emerged in the heart of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	manages	manage
the village is open on weekends during the summer season .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP language is now a degree programme at one university ( victoria university , wellington ) and is part of other degree programmes at another university ( auckland university ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
lack of activity is not a reason for deletion .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the report suggests that reasons for the pa 's failure to respond to the violence include , `` JJ laws that NN and VB such violence and the virtual absence of JJ policies to prevent violence , assist victims , and hold NNS JJ '' .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
each related thing is either a concept or an individual thing that is classified by a concept .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
additional cast members include tim blake nelson as the scientist samuel NNP , and robert NNP , jr .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
kosovo , then your interpretation is precise , logical , NN , and wrong .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP ski area in new hampshire VBZ their NN chair to a NN during the summer months .	2	6	VBZ	converts	convert
vienna capitals are a member of the NNP bank hockey league .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP road is a major road in scotland , united kingdom .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's name means `` the light of lion shrine .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
squadron 's mandate also includes supporting united nations and nato VBG operations , land force training , and support to other government departments .	2	4	VBZ	includes	include
his JJ compositions include `` NNS of london '' , `` lawyers , guns and money '' , `` roland the NNP thompson NNP '' and `` johnny strikes up the band '' , all of which are featured on his third album , NNP boy ( 1978 ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
in cases where the `` high '' dialect is RB not JJ to those exposed only to the NN , some people VBP that the two dialects are nevertheless a common language .	26	27	VBP	are	is
systems with CD and CD NNS are likely to become more common , assuming developments in NN and materials science proceed .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the time is two years hence , when only a NN will set RP the whole of europe .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school offers a strong college preparatory program which includes four years of english , five years of mathematics through NN , four years of spanish and french , three years of social studies including world NNS , u .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the album features more prominent guitar , with the keys acting as an accent and background instrument much of the time .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the department presents two NNS a year and a presentation of their NNP act competition piece in the late spring .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
it VBZ the spare country blues sound that took the band to international fame with their next album , 1988 's the trinity session .	5	6	VBP	sound	sounds
NNP 's father is an JJ NN who wants the best for his family and the community .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this means the family has no income at all .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
delete the article appears to be JJ and VBZ other more focused list articles by city or country .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the city of NNP 's history dates back to the 1859 pike 's peak gold rush , which brought not only gold NNS , but merchants and farmers to the community .	1	6	VBZ	dates	date
this choir remains autonomous from the association today .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the cost is expensive , so sometimes this type of NN is only installed in limited areas such as living room or `` clothes changing room '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the NNP song `` the science '' ( from his 2008 release NNP for president ) the rapper says `` .	18	19	VBZ	says	say
their eldest daughter is elizabeth , who is a successful playwright who is married to an equally successful man , claude .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the page is JJ finally and i am happy not to hear of it again .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
hard money loans are JJ NNS available from private investors .	2	3	VBP	are	is
land use maps show that between 2001 and 2007 most of the NN VBZ in NNP have been gradually converted for use in agriculture in both the dry and wet seasons .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
oh this one is so obviously NNP NNP !	2	3	VBZ	is	are
basically the dispute is he 's trying to insert a claim that the poles joined the german police first which started or VBD the violence .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the tower of the famous mosque of NNP resembles a JJ or JJ temple more than a traditional JJ mosque .	1	8	VBZ	resembles	resemble
even though the NNP card is JJ on the bus , tram and local railway lines , it can only be used for single NNS within one of the systems .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the largest district of NNP is NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the spring NNP mountain bike festival , the largest cycling event in southern oregon , is a series of races and events held each year in early march , starting from the town of NNP and including the lower slopes of mount NNP .	5	15	VBZ	is	are
RB the general public is not enough informed about greater slovenia this is why this article is here .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the game itself features international level soccer NNS and JJ options that makes a game anywhere from a length of a childhood soccer match ( 3 minute NNS ) to the length of an actual fifa soccer match ( 45 minute NNS ) .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
these resources are legally protected by NNS from demolition and inappropriate NNS - these resources are also eligible to receive municipal assistance .	14	15	VBP	are	is
many of the NNP services performed for construction projects are performed for environmental projects as well , but requirements tend to be less JJ because they involve fewer licensing and related requirements .	18	19	VBP	tend	tends
such NNS are often quite JJ , generally coming in NNS of blue or pale yellow or green .	1	2	VBP	are	is
each sheet in the NN NN has three columns of 12 blank lines .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
the NN self-titled album by american punk group black NNP features an image of NNP NNP as the album cover .	3	10	VBZ	features	feature
NNP 's work is largely directed towards the JJ market .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , dan NNP , under this suggestion , would be contrary to its own guidelines - it is referred to in many places that his surname is NNP NN ( as opposed to other characters , which are more subtle ) .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
the eastern part of NNP is in homer community consolidated school district CD .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the above equation of JJ NNS always applies , but the following approach may be more easily VBN .	2	7	VBZ	applies	apply
the upper and lower NNS to the NNS are late NNP gothic .	4	8	VBP	are	is
one success story that does exist is nintendo , who first applied the blue ocean strategy to create the nintendo NNP VBD game system which was the first portable gaming system to offer dual screen gaming and a touch screen in 2004 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
for these purposes , a particularly useful type of JJ decay is JJ NN .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
archive of NNP long island chapter `` the NNP NNP gang '' news ( newsletter ) ; includes JJ NNP letter .	14	17	VBZ	includes	include
a food court in the stamp student union provides a NN of dining options for the university community .	2	8	VBZ	provides	provide
he VBZ the arguments that moral NN is always welfare NN and that voluntary purchasing of health insurance makes people worse off .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN is similar to that of NNP ; the NNS of both of these animals are more advanced than those of other NNS .	10	16	VBP	are	is
the structural entity of NN is the NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
besides being used for entertainment and accommodation the building serves as a medical and dental clinic for the royal flying doctor service as required .	4	9	VBZ	serves	serve
an introduction to the art of wondering is an undergraduate philosophy textbook , originally published in 1973 , authored by james l .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
rs and he made an excellent case that the weight of the evidence is not with the way the article is written .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
as the NNS warm up , they expand ( water VBZ as it VBZ ) - so ocean levels get yet deeper .	9	10	VBZ	expands	expand
the city has a large railroad NN station that serves NNP , and used to connect the capital city with the NNP autonomous soviet socialist republic until the closing of the border with azerbaijan .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the all-time leader in titles won is argentina 's NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the two forms differ in how terms of a JJ type are introduced and eliminated .	2	3	VBP	differ	differs
this category includes NNS who participated in the 1935 NNP games in israel .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
even the most JJ NN has natural NNS that may overcome human training .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the other source of power is rank .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
her results show that she was a JJ student .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the main economic activities are cattle raising ( 31 , 000 head in 2006 ) and farming with modest production of NN , NN , and NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the picture seems to be floating in the air for the whole song with cuts of various other pictures in the video through an old house .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP makes it clear that no one leaves until angel is dead and asks for volunteers to do the job .	6	7	VBZ	leaves	leave
the school serves all of NNP , including the cities of NNP , clear lake shores , NNP bay , webster , el NNP , and taylor lake village and portions of houston , NNP , and league city .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the trunk is JJ , JJ m tall and JJ cm in diameter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film features the voices of william NNP , john hurt , michael graham cox , and anthony NNP of star wars fame , and was one of the first animated films to be presented RB in the NNP stereo sound system .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the game , supposedly called in NNP `` NNP '' , represents the famous battle of NNP valley between NN and NNS .	1	11	VBZ	represents	represent
another episode , NNP 's NNP , is an NN we get to see NNP 's family , you can tell they do n't have much money , living in a small NN like NN with a NN swing , screen door , etc .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP was made easier than the japanese version , by reducing the rate at which the player encounters enemies , but increasing the experience points gained from each encounter .	16	17	VBZ	encounters	encounter
the most simple version involves two NNS , with eight foundation NNS rather than four .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
support - no concerns with his record , we need more NNS , the NN tools are not very dangerous , and having a JJ NN would be helpful .	15	16	VBP	are	is
features of the garden include NNS and NNS , a fountain plot , a seat NN , and bee NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
JJ currency and the remains of red and orange NNS , identified as a trademark of their civilization , have been found along the route , remnants of which are also still visible .	26	29	VBP	are	is
this article is one of the most bias i have ever seen .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nevertheless , both towns still see considerable activity on the union pacific rail line that brought the towns into being .	3	5	VBP	see	sees
interpretation of dreams is the classic , the original , in the genre , if you will .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
even after VBG the questionable nom portion of the comments , the result is the same .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the population of NNP NN is CD , 400 ( 2011 census ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
many NNS and diseases are JJ and the more often a particular crop is taken , the greater the NN of NNS and diseases that attack it .	1	4	VBP	are	is
JJ JJ league is a relatively recent development in japanese football with the first attempt dated 1992 ( second division of the old NNP ) , though it only lasted for two seasons .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the north division consists of the detroit revolution , dc NNP and the chicago NNP .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the template `` JJ '' is very biased .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP is the centre of an agricultural area and the city has a country town feel to it .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
research , by david NNP , NN at the university of minnesota , suggests that `` NNS made from JJ NNS of prairie plants can reduce global warming by removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .	0	13	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNP vale railway station is a railway station serving the villages of NNP vale and NNP in NNP NNP , wales .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
public health advocates have questioned just how appropriate JJ youth smoking prevention programs are and to what extent they work to actually promote youth smoking .	12	13	VBP	are	is
prominent models include the big five model and NN models .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
according to NNP , priest NNP 's feelings for NNP are the basis behind NNP 's JJ NN with the blue eyes white dragon .	7	10	VBP	are	is
this is a minor point , any works created by ( us ) federal government employees in the course of their employment are not subject to copyright , and are in the public domain .	7	22	VBP	are	is
the song takes place on the main deck of the NN NNP ii on may 10 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the second link NNP points out is accessible through the article history .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS remember typical NNP elements in the design of houses and costumes ( NNP women did not wear NNS ) which , however , were abandoned in the process of NN .	0	1	VBP	remember	remembers
the school has the largest integrated sixth form in the united kingdom which shares teachers , resources and facilities with the JJR school ' , but also enjoys many more privileges .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the CD 's camera is a NNP camera ( resolution CD x CD NNS ) good enough for taking NNS with , but in no way is it an alternative to even the JJS digital cameras .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the important part is that the NNS need to be stopped and the behavior problems need to be addressed .	6	7	VBP	need	needs
the woods are JJ dark and deep , but i have promises to keep .	1	2	VBP	are	is
no one has ( 1 ) cited to any significant roles NNP NNP has had in films , television shows , stage performances , or other productions or ( 2 ) shown that any of those productions are notable .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ font is an NN shaped pool near the entrance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
quick NN - NNP includes common features in its JJ , while less common functions are in libraries which are loaded on demand .	14	15	VBP	are	is
insects of the families NNP and NNP arrive during the NN stage .	0	7	VBP	arrive	arrives
the most popular bachelor degrees granted are business administration ( 25 percent ) , nursing ( 13 percent ) , liberal arts ( 9 percent ) , biology ( 8 percent ) elementary education ( 7 percent ) and secondary education ( 7 percent ) .	4	6	VBP	are	is
humans , NNS and dolphins are all intelligent social animals , whose cooperative behavior proves far more successful than that of any individual alone .	0	5	VBP	are	is
she then VBZ that her heart loves NNP , not him .	5	6	VBZ	loves	love
the only extant thing we would need an admin for is whether to turn this banner off now , or have a lengthy discussion first .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the city is the birthplace of screen legend , NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJ patch does not extend below the JJ arch , and the NN between its eyes is wide .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
other influences to his training style include roger NNP and floyd NNP sr .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
the answer has probably something to do with wealth , security , hope for the future versus NN and religious NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the late medieval subject of the mass of st gregory shows a version of a JJ story that was VBN in later NN .	3	10	VBZ	shows	show
the orchestra is now under the direction of chuck NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
residents travel to NNP for emergency treatment .	0	1	VBP	travel	travels
i know that some here will feel that this discussion is JJ and i VBP for that , but i think it is a discussion that needs to be had , in the interests of improving the encyclopedia and especially the australian part RB .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
both JJ NN stores and typical arabic NNS are JJ in saudi arabia .	3	8	VBP	are	is
its name is JJ with the english terms brook and NN and indicated a region with small NNS along a stream .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the wealthy NNP of new york have asked him to take over his father 's job as their personal lawyer , but the money that will allow him the freedom to be an JJ NN is only part of the picture .	23	35	VBZ	is	are
the NN ends with a flow of JJ lava .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the story dates from JJ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
the local residents claimed that the owner of the factory that was VBN in the fire incident of 2006 , now operates from another address of the same area .	6	21	VBZ	operates	operate
i know a lot of people agree with me when i say this article is the perfect starting point .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the number after is the page number , which makes it easier to find where to go .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP case is not about that .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBN skin is effectively dead , and should be treated as a skin NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
hence , the NN limit state identifies a civil engineering structure which fails to meet technical requirements for use even though it may be strong enough to remain standing .	5	6	VBZ	identifies	identify
the academy is not the only one in the country , the NNP academy of sciences and arts is the country 's only internationally recognized national academy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these JJ forces are JJ in a smaller engine ; a larger engine 's much greater forces would cause an JJ degree of wear on the NN and cylinder , as well as increasing overall friction in the engine .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as many as 51 species of JJ birds VBP the reef for short stays .	4	8	VBP	inhabit	inhabits
the population of NNP NNP accounts for 36 .	1	5	VBZ	accounts	account
additionally , the communities found in the network are highly dependent on the choice of VBG function .	3	8	VBP	are	is
it shows the award of the golden apple , though NNS show NNP first painted an earlier point in the story , when the NNS are ordered to VB by mercury .	10	11	VBP	show	shows
the `` acting is really bad and the whole thing is so much fun you want to run to your local community theater group and have them put it on next , instead of NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this article has historical importance and significant coverage ( here ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ CD version has support on hp integrity servers of hp NNP series family ( NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP NN , NNP NN , NNP NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the political affiliation of his NNS is still a matter of dispute .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the details of the NNP marriage are neither notable nor important to the article .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the distance to NNP is and the distance to NNP is .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
designed and created by the university 's NNP NNP , the NN is a dramatic compound of CD NN pieces and represents the artist 's conception of the harmony of the law and the rich NN of the american legal system .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
another example for a reference to events in the NNP era is martha j .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the only reference is the church website .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when he asks NNP NNP ( donald NNP ) about the dreams , NNP VBZ that , in spite of his own studies , magic is no longer real , the dragons are dead , and dreams do not always come true .	31	32	VBP	are	is
NNS have forward pointing eyes , but ( for the same body weight ) NN heads are much broader than JJ heads .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the dual signature is the JJ md ( with the customer 's secret key ) of the VBN md 's of NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the company has its head office in NNP , italy .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP stations in general are notable , so if there is no real good story , please keep .	1	4	VBP	are	is
many species are NNS and are adapted to dry environments with NN soils .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP VBZ the bear until he discovers that the bear is n't bugs NNP when the real bugs is at the window .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
my only other suggestions as to areas where attention is needed are mostly quite JJ .	3	11	VBP	are	is
any JJ group is a JJ NNP , and RB any JJ NNP is either NN , or a NNP group , or a JJ group .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the book includes a JJ listing of some 23 , 000 towns ( plus alternate names ) , with the contemporary spelling being primary , associated country ( according to contemporary borders ) , orientation and distance in kilometers from the country 's capital city , and map coordinates .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
today the NNP NN top is quiet and peaceful , yet speaks of a people long gone .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
stanley teaches a wide variety of issues VBP children face , including change , growth , rules , and dealing with others .	8	9	VBP	face	faces
the course is home to more than half of the group one races held in france .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all episodes feature interviews with donald NNP and walter NNP .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
when reading about western canada on wikipedia , i 've noticed that many municipalities have both a name and a number , for example NNP no .	13	14	VBP	have	has
any member of the former countries wikiproject is free to add or change the rating of an article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
directions are according to traditional montreal map where downtown ( example , JJ NNP ) is JJ , with NNP to the north and the river to the south .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
the mean of the NNS is 20 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
almost all JJ students in the country are NNS and attend private schools .	3	7	VBP	are	is
JJ protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles of specific interest to NNP wikiproject which have a currently assessed quality rating of NNP , following the overall wikipedia assessment scale and rating scheme .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
however , the construction industry is subject to a number of risks , which can affect its growth .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
it should also be noted that this NN is the subject of a JJ debate on the related talk page , but there does not appear to be any consensus to VB it at this point .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
no standard NN method exists for the NNP languages , so the name would be VBN as NNP and not NNP .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
the database consists of a collection of data files , control files , and VB logs located on disk .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
similarly , when you know that a user objects to something ( e .	7	8	VBZ	objects	object
however , historically , this principle is very well known in the study of JJ probability distribution functions , namely in computing CD ( or NNP ) VBZ ( area under the probability distribution ) from the respective JJ distribution functions .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NN systems are the most complex component of home NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the bands draw their membership from a variety of sources throughout the community .	1	2	VBP	draw	draws
the random thermal NNS of the electrons are much faster than this , but still much slower than light , and with no tendency to occur in any particular direction .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the trail is 54 km long and runs from NNP railway station ( at NNP national park ) in the south to the river NNP at NNP NNP in the north .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although the garden contains some flower beds , it is primarily a natural area .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
in addition , the site of the JJ steam plant has the potential to yield archaeological information about the history of power generation in the united states .	4	10	VBZ	has	have
churches which have verifiable historical or architectural significance are notable .	0	8	VBP	are	is
NNP was one of the three locations in the danish monarchy where the first NN drew its numbers , and this expression dates from the early years of this NN 's life where a number of people tried to claim prizes in copenhagen with tickets from NNP .	21	22	VBZ	dates	date
the nearest railway station is NNP and the nearest airport is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the club plays in the mexican third division .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the rule is beyond three reverts in a 24 hour period .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not all NNS meet all the tests , but the examples above meet few or none of them .	2	3	VBP	meet	meets
the property is now the site of the paramount hotel .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
we are entitled to assume our readers know something about the twentieth century .	6	7	VBP	know	knows
its source is in the NNP mountains ( known also as NNP mountains ) of the southern NNP mountains .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the comedy group `` capitol steps '' takes its name from this NN .	2	7	VBZ	takes	take
similarly the JJ descriptions of NNP have been taken as evidence that the poet who composed it had seen a volcanic NN in iceland - but this is hardly certain .	13	27	VBZ	is	are
her novels are often much darker than the film adaptation of NNP would lead us to suppose , and characters are often RB damaged or RB JJ .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the JJ mechanisms involved in those NNS are big NNS today .	2	7	VBP	are	is
with films made primarily by lds NNS for an lds audience , the `` lds cinema '' movement is distinct from the broader use of mormon characters in mainstream hollywood films .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
because JJ tables of contents are only as good as the pages they link to , we 've been cleaning up large sections of wikipedia .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the neighborhood is home to only suspension bridge in the NNP valley , the st .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this program aims to provide an interactive platform for NNS to exchange and sell their products , and also to share their experience to the general public while the NNS can discover for themselves the creative spirit of the place through the guided tour provided by the centre .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
JJ NN coordinate systems are rectangular , and others are referred to as NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
according to NNP , through that program , the boy `` goes a NN '' .	9	11	VBZ	goes	go
these shows include contemporary music and have specific themes .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
total length of voivodeship roads in poland is of which are VBN ( 2008 ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
though the building on the outside is rather JJ with clean lines , in keeping with the large governmental buildings in the immediate context , the interior was meant to VB more intimate and JJ responses .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
i 've watched the incident several times and i view it as a very JJ red card .	6	9	VBP	view	views
for a municipal status , the minimum population is 150 , 000 with an annual income of not less than $ 20 million .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
utah 's current house delegation includes republican rob bishop , democrat jim NNP , and republican jason NNP .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
later , a phone call VBN from NNP connects him to russian NN NNP NNP ( NNP newman ) as NNP attempts to acquire a helicopter that has been modified to survive an electromagnetic pulse .	4	8	VBZ	connects	connect
additionally , if a patient is one hour late for surgery the patient will most likely still be undergo surgery .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
i 'd think that schools with legitimate graduate programs are notable simply based on that fact .	4	9	VBP	are	is
similarly , the authority that VBZ a privilege to someone is usually different from the authority that VBZ someone 's public key .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the bridge begins at the southwest end of the jay NNP pavilion 's great lawn and extends across monroe street , where it connects to the third floor of the art institute 's west pavilion .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
i only feel comfortable saying so because the amount of time and effort that this user has VBN from the development of dozens of what are almost exclusively political articles is a NN to the wikipedia project as a whole .	8	30	VBZ	is	are
the local football team is the NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his single reference is to JJ journalist .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the official motto of the show is `` never VBD , always JJ '' , topics usually include news at the time of airing like the predicted NN of may 21 , 2011 , plus personal topics .	15	17	VBP	include	includes
the subject might be notable , but the references used are trivial mentions , and a google review did not find him to be among the first few pages of results , except for this article .	8	10	VBP	are	is
titled london express , the album contains thirteen new tracks .	5	6	VBZ	contains	contain
when the NN binding occurs via local action , this is classified as JJ NN .	3	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
one of the problems with optical NN is that in modern digital cameras a JJ or JJ flash releases one or more NNS ' .	17	18	VBZ	releases	release
the latest new record is from alaska ( 2005 ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the southern and western borders of the cdp follow the town boundary of NNP .	4	8	VBP	follow	follows
NNP dogs provide stability and serve as a sort of NN for VBG the bar through the item being cut .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
as such they are common in forest NNS ( such as NNP hawks ) , and many NNS , particularly JJ ones ( JJ species have longer wings ) .	24	25	VBP	have	has
industry is little developed and consists of small transformation industries .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
humans , animals and living things come about through evolution from a single random NN that caused the first JJ molecule to appear ( probably in the JJ earth - but perhaps elsewhere if NN turns out to be true ) .	0	6	VBP	come	comes
look here '' '' there is no comparison in the degree of support NNS receive from the muslim majority ; it is not supported by `` minority NNS of NN muslims '' .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
in her own examination , sophie VBZ that many people agree with what she and her group have said and written , but they VBP not express such thoughts .	9	10	VBP	agree	agrees
the lucky girl chosen RB from conrad 's fan club is JJ kim NNP from sweet apple , ohio .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
NN activists claim that having an abortion increases the risk of developing breast cancer and NNS future NN .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
NNP district is fairly rich in mineral deposits .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
upon death , the spirit goes to a `` spirit world '' to VB the NN of the dead .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
many new stores also feature a dedicated NN department that makes fresh NN daily .	2	4	VBP	feature	features
the area is an ideal place to hide the natives from the japanese NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
cosmic boy , whose real name is NNP NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP who often have strong views and they are very quick to VB any violations of pov rules ) , so your `` concerns '' here are not to the point .	23	26	VBP	are	is
for example , these NNS possess long NNS and long , JJ NNS covered in fine NNS that aid them in feeding on particular flowers and plants .	4	5	VBP	possess	possesses
on plate CD ( NNP , scene NNP ) , three NNPS extend their right arms toward the emperor , their open hands held RB and their fingers spread .	27	28	VBP	spread	spreads
the second and third editions have a long dedication to lord NNP .	4	5	VBP	have	has
route 99 begins at the intersection of new NNP avenue and chelsea street , over the JJ tunnel of u .	0	2	VBZ	begins	begin
after the 2010 version incarnation of hawaii NNP was picked up by cbs for broadcast , starting with the second episode ( september 27 , 2010 ) , a chevrolet product placement deal includes a NNP rs used by danny williams ( scott NNP ) .	32	33	VBZ	includes	include
canada most JJ education institutions offer academic NN , especially to NN students .	4	5	VBP	offer	offers
according to the literature , the rates of NNS to VB and other foods vary by population .	13	14	VBP	vary	varies
customers choose products on the website , pay online and pick up their NNS at a big c store in the bangkok metropolitan region or central or northern thailand .	0	1	VBP	choose	chooses
but the burden is on you to prove that what you are saying is true by showing us where you got the information .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
she is being VBN while george is now being VBN by the police as he drives to the hospital where the NNS are now killing people , including NNP who as a NN tries to kill her sister .	32	33	VBZ	tries	try
most people who use it are not aware of its origin , and do not intend it to be taken that way .	1	5	VBP	are	is
speaking in 2006 , NNP NNP , an advisor to israeli prime minister NNP NNP , allegedly said that , `` the idea is to put the NNPS on a diet , but not to make them die of hunger .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the next day , NNP is kidnapped and the message for the NN is `` NNP for the item '' .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
companies based in NNP include NNP foods , gardner denver and the NNP manufacturing company .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
although his teammates appear to VB him , it is obvious they would n't know what they would do without him .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
if the receiver moves to the side of the NN , the delay from both stations will grow .	2	3	VBZ	moves	move
while hope is the most powerful of the seven emotions , blue NNP must be near an active green NNP 's power ring to VB into their own rings ' full power .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
evolutionary , the NN system appears to have emerged relatively recently and is most developed in species such as NNS which require fine motor control .	4	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the first xi team plays in the NNP cricket league and has reached the last 16 of the national village cricket cup on several occasions in the past 20 years , and is a regular NN for the NNP league title , winning three years running in JJ .	3	4	VBZ	plays	play
the building is actually an iron NN left over from the 18th century when the ore was common in the area and needed for the continental army in the american revolutionary war .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the spelling `` catherine '' is common in both english and french .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while i definitely agree that people suggest merge as an option all the time , the nominator foremost suggests merging information covered in the nominated article into another article .	5	6	VBP	suggest	suggests
the arabic number 1 looks similar to stick .	2	4	VBZ	looks	look
JJ NN is when parts of a module are grouped because the output from one part is the input to another part like an assembly line ( e .	4	8	VBP	are	is
keep high schools are notable -- JJ on cleanup and translation to english of foreign language section .	2	3	VBP	are	is
timber NNS ( ties ) are of many available NNS , and are often treated with NN , JJ , or other wood NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
keep , as schools are ( JJ ) inherently notable .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this secret refuge ( the name means window of the sunset in NNP ) consisted of a cave behind a JJ NN overlooking a pool , the `` NNP '' , stated to have been the `` JJS of the falls of NNP .	5	6	VBZ	means	mean
musical NNS are very individual and do not require any explanation or defence .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in the NN of the film , it is revealed that haven is a mining planet which is often used as a hiding place for those running from the law ( for a fee ) and is where some NNS or criminals decide to settle down .	39	42	VBP	decide	decides
florida state line , where the NN continues as florida state road 2 .	6	7	VBZ	continues	continue
due to the NN of NN NNS , many people switch to vinyl or JJ NNS .	9	10	VBP	switch	switches
some people like them , some hate them but they represent significant point of view .	1	6	VBP	hate	hates
the following two websites are excellent sources for the full names of french and austrian generals .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the state constitution provides for the creation of lower courts that may have original and JJ jurisdiction and be divided into geographical and functional divisions , `` as provided by law or by judicial rules adopted by the supreme court not JJ with law .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
that is , virtually JJ groups are JJ .	5	6	VBP	are	is
i just find it logical and fair to at least state what explain what the opposing viewpoint is before attacking it .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the press takes pictures of him and mayor adams together .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
its color is bright yellow , later turning to JJ to VB red .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a popular show which NNP began in 2005 is NNP NN NN ( farmer wants a wife ) , presented by NNP NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the entire town of springfield begins to act like bart , who at first enjoys things but begins to feel that his role as a NN is JJ .	2	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the funeral for alice mary NNP makes christmas for the other children a financial NN .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make
the perennial grass plant , imported from cameron highlands , gives off a strong JJ NN which VBZ NNS .	3	10	VBZ	gives	give
their growth begins the following spring , when the tree NNS begin to develop .	10	11	VBP	begin	begins
the unit operates a fleet of 55 aircraft and NNS approximately 50 students and 20 NNS per NN .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
places named in honour of grey include NNP in the NNP region of new zealand , NNP , NNP , south africa and the division of grey , an australian electoral division in south australia .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
though one may VB the media for its judgment , its impact on the public is JJ .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the newest clubs active in the NNP NNP include NNP gas , real NNP and sport NNP .	2	8	VBP	include	includes
if you read above , NNP , who was the principal NNS does agree that the article now provides secondary references which do establish NN .	16	18	VBZ	provides	provide
the convert is who feels VBN by an JJ force to leave a JJ order and seek his own proper way .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other former NNS include the green dragon ( previously known as the bull ) on the market street green , which was also open by CD and closed by the 1960s .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
these neighborhoods fail to provide quality schools and stable jobs .	1	2	VBP	fail	fails
a distinct JJ usage describes NNS as a NN and governance for the NNS of facilities management ensuring that the greatest value is delivered to all NNS .	3	4	VBZ	describes	describe
one way street regional festivals are JJ festivals sponsored by the JJ puppet NN , one way street , inc .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this layer contains one NN for each case in the training data set .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
only central section but template makes no sense as part of a page .	2	5	VBZ	makes	make
in this usage , a city is a type of town ; a large one , with a certain status .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
i know for a fact that my JJ european daughter has no plans to include the NN as part of her future NN .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
working men 's clubs are numerous in britain , especially in north east england and have been a useful training ground for artists , especially NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in particular , the teeth of NNS bear the closest resemblance to those of NNP .	4	7	VBP	bear	bears
hi both , the simple answer is just to experiment on your own user pages .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
c NN before evacuation and NN , all external metal surfaces have to be VBN with thick ( 25 NNS or more ) layer of soft gold .	10	11	VBP	have	has
this may occur when a NN analysis has to performed RB , perhaps using data from an NN or uncertainty analysis , or when data comes from a JJ source .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the ( full ) NN NN scheme consists of all instances of this NN , over all JJ NNS .	6	7	VBZ	consists	consist
germanic and slavic words in NNP are often NNP .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the land axis connects mount NNP , capital hill and red hill and extends off towards mount NNP the australian capital territory 's highest mountain .	2	3	VBZ	connects	connect
need represents both perceived and actual need for health care services .	0	1	VBZ	represents	represent
her good looks get her more JJ attention than she sometimes wants .	2	3	VBP	get	gets
the article needs more work , but i think we have a bit more than just the NN to go on here .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
a poem attributed to emperor wu of han VBZ a 101 bce victory over western tribes .	1	8	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
fair use in NNP and NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ merger , where the commission has been trying to enforce the free movement of capital , while spain firmly VBZ its perceived national interests .	1	20	VBZ	protects	protect
after leaving NNP , NNP , and NNP , the NNS return home in NNP 's ship , where it is revealed that both NNP and NNP are pregnant .	10	11	VBP	return	returns
some officers believe this is a bad idea and would hurt information sharing , the critical problem with the fbi .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
NNP constant , c is the speed of light .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
rocks in NNP are from the JJ age .	0	3	VBP	are	is
centre for information and media technology ( NNP ) as a central unit and ( NN ) media centre of NNP , the NNP provides NNS and services in the field of digital information delivery and processing .	18	24	VBZ	provides	provide
note that other television shows and televised events also have a separate article on international NNS ( broadcasting of the simpsons , list of NNP NNS and home video releases , live 8 NNS , etc .	4	9	VBP	have	has
the expression `` free union '' includes situations such as NN , NN of marriage as such , or inability to make long-term NNS .	4	6	VBZ	includes	include
several episodes concentrate on him , as well as his emotional and intellectual struggles .	1	2	VBP	concentrate	concentrates
that territory was later incorporated into the state of oklahoma , whose southern border now follows the south fork .	13	15	VBZ	follows	follow
the original album is available for download on itunes .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several locations provide NN stations that allow customers to check out materials on their own .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
as a result , the building presents an JJ design , with NNS modeled after different styles .	5	6	VBZ	presents	present
VBN NNP the NNP in its NNP integral edition ( 2005 ) , the book features the JJ NNP the NNP in linked stories .	14	15	VBZ	features	feature
open JJ championship , the competition is by invitation only , though it is open to spectators .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the aim of the centre is to create a database of the people in need , to provide emergency humanitarian help and to collect and VB donations both from the public and from other ukrainian artists and NNS to support the victims of the flood .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
phd individuals who VBP in NNP NNS typically work in the JJ laboratory , VBG and VBG specialized JJ tests that measure amino acids , organic acids , and enzyme activity .	1	8	VBP	work	works
other classes include JJ survival , art , music , health , physical education , and foreign languages , of which students may choose to take either dutch or spanish .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
with a second object b present , however , a fraction of the particles that would otherwise have struck a from the direction of b is VBN , so b works as a shield , i .	10	30	VBZ	works	work
chambers contain prominent JJ NN and JJ deposits .	0	1	VBP	contain	contains
also notice that each entry has an article in wikipedia already , and this in not a telephone book list .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
topics covered include NN , NN , JJ disease , NN , NN , NN , public health , NN , and tropical medicine .	0	2	VBP	include	includes
the original NN from this library still stands today .	2	7	VBZ	stands	stand
keep - article is now much better sourced than it was when it was nominated and i believe that enough notability has been shown , as much as is reasonably possible for a mall anyway .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while NN is often accompanied by severe side effects , cancer NNS tend to have only minimal ones ( often only NNS of the injection site ) .	11	12	VBP	tend	tends
according to the latest estimates , CD million people are JJ and NNS of these are women .	8	9	VBP	are	is
a likely explanation is that both composers took the theme from another unknown source .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
although the festival 's primary mandate is to produce the works of shakespeare , its season VBZ usually include a variety of classical and contemporary works and at least one musical .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the feat still remains as the longest NN ever for a major league NN debut .	1	3	VBZ	remains	remain
in many , the NN is quite large ( i noticed the op 's examples were all african ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
by VBG NNS developed by NN , NNP argues that humans tend to seek some object that would seem to promise NN .	10	11	VBP	tend	tends
the player has full control of their character and can run around freely with their troops following them .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP again was the NN of the innings and was not out for 68 when the winning runs came .	16	17	VBZ	runs	run
the NNP games logo is a registered trademark of random house , inc .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the flat fruit NN is generally round or JJ with a wing that goes all the way around the NN , giving it a JJ look .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this page list works that are NNS or a large part of the work are NNS .	3	14	VBP	are	is
the result of the debate was JJ ; no point deleting content if valid user wants it .	14	15	VBZ	wants	want
NN records and cds are much sought after by collectors , since most were produced in limited runs and are rare and hard to find .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the article is about a music album , however , NNP insists on VBG content that is about the band and already included in the band article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the user , based on their name and userpage , appears to be using a role account .	1	10	VBZ	appears	appear
since they are based on physical NNS of common objects , like springs , the behavior of the algorithms is relatively easy to VB and understand .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
a third area , the NNP highland , extends from the southern end of the NNP highland in the area of vernon and NNP in the northern NNP region into washington state , and also VBZ the NNP mountains .	2	8	VBZ	extends	extend
the warm reception from the city of NNP and local sponsors is a welcome change for the team .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
however , given that people are interested in discussing , and someone says that the second content is JJ , send it to afd .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
keep , the tour has been officially announced , clearly more references need to be added .	11	12	VBP	need	needs
this article is basically an advertisement for a product VBN with a NN of science to make it appear more substantial than what it really is .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the chain also represents the NN of one chief petty officer on another to get the job done and VBZ him not to be the weak link in the chain .	1	3	VBZ	represents	represent
VBG 's account was created , and the user began to exhibit identical behavior in editing identical subject matter , indicating that the user is a likely sock puppet .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
cliff is a former fraternity NN who works as an assistant hotel manager .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the article could be better VBN to make it entirely clear that the cartoon represents a viewpoint , and should also describe the response to the cartoon , as supported by the sources .	13	14	VBZ	represents	represent
the forbidden sequences are determined by the NN of which the NN number is a root .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP explains that things look as though NNP was being VBN but fought back .	3	4	VBP	look	looks
the table below includes international monetary fund NNP data for 2010 for all 22 members of the arab league .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
both users refuse to gather consensus for their edits and have been reverting all reverts to previous consensus .	1	2	VBP	refuse	refuses
NN to form a `` paper township '' , but the city government is dominant .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
another NN design is the sit NN , which holds the JJ partner NN , rather than NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many local buildings contain stone which originated as part of the abbey .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
the net benefit of intervention a over intervention b is therefore 1 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
hebrew NNP edition text , and the corresponding page consists of an english translation .	3	9	VBZ	consists	consist
groups ( 3 people ) are begin set up now .	3	5	VBP	are	is
principles of expression have a similar and consistent application .	0	3	VBP	have	has
this article claims no notability of its subject .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the memory loss includes some `` JJ '' loss like `` who is the president '' and long term `` JJ '' memory loss like not know where he went to school or if graduated and things that he did for a full year 5 years ago .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
note that the industry trade body is called the society of motor manufacturers and traders and of course a motor manufacturer produces more than engines .	20	21	VBZ	produces	produce
the stated primary purpose of maintaining the informal groups is to take care of the teaching in their respective disciplines .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
in many countries , the moral rights of an author are JJ .	6	10	VBP	are	is
commanding officers normally hold the position for a term of three years .	1	3	VBP	hold	holds
the song text describes a guy who wants to know if NNP is more than a friend .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
if people are really interested in knowing about a list of defunct stores and why they are inactive , they can simply click on the category and read the selected articles .	1	2	VBP	are	is
quotes from movie dialogue should be removed however , unless the movie really has something to say about the topic and another source says so .	22	23	VBZ	says	say
thus to get a meaningful NN value for the point at which the first NN occurs , you need to decide what value this variable should take if no such NN occurs .	14	15	VBZ	occurs	occur
from canton , the highway runs RB through kent and NNP to aurora , where it then turns RB , and passes through suburban cleveland before entering the city proper , and coming to an end in downtown at public square .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run
now the template appears differently in different articles .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
strike has the power to shoot fire from his hands because of power NNS that he wears .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
his success changes him , however , because he loses an important part of himself .	1	2	VBZ	changes	change
the east window is a triple stepped NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his aim is to apply a method to demonstrate these two NNS , in a so clear and evident manner that result to be evident .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
soon , NNP and NNP discover the local zoo whose claim to fame is that they 've never had a successful animal birth .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
falcon ridge folk festival performances take place on several stages .	4	5	VBP	take	takes
comment keep if rewritten and independent , JJ reviews provided , delete otherwise i think this case is at risk of VBG out of control and personal issues might VB factual issues .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the film focuses on the interaction between the three as their conversations turn from their lack of food to their musical NNS to plans of escape .	11	12	VBP	turn	turns
most ma programs are JJ year programs , most phd programs are a minimum of 5 .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the school has approximately 400 pupils .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
notability - the wikiproject airports recommendation is that NNS and other NN airports ( not open to the public or marketed in public ) are not considered notable on their own .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the mission has a 3 schools - NNP primary school , a secondary school for girls called st NNP 's ' NNP as well as a JJ school called saint NNP college ( zimbabwe ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
one NN NN is in the american museum of natural history collection ( specimen NNP CD ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i am not sure if this position is consensus within wikipedia , but that can be determined in future discussions .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a proof procedure for a logic is complete if it produces a proof for each JJ statement .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the quartet begins with a NN d , played NN , and a NN figure , that VBZ the NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
in all models , club members provide an JJ sum and an annual fee though the exact amounts vary significantly by NN .	17	18	VBP	vary	varies
however , a NN brings NNP and ana NNP together when he mistakes her for NNP NNP , an italian NN known as the countess of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	brings	bring
the most important parameter controlling the maximum earthquake magnitude on a fault is however not the maximum available length , but the available width because the latter varies by a factor of 20 .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ burial , also known as live burial , burial alive , or NN , means to be buried while still alive .	1	15	VBZ	means	mean
this proposal combines at least three radical ideas that most people reject .	1	2	VBZ	combines	combine
the list topic is musicians who perform rhythm guitar .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current save the children article appears to cover the entire international organisation , including the uk .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
looking at this gallery , the flags of sri lanka and the de facto independent NNP republic also have JJ decoration on the fly , but not to the extreme that NNP has taken it .	6	18	VBP	have	has
as NNS of sex positive culture , we believe that the appropriate uses of sex extend beyond reproduction .	12	15	VBP	extend	extends
the village contains two temples which are used by the native NNP clan to worship their ancestors .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
but if the statement is his own , it is largely VBN by other sources .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a sequel was released on may 29 , 2008 in japan and in north america on august 25 , 2009 , the sequel 's story is set 15 years later after the original game , and the only returning characters are NNP , tony , and NNP .	39	40	VBP	are	is
NNS are commonly ( but incorrectly ) referred to as `` NNS '' ; the post of controller was a historic post prior to the introduction of the NNP programme , and was responsible for the supervision and staff welfare of NNP operators on a particular borough .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the movie follows the actions of NNP NNP , who helps george washington and paul NNP during the american revolutionary war .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the highway runs from md 107 in NNP north to md CD in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the building is huge and there are many good sides , and other interesting buildings in the museum complex .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one example of musical side projects is kiss 's decision in 1978 to have each member of the band , gene NNP , paul stanley , ace NNP and peter NNP , simultaneously release solo albums .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the lack of them has nothing to do with regular editing .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the intent of founding the college is to deliver a framework whereby civil servants could learn to VB and , moreover , NNPS could be assisted toward building the appropriate NNS to regularly seek out higher civil service offices .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the most common file extensions used for NNP documents are .	4	9	VBP	are	is
NNP theorem implies that infinite structures can not be RB VBN in JJ logic .	1	2	VBZ	implies	imply
sunday NNS can also have serious traffic NN , as people head home from weekend shopping trips or weekend homes .	10	11	VBP	head	heads
cartoon network shows with established fan NNS , such as NNP 's laboratory , allowed the network to pursue licensing agreements with companies interested in selling JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
many drainage schemes also date to the end of NNP when many soldiers returned en NN to civilian life .	2	4	VBP	date	dates
this name comes from the NN and international theatrical agent h .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
NNP society ( NN ) is a term to describe the early ancient tribal society around the time of the three NNP and five NNS era in ancient chinese history and mythology .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the upper NN is functioning as an active NN , in linear mode , while the lower NN works RB .	17	18	VBZ	works	work
this mechanism permits the NNS to VB energy before striking or releasing the NNS rapidly .	1	2	VBZ	permits	permit
if you want to `` watch '' when the robot changes this data you have to watch this page instead .	9	10	VBZ	changes	change
the temple faces west and the NNP is presently used for storage purposes .	1	2	VBZ	faces	face
NNS by religious organizations are very real events in history .	0	4	VBP	are	is
every year the organization chooses one country as focus country highlighted during the festival .	3	4	VBZ	chooses	choose
not only , so-called or JJ , NNS but no one has any chance against the JJ pressure of total NN .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
the episode article contains only this single NN , and the rationale VBZ its purpose .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
from 20 to 29 september ( 10 days ) the church attracts a huge crowd for the feast of st .	10	11	VBZ	attracts	attract
the mouth of the cave is approximately wide and high ( CD x CD ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the rope in NNP is over CD long and VBZ more than 40 metric tons .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this category features articles relating to reserve team football .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the protagonist of the story is NNP , who RB enters the world of the NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
when a NN hunter comes to town looking for a black NN , robert e .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
her current teacher is susan NNP young .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this list VBZ compilation and NN albums .	1	2	VBZ	excludes	exclude
his stay in venice is JJ , but the influence on his style is clear .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS come in pairs of two , which are VBN to be the same dimensions their corresponding faces .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
that is the issue that has been raised by many here , that the sources cover various conventions , and not mr .	14	15	VBP	cover	covers
strong delete - per nom , no one editor is a higher class than the other .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
RB , the elements usually fall into the classification of NN NN , a voluntary act or NN , and VBZ NN , the intent to commit ( or VB ) that act .	3	5	VBP	fall	falls
his spirit , however , seems to still be alive within the speed force , along with max mercury and other NNS .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
these firms are very useful in identifying whether a land or building is in flood zone are not .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in hot pot , teams travel to the hot pot restaurant .	4	5	VBP	travel	travels
NN is a JJ medical condition in which cells from the NN of the NN ( NN ) appear and JJ outside the JJ NN , most commonly on the membrane which lines the JJ NN , the NN .	8	18	VBP	appear	appears
this one is just an example .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i just wonder if the best thing is to keep NNS separated , or to merge together , for instance , this one , this one , this one , some stuff about JJ variation etc .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
bishops of NNP have existed since CD ; the first historically known bishop is NNP , who was present at the council of NNP in CD .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
many historical NN groups , especially those whose focus is NNP or the middle ages , commonly use mail both as practical armour and for VBG .	3	17	VBP	use	uses
dispute NN 's edit ( here ) VBZ that NNP `` copied RB '' from 3 european artists , citing a source for only 1 assertion .	3	7	VBZ	asserts	assert
RB stated this will be his final album because family issues involving his children but he has said he will still do some behind the scene work and a couple features every so often .	29	30	VBZ	features	feature
former NNS of note include charles s .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
several long term injuries put everything into a holding pattern , and left very little focus .	3	4	VBP	put	puts
the city 's economy VBZ largely around its fine natural harbor , which is the largest natural harbor on the continent of africa .	3	4	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the NN network carries 54 million passengers trips per year , adding up to CD million NNS .	2	3	VBZ	carries	carry
the NNP built project is a project to gather data on ships built in NNP and on the people who sailed them .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the article looks really good , and i will try to take a close look sometimes later today .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
NNP cycle '' is a term used by persons in the emergency medical field as a nickname for a motorcycle .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
specialty finishes and its specialty marine NNP unit provide industrial NN and marine VBG services .	1	8	VBP	provide	provides
NNS that end in NN and NN have NNS that end in NN or VB even though the i is JJ in the stem .	0	7	VBP	have	has
discuss it on the relevant talk page or add your own assessment - the overall ratings shown are not final yet .	15	17	VBP	are	is
the language of the NNP in NNP has more western slavic features than the language of the northern NNP .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
NNS like ice cream and NNS have some form of dairy as their main NN , whereas NNS like NNS and NNS have relatively small amounts .	17	22	VBP	have	has
the signs actually refer to the exit after the next one , and are there so you can determine if you need to take the next exit or can hold out until the following one .	1	3	VBP	refer	refers
he supports the VBG out of such information so that is a clear fact , JJ , that is what his whole website is about , he supports and encourages readers of his website to do that everywhere .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
NN station was given the name because the JJ station is about a NN on foot from the frankfurt stadium , the NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it has been included as a subspecies of the similar JJ NNP , but today all major authorities accept the split .	17	18	VBP	accept	accepts
JJ males , particularly young males , live in bachelor NNS and are VBN from the females by the territorial males .	1	7	VBP	live	lives
the use of NN rather than VBG by heat the two layers of glass is what VBZ the process in english from the gold glass technique , although in german `` NNS '' is often used for both .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
this bill is not a wide interest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
regular bus service from NNP to the NN was discontinued in 2005 , though during the high summer season , JJ bus services are still available .	22	23	VBP	are	is
f variants remain in service with the united states navy and united states marine corps as an NN trainer .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
even that source you just presented still has nothing to do with NNP to destruction .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
this NN determines the resistance against temperature and chemicals .	1	2	VBZ	determines	determine
delete - NNS to essays are one thing .	2	5	VBP	are	is
body colour is dark brown with JJ brown around the head , NN and legs ( see images of male and female on this page ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my vote is delete unless a reason is given .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
therefore this article seems useless in any way since it lacks any verification or any other info .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the NNP by tony NNP - a young man assists another boy who jokes about being a NNP in training for the track team , only to find that it was no joke , and finds himself face to face with a NNP .	8	9	VBZ	assists	assist
this island contains the ruins of an early christian chapel .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this phenomenon is part of bay color NNS , but usually not seen in darker NNS of bay because there is less red in the hair shaft .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in this view , the system VBZ the rich , such that the `` rich have gotten RBR , the weak JJR '' , admits NN gerald NNP .	5	6	VBZ	favors	favor
NNP 's record is also the most test runs by a pakistani .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
their biggest successes are the victory in the european championship of 1993 at home in germany , the silver medal in the 2005 european championships and the bronze medal in the 2002 NNP world championship .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in order to make computers run faster , we now need programming languages that help NNS express NNS in a JJ way , without making the various NNS keep stopping and comparing notes .	27	28	VBP	keep	keeps
no evidence that this bot is actively edit warring is in place .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
and RB , the roof of the NNP cathedral seems to be the same colour as the inside of the NNP NN i linked to above .	4	9	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP NNS are chris NNP , tony elliott , roger NNP , christopher NNP , john hurt , NNP NNP , charlie NNP , NNP NNP , anthony smith , NNP smith , NNP NNP , jeremy thomas and alan NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
now the only way to get NNP out of danger is for NNP to VB NNP and he does not just that , with a powerful NN to this saga .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the former NN much of the valley upon which the borough of NNP now stands , and the latter the JJ area north of the borough west to NNP , south of present day NNP .	10	14	VBZ	stands	stand
revolution 9 '' is a recorded composition that appeared on the beatles ' 1968 self-titled lp release ( popularly known as the white album ) .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
characteristics of their roller NNS are NN hills ( multiple straight or slightly VBN drops that went all the way to the ground ) and large , flat turns .	0	5	VBP	are	is
RB the group falls wholly within south NNP province .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
some practitioners of NNP are mostly concerned with the cost of the product up until the point that the customer takes delivery ( e .	19	20	VBZ	takes	take
NNP said that the game 's JJ release on windows and NNP was due to NNP 's business model ; the company VBZ its game releases between NNP and xbox live arcade , as they want to `` give the wii a little love as well '' .	24	25	VBZ	releases	release
the vast majority of work is by JJ volunteers .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN are also filter NNS , but they filter larger particles than silver NN and in general VBP a greater proportion of NN in their NNS than silver NN , which VBP more NN .	11	18	VBP	consume	consumes
a common structural theme in JJ NNS is the addition of NN units to the various core structures .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the use of NNS ( VBN NNS ) in rabbit hunting is common .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
dan 's JJ website is currently NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its headquarters are in the town of NNP where the state polytechnic has one of its campus ( the NNP campus ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the bull fights are unique in NNP and have been designated as an important JJ national cultural NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the music video features the two girls dressed up in JJ NNS while VBG RB by a busy road and sitting on a NN in an abandoned urban lot .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
NN insists that only 2006 information is to be at the article despite reliable sources showing a business entity of the same name from 1962 to 1988 .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the service offers JJ video through a JJ interface , building on the 55 shows already VBN or released online .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
an evaluation of giant NNS and other evidence that some believe prove that the NN , JJ creature really exists .	17	19	VBZ	exists	exist
celebrity head two contestants listen to a quote from a famous celebrity .	3	4	VBP	listen	listens
the cost of high voltage electricity transmission ( as opposed to the costs of electricity distribution ) is RB low , compared to all other costs VBG in a consumer 's electricity bill .	1	17	VBZ	is	are
the municipality of NNP is the nearest mainland to the NNP NNP NNP NNP , or NNP NNP , and by virtue of proximity , the latter is a designated part of the municipality .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
these findings are not yet RB significant , and need to be confirmed after all patients have finished three years of therapy .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the reason i think that will help overcome NN is that the side of the carriage in the direction of NN will rise slightly , opposing the NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the official language of NNP is english , which is used to conduct official business and is the medium of instruction in schools .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
tradition 0 is responsible for the NN of churches and NNS in the united states .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the reservoir is about north of oregon route CD in the NNP national forest about east of eugene .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , the loss of JJ JJ capacity is slowly progressive and most eventually need NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
four puerto rican NNS shoot and wound five members of the united states congress during an immigration debate .	3	4	VBP	shoot	shoots
one common laboratory instrument is the reaction NN , where the heat flow into or from the reaction vessel is VBN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a NN ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it might allow some extra weight for proposals VBG funding especially if any news stories mention it , but nothing more .	14	15	VBP	mention	mentions
the name stands for NN , NN , NN ( biology , physics , chemistry ) .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
the NNP annual report says nothing about anything the subject has done .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
two baptist churches catch fire and a third is broken into over the weekend in NNP , NNP , creating a task force composed of local police and fire , NNP NNP , NNP , and the fbi .	2	3	VBP	catch	catches
however , the attempt fails , causing pain to the trapped personnel .	3	4	VBZ	fails	fail
she was very JJ , and her features , though somewhat thin , are attractive .	7	13	VBP	are	is
blp violations suggest a JJ NN which has no place on an NN , especially given the non-notable nature of the topic .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests
the NNP phases ( also known as JJ or NNP structure types ) are series of JJ compounds with the chemical formula NNP ( where a is a transition metal and b can be any element ) and a specific structure .	2	13	VBP	are	is
NN , virtual channel 56 ( NNP digital channel 44 ) , is an NNP television JJ television station located in edmonton , alberta , canada .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the order of information seems a bit odd in the primary school section .	1	4	VBZ	seems	seem
this world cup will be the opportunity to showcase the regions of france where the wonderful sport of rugby is deeply JJ '' .	16	19	VBZ	is	are
the NNP book gives the title in the article , and is apparently based on the manuscript paris , NNP NNP , fr .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
participants take turns providing food for the entire group , rather than each participant bringing a dish .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
importantly , the united states is not one of the countries where this is pretty unusual and rare to warrant its inclusion ; NNS on this scale occur at least JJ times a year .	23	27	VBP	occur	occurs
the firm serves as the chicago office of the NNP firm .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
as the relationship VBZ , an individual financial planning client 's objective in working with a comprehensive financial NN is to clearly understand what needs to be done to implement the financial plan created for them .	11	19	VBZ	is	are
construction of the NNP software park station begins .	0	7	VBZ	begins	begin
like hearts , points calculated are on an JJ basis ; usually , players will be given the points that are assigned to whatever point cards he collected after one round .	3	5	VBP	are	is
while some might disagree , the issues are the same on a fundamental basis .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the NN is normally like a NN or hammer NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the team is not independently notable of the individual wrestlers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the film follows different couples and their love stories around the world , in cairo , normandy , oslo and new york .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
other JJ evidence from the books suggests that NNP and the other `` NNS '' , including his dam NNP NNP , daughter NNP , son lightning , and grandson NNP are also NNP , rather than NNS , which is the next most likely NN .	2	6	VBZ	suggests	suggest
animals add not only motion , but RB as well .	0	1	VBP	add	adds
the method of the VBG keeps the system JJ and the NN laws of electrons and holes are assumed to be JJ and NN .	1	5	VBZ	keeps	keep
these edits are the basis for the block .	1	2	VBP	are	is
another difference is that the base color is black .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the region VBZ from western china to the cook islands , and from mongolia in the north to NNP in the south .	1	2	VBZ	stretches	stretch
using a talent team of on camera hosts , the show is a custom mix of action sports and music .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
examples are sun and planet NN ( see below ) and mechanical NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
sections have been upgraded to dual NN status , though sections of the route remain single NN .	10	14	VBP	remain	remains
a well-known example with NN problems is a distributed lock manager , which VBZ lock ( JJ conflict ) information across the distributed system to implement VBG techniques .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the course is thorough in its preparation and testing for potential masters candidates .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the album breaks new soil without VBG our roots .	1	2	VBZ	breaks	break
the author is a student of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other collections include NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NN , NN , NNS , and RB , as well as a native grove of NN trees ( NNP NN ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
perhaps the most well-known spot is an area that was once called `` la NNP '' ( the fortress ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
with the abolition of the NN ( strip card ) on 3 november 2011 , only the NN ( star subscription ) remains organized under the national NN system .	20	22	VBZ	remains	remain
the translation of this list is a royal pain in the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in this as in other poems , the poet turns his wife 's body into a JJ symbol of NN and hope , of JJ power RB needed in a broken spain .	8	9	VBZ	turns	turn
on second thought , redirect to william campbell , but no merge , since this article already has this information , written in a much better manner .	11	17	VBZ	has	have
we volunteers are here to help you use the encyclopedia to find specific information ; this is not a discussion forum .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its principal trading ports are NNP , on the NNP plains coast , and al NNP and NNP on the NNP side .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NNP girls decide to be friends , not lovers , the clear message is that the relationship can be VBN and controlled by the girl , with an emphasis on stating where they come from and what they stand for .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
what is visible includes the remains of a large temple , built on the same model as that of NNP , an arm of a JJ statue ( more than 4 m in height ) and many inscriptions are visible in museums of die and of NNP .	37	38	VBP	are	is
i admit i am in the dark on that one , but i like to VB on the side of NN and think that one link is enough , that the main site would somewhere link to these NNS .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
his record in public service speaks for itself .	1	5	VBZ	speaks	speak
keep the article needs significant clean up , but it is already tagged as having too much trivia , etc .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
though i VBP your oppose is JJ , i think it was expressed very poorly .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
after the season finale was broadcast several NNS made fans believe that NNP NNP was originally planned to be a member of the group but after the `` amazon incident '' was replaced by NNP NNP .	9	10	VBP	believe	believes
the list has a NN about NN , which is obviously a western NN and is not shared by the chinese .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this miniature depicts NNP VBG to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
the film includes JJ tracking shots , JJ lighting and JJ film editing that was inspired by german NNP films .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the play is very popular to this day .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the primary task of the committee is to resolve conduct disputes .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the following to `` come get it '' was the song is it good to you originally intended for destiny 's child and produced by NNP .	10	11	VBZ	Is	Are
this section contains links to other JJ material in wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
my friends call me the NNP .	1	2	VBP	call	calls
as the lower ring NNS , the balls to orbit between the upper and lower rings , and balls roll over the bed of coal on the lower ring .	18	19	VBP	roll	rolls
VBN as `` a NN NN '' and `` a poet of the ordinary , '' keith carter is an internationally acclaimed photographer whose work has been shown in over one hundred solo exhibitions in thirteen countries .	10	18	VBZ	is	are
the song features a verse from fellow american rapper too short , and was produced by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the fact that you define it by NNP and NNP , places it firmly in the km space of the mid 1990s and all the language ( and NN ) comes from that period .	1	11	VBZ	places	place
the epic story of NNP has seven parts .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
newly created version of article RB deleted for NNP seems copyvio free .	2	9	VBZ	seems	seem
one approach is to develop the land by adding desirable buildings , businesses , or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name of the village RB derives from a JJ norman lord , geoffrey de NNP .	1	6	VBZ	derives	derive
multimedia resource centers combine print materials with web resources , JJ content and computer graphics .	2	3	VBP	combine	combines
light rail vehicles ( NNP ) operate in an exclusive NN in the center of the street along most of the line to bypass JJ NN and increase speed along the line .	2	6	VBP	operate	operates
launched on august 18 , 2010 , the channel is exclusive to time warner cable NNS ( carried on digital channel 104 in new york city , and digital channel 91 in new jersey and the hudson valley ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
well , i vote to keep those pages , however , i have seen that problems exist for some pages .	15	16	VBP	exist	exists
features include analysis of domestic and foreign affairs by leading academics and experts , JJ columns and reader contributions .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the result of the debate was no consensus ; keep ( article is no longer a NN ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
but it is irrelevant how many anonymous editors are at fault , blocking an entire NNP goes completely against what wikipedia stands for .	7	8	VBP	are	is
british forces defeat the NNP RB , ending their advance into british lands .	1	2	VBP	defeat	defeats
their central NN is sufficiently large to admit the dna NNS and some surrounding water molecules , which allows the NN to slide along the dna without VBG from it and without VBG the JJ interactions that maintain the NN shape .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the corresponding NN is present in a sample , the NN will VB to the NNS , causing a NN on the device .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
from here , the early settlers spread to other parts of the area , and NNP became a part of the surrounding farming settlements .	5	6	VBP	spread	spreads
business now runs by NNP 's daughter martha , her husband louis NNPS and son roger under the name NNP brothers of NNP .	0	2	VBZ	runs	run
other scenes in the video include NNP surrounded by JJ NNS , riding on a swing that VBZ from the sky , lying in a bed of flowers and then dancing in front of a tree covered with VBG lights that adds to the NN imagery .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
no known fossils of NNS exist to throw light on their evolutionary history .	2	5	VBP	exist	exists
that the article is of little to no interest to those VBN in the subject would apply to each and every article on wikipedia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN then carries the element back into the interior of the star , and the cycle VBZ many times .	15	16	VBZ	repeats	repeat
although the graphics are JJ , the ball can be aimed at height for the purposes of crossing , VBG , VBG or clearing .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the results of the survey indicate that skilled whites are strongly opposed to this policy and the arguments advanced in support of it .	1	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
finally , junction 22 serves the north-eastern rural suburbs ( i .	2	4	VBZ	serves	serve
the NNP rally is not a race or VBN event like most assume , the rally is a collaboration of car NNS and party people who travel europe and the usa seeking adventure .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the st NNP riot breaks out in bristol .	3	4	VBZ	breaks	break
from what i understand it , JJ NN VBZ a JJ NN false vacuum which at a certain point is VBN by the formation and growth of JJ true vacuum JJ NNS , of which our universe is one such NN .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
this feature of the NNP NNS allows NNP to search for NNP with atmospheric NNS and NNS .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow
the NNP game does not have a save feature ( which adds to the difficulty since the game must be completed in one sitting ) , although the computer ports do .	29	30	VBP	do	does
its only extant copy is in a georgian translation attributed to the JJ saint , NNP the NNP , although the NN remains less than certain .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this type of NN supports a person 's ( usually a child 's ) feet that do not reach the floor when seated .	1	4	VBZ	supports	support
a scene featured in the pc engine cd , which depicts a dying dog VBG with its internal organs exposed was VBN so the dog is no longer VBG .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
the NN VBZ with two VBG NNS in the barrel .	1	2	VBZ	closes	close
v sources seem adequate to keep it .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the other building is the NNP NNP photography studio , located adjacent to the museum .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
sometimes the external links are in NNS , at other times the links are external links from within the text .	3	4	VBP	are	is
outside of is us english , when the article is in NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the admins role is to see what the community says should be done , and to do it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some scientists think that the NN ( JJ ) NN NN is limited to the NNP , a group that contains the NNS but not , for example , the NNS .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
such experts are highly specialized and generally focused on a selected JJ area .	1	2	VBP	are	is
marsh plants include NN , NN , american lotus , and VB NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ exposure of an amino acid in a protein measures to what extent the amino acid is accessible to the NN ( usually water ) surrounding the protein .	2	10	VBZ	measures	measure
the central area in all NN is the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
most NNS visit the temple on the first or JJ day of chinese new year .	1	2	VBP	visit	visits
the authors identify NNS as `` the primary candidate causing the JJ reaction '' .	1	2	VBP	identify	identifies
with a JJ probability that the channel is in deep NN , the capacity of the JJ channel in strict sense is zero .	13	21	VBZ	is	are
this division is quite old and is likely to have been part of the original NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first step in the investigation of JJ NN is usually the identification and JJ analysis of NN in the field .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
your actions are completely JJ and show not only a lack of understanding of the subject but a complete NN of some of our easy to understand policies .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in addition , many NN bus lines connect with passengers outside of union station .	6	7	VBP	connect	connects
any property that passes from the set of NNS smaller than a given JJ NN to VB itself , is true of all NNS .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
NNP radio stands in contrast to most commercial radio stations , in which NNP have little or no influence over programming structure or NNS .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
this is because such areas will benefit most and because solutions for historic buildings at risk in such areas are more challenging to achieve .	10	19	VBP	are	is
cup nom depending on how this round goes , and NNP would probably VB me for VBG with that .	6	7	VBZ	goes	go
NNP deployment depends on delivery mode , with the main NNS used only for JJ delivery .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
nearby landmarks include NNP park , the studio building and the neighbourhood of NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP occur when the player VBZ an attack the moment an enemy is about to VB forward .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
since the august 24 , 2009 , form is the only correct one for the main text of a u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the event is notable , but the person is not .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these accounts are likely being created by the same person , though , and more may have gotten through before i noticed these three , and there may be more on the way .	1	2	VBP	are	is
fair use in NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the track today is long ( including six fan turns and nine drops ) and a drop at its highest point ; the first drop is at a 58 .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
however , this list is not comprehensive ; it only covers a subset of commercial applications .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP any more JJ either , as both NNS and NNS are a dark NN of black .	8	11	VBP	are	is
the ability to VB and upload tender documents not only provides organisations with a full NN trail but allows resource and time to be saved in a sustainable and efficient manner .	1	10	VBZ	provides	provide
some colleges now VBP primarily for students from abroad while others deal mainly with british citizens .	1	3	VBP	cater	caters
the leaves are smooth on top with often VBN edges , and VB white to JJ underneath .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main south NN in the NN has a JJ head , carved capitals , and a NN decorated with NNS .	3	7	VBZ	has	have
in order to prevent an infection from these bacteria , good NN is required , especially when foreign materials or objects like NNS are in the body .	18	23	VBP	are	is
in season 2 , her teeth are JJ instead of NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
as is often the case with these book NNS in wikipedia , i hope the book is better written and VBN than the article .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
still , only the JJ man requires NNS of the flesh to VB the soul from its NN ; the truly JJ need not , or rather should not , undergo NN or other forms of NN except such as the law has VBN ( NNP , p .	5	6	VBZ	requires	require
a good example of an article needing more JJ and polish rather than massive expansion but ga is reasonable target in time frame .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
the old name of the city is NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
my daughter informs me that `` NN '' is ancient , they say `` NN '' nowadays .	1	2	VBZ	informs	inform
many fields present in the standard template are unnecessary for former municipalities , and some kinds of NNS ( ie , the inclusion of updated population figures ) no longer work .	1	2	VBP	present	presents
one other thing is the argument about references .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
they VBP their department is JJ with food safety regulations , and that the food served meets JJ requirements established by a NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
as in NNP , the first movement is JJ in nature , and the tenor NN includes a significant NN NN line .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
bryan , CD ) putting aside the question of whether NN reports are literally and RB `` real '' , literature professor terry NNP argues that their popularity and their JJ appeal are easily understood .	11	12	VBP	are	is
their children are NNP NNP , professor of mathematics , and NNP NNP , an artist .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the local name for the language is NNP ( or NNP in the french NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the article is christian science , which i have been trying to improve .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS believe that other oil deposits were formed by JJ processes in ancient NNS as may be the case with some of the major american oil fields .	0	1	VBP	believe	believes
the island 's area is .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
more complicated ones are possible -- VBG out picture edits from text edits , or edits of different sizes .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i mean , most NNS ( as in commercial NNS ) include writing , and the writing is generally in a few very common NNS .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
this growth rate is identical to that of the commercial varieties of the first half of the 20th century .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if this invented language is truly notable , more reliable sources will mention in in the years to come , and it will be VBG of a wp article at that time .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP class is a name for special cases of NNP NNS , including NNP NNS , NNP NNS , NNP NNS , and NNP NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the site of the former station is now a bus station .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP station is a station in the district of NNP in the town of NNP in the german state of north NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the largest lake , lake NNP NNP , has an area of .	2	8	VBZ	has	have
popular artists in the quiet storm format are NNP marie , NNP jackson , johnny gill , NNP NNP , NNP l .	1	7	VBP	are	is
the term `` NNP '' itself is not NNP , it was instead devised by french NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the place has an old fort which is almost in to ruins now .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the team has many pro NNS including NNP NNS , lights in motion , spin cycle , NNP cycles and many more .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the third novel , harry potter and the prisoner of NNP , follows harry in his third year of magical education .	2	12	VBZ	follows	follow
a more recent example of such efforts is the 2001 book by NNP NNP , NNP NN NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
and my answer is , there probably is , but then you have to VB multiple tests to get enough data to plot an entire graph ( rather than one data point ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
after the last boss is beaten , the gods prove true to their word and the last image is the hero 's body becoming a being of light as he VBZ to mount NNP .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
county routes are similar to NNP routes , but they serve VBG rural areas and charge a higher NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NN courses of study are separate and distinct from religious instruction provided through wards ( local congregations ) .	1	4	VBP	are	is
sources within the islamic community indicate that at the moment , in chile , there are 3 , 000 muslims , many of whom are native NNPS who , as a result of their NNS , have even changed their names .	0	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
a good way to deal with it is to get over the notion that these JJ lists of trivia are in any way valuable or encyclopedic .	16	19	VBP	are	is
at the beginning of the video , NNP in NNP major by NNP NNP can be heard , and the building structures shown are those of utah valley university 's computer science building interior .	21	23	VBP	are	is
while the town of villa del carbon is the largest community in the municipality , it is not the oldest .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
some journalists , based on informed sources , say that her execution was carried out by putting her in a large bag ( NN ) and then hung , the rope got cut off and they did the firing squad .	1	8	VBP	say	says
the language of instruction at NNP is english .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the primary is a yellow star of magnitude 3 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for the most part , JJ NNS are an english-language phenomenon , although similar NNS are popular in a hebrew form in israel ( where they are called JJ NN ( JJ NNP ) `` logic NNS '' ) and ( as NNP ) in dutch .	14	15	VBP	are	is
still , deletion for lack of notability is on the table , pending other opinions .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the fact is that vandalism , no matter what the intent , VBZ the integrity of the encyclopedia and the integrity of the entire project .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a player rolls , and showing are two NNS , a three , and a four .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the sponsor VBZ NNP reports from the local researchers , and VBZ all participating sites of the NNP at the other sites , as well as both the local NNS ' and the sponsors ' judgment of the NN of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	collects	collect
at this point , the game immediately ends , even if jeremy is halfway through asking a question .	5	7	VBZ	ends	end
the NN VBZ with the NN of NNP back to the birth of aaron and moses .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude
no idea if this is characteristic of elsewhere , but in this case it was too much .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
at that website it talks of communities and NNS - the distinction being that communities are JJ groups of people ; whereas NNS are RB defined - e .	14	15	VBP	are	is
according to bart , the only escort he has n't heard from is NNP , a colombian escort who flew back home the day after the murder .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
this interface allows NNS for events that have occurred which are related to the exploration of the moon and the solar system .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
three seats are up for election each year .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the tracks end at NN blocks just beyond the northeast ( railroad south ) end of the platform .	1	2	VBP	end	ends
davis ( the eva n ) memorial conservation area the areas contain forest , NN , old fields , and NN .	10	11	VBP	contain	contains
species had VBN NNS , similar to those of NNS or deer , although the shape and length of the JJ suggests that the living animals moved by VBG , like a rabbit .	15	21	VBZ	suggests	suggest
RB VBN NN NNP travels mainly with JJ JJ protein , which VBZ JJ delivery of NN d and the availability in the plasma .	2	4	VBZ	travels	travel
all students at key stages 3 and 4 receive their NN to the statutory NNP national curriculum during NNP lessons .	1	8	VBP	receive	receives
thus , the NNP key is a JJR key , used in a similar fashion to the shift key .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
because most high energy gamma NNS will pass through the low density fill gas without VBG , the tube uses the interaction of NNS on the molecules of the wall material to produce high energy secondary electrons within the wall .	18	19	VBZ	uses	use
keep the list is useful for reference .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
however , to the north the district takes in NNP river and its NNS , including the NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNS .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
other sources RB indicate the torpedo NN in NNP .	1	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
same idea as peak variable , NNP keeps track of the maximum NN so far .	1	7	VBZ	keeps	keep
this JJ maintenance program more accurately reflects the operating environment of the engine , but more importantly , reduces or NNS unnecessary maintenance work .	3	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
this is the only episode so far to have an ending theme performed by an unknown singer ( the song is similar to the opening , only in a piano version ) .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
that book is just an episode guide and provides no other info than already in the articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the club receives information from the NNP NNP that suggests the NNS are working with the NNP NNP , while clay sets a meeting between the irish kings and NNP for new , JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
recommendations in net include family history evaluation , evaluation for second NNS , and in selected circumstances testing for JJ NNS such as for NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the city has to turn away market operators for the first time due to insufficient space .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
two editors currently are at three reverts ( including me , NN ) , and this is just a NN for disaster .	1	3	VBP	are	is
there is a little NN that goes on , just like in a library , but the social media aspects of wikipedia are close to zero .	19	22	VBP	are	is
the NNP NNS fault NNS from live to the earth ( ground ) wire within the installation it VBZ .	13	18	VBZ	protects	protect
other important NN compounds include JJ systems .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
however , as the targets move slightly between each pulse , the returned wave has a JJ phase difference or phase shift from pulse to pulse .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
maybe the new account is a professor , and they are creating accounts for their students to use as a sponsored school project .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
linking to other NN , and wanted to see what other ideas people have before the asking the community to comment on which ideas they like and which they do n't like .	12	13	VBP	have	has
when she asks the mirror who is the most beautiful in the land , the mirror shows her own image .	15	16	VBZ	shows	show
this sort NN information is not available from NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
most members of NNP have NNS rather than NNS .	1	4	VBP	have	has
these trees are all JJ JJ trees ranging tall .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the reason that article 44 had not been enacted can best be VBN up by indian prime minister NNP NNP who declared in 1954 `` i do not think that at the present moment the time is JJ in india for me to try to push it through .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
well , the file size penalty is what stopped me .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
well that kind of information would be appropriate in the game articles they come from ; the point is , they should not be all VBN together here , as they do not have any notability apart from the games they come from .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
first made in 1931 , the hybrid is a large , tough plant with white flowers VBN with green ; they are said to be the best of all NNS for cut flowers .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN varies between the NNS and valleys of the NN due to the fact that the volume between the JJ layer and VBG element in valleys contains an air gap .	17	27	VBZ	contains	contain
the municipality is the capital of the NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS of his significance vary widely .	0	4	VBP	vary	varies
other advantages include less noise , heat and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the youth wing is NNP NN NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
fair use in go this NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
exceptional claims in wikipedia require NN , independent sources ; if such sources are not available , the material should be attributed and given much reduced weight , be included through the filter of secondary sources commenting on the material , or not be included at all .	1	4	VBP	require	requires
on the ac side , the NN VBZ approximately as a current source , VBG both NN and JJ NNS into the ac network .	6	7	VBZ	behaves	behave
NNS or not , the fact remains that after being listed for two weeks nothing has been added to the article with regard to sourcing , and the article is , as mentioned , RB a NNP at this point .	5	6	VBZ	remains	remain
located in the NNP NNP zone of the NNP region , lying south of NNP NNP , this town has a NN and NN of with an elevation of CD meters above sea level .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
the road passes over the railroad tracks and runs past more commercial NNS before VBG into a NN divided highway and coming to an interchange with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
the `` NN '' is actually a panel of JJ NN laid down on the surface of the ground fabric , a NN wool VBN with different colors ( red , green , yellow , dark and light blue , gray ) wool and white NN NNS .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
instead , i think it may be useful if an editor feels someone is like a NNP , that they consider that they themselves might be a NNP .	10	11	VBZ	feels	feel
for margaret whose book this really is .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
this complaint by user CD is yet another JJ attempt to ram through their biased pov and eliminate any opposing voices .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the term `` JJ boundary '' is sometimes , though rarely , used .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the town contains many other georgian listed buildings , most of which were built as town houses ; good examples include 9 mill street , NNP buildings on monks lane , and NNP house and number 83 on welsh row .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the only intersection is where lake road crosses .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the lead hand NN fits along the NN of the NN hand .	3	4	VBZ	fits	fit
wilson 's younger brother , stefan , is also a racing driver .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's role has , as a consequence , been expanded to cover all aspects of technology in public transport , from systems to support disabled NNS through to safety and security systems .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
despite this , his relationship with larry is often JJ and complicated .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
comparing the contributions of both accounts , their edits never occur at the same time .	8	10	VBP	occur	occurs
the only complete work which can be surely assigned to his NN is NNP NNS VBP JJ NN NN , a NNS dated to between CD and CD .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
the value of a local minimum is JJ , and the value of a local maximum is JJ .	11	16	VBZ	is	are
though this place is part of the NNP its interesting to see this ancient temple was built by JJ kings .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other than the JJ NN domain , some proteins found in the JJ membrane ( mm ) also contain NNP domains , while several other mm proteins contain JJ NN repeat ( NNP ) domains .	26	27	VBP	contain	contains
the sides show a yellow JJ band .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
freedom is in NNP , defend it with all your might ' taken from a cartoon by gabriel from NNP , middlesex that NNP gandhi had VBN to NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the image is of the front portion of the silent spring jacket , along with the front page of the JJ NN containing douglas 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
our editing policy is therefore to keep the material .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the church holds it main services in the larger church building built further back on the same property .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
in this case , the point is that `` good boys never win '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
fire NNS consist of natural JJ materials , mostly NNP group NNS , along with JJ NN and NN , and may also contain organic matter and JJ compounds .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists
all the teachers of the school are well qualified .	2	6	VBP	are	is
questions about the models continued service seems better suited to NNP NNP sea NNP .	5	6	VBZ	seems	seem
such JJ NN NNS are sensitive only to electron NNS , and not to the second and third generation NNS of SYM - the NN NN of electron NNS VBN from the sun , between the earth and the sun , accounts for the NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
although some studies have stated that his request to raise bar to an NNP was granted in CD , it seems that the cited bull is not authentic .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
finnish citizens are also citizens of the european union and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the european parliament .	1	2	VBP	are	is
energy is released in the sun when 4 NNS combine into a NN nucleus , a process in which two of them are also converted to NNS .	8	9	VBP	combine	combines
sources vary as to her age - from 11 to JJ old - though the JJ cathedral in nice gives it as 15 .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
the novel refers to VB frequently as simply `` the NNP '' , while the ethnicity or religion of the other characters is rarely mentioned .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
the county hosts a industrial park for high technology companies .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host
that its founder is on trial is irrelevant .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
they check out the classic NNP museum where the attraction is not only the great collection of aircraft but also the local personalities which include world record holders and combat pilots .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the exact relations between NNP and the NNP leadership of NNP NNP remain unclear .	2	12	VBP	remain	remains
all citizens elect the NNP for a four-year term .	1	2	VBP	elect	elects
the other 5 governors include one african-american ( NNP patrick of massachusetts ) , two NNS ( NNP NNP of new mexico and brian NNP of nevada ) , and two americans of indian descent ( bobby NNP of louisiana and NNP NNP of south carolina ) .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
here , the team consists of blue beetle , NNP gold , guy gardner , NNP , NNP NNP , fire and ice .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
the court held that the consent exception remains valid as the communication was not VBN for the purpose of VBG any criminal or JJ act .	6	7	VBZ	remains	remain
NN hunters work by hunting in the middle of the day , when it is RB .	1	2	VBP	work	works
the concept of NN is JJ and VBZ almost every aspect of our daily lives ( transportation , biology , energy , environment , industry ) and is strongly connected with open JJ systems , VBP paper is not an open NN system , a moving car yes .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
another unit is the NNP 's ( NNP ground force ) NNP , which uses NN parts of the NNP , just like the NNP [ g ] NNP ground combat type .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though primarily established for providing higher education to muslim students , its doors are open to students from all communities .	12	13	VBP	are	is
although primarily influenced by NN and NN sound , their sound incorporates musical elements as diverse as JJ metal , NN , JJ , and NN nova .	10	11	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
mountain NNS are most often made from sheep or NN milk , and tend to be JJR .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as far as i know , NNP general NNS are all or nothing .	8	9	VBP	are	is
NNS are very common on the NNS VBG the bay of NNP in new brunswick and nova scotia canada .	0	1	VBP	are	is
leigh art trail began in 1997 , and each year local artists display their work at a variety of locations through leigh broadway and in old leigh .	11	12	VBP	display	displays
the organisation added that they request that commercial NNS pay fees and RB by certain conditions .	8	9	VBP	pay	pays
an alternative music video released by NNP shows various candidates in a talent competition in dancing and their NNS and NNS and hopes and how they are VBN .	3	7	VBZ	shows	show
for a NN curve , this slope is constant , but the idea can be extended to any type of curve , in which case gamma ( strictly speaking , `` point gamma '' ) is defined as the slope of the curve in any particular region .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS ring the eastern and southern shores , and steep volcanic cliffs dominate the northwest shores .	1	13	VBP	dominate	dominates
its wings are JJ and have constant NN apart from a slight NN of the leading edge at the tips ; they carry plain NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP nordic world ski championships , and the gold medal in the 2010 olympic games in vancouver , is from NNP .	9	18	VBZ	is	are
it also clear both RB and basic NN pushing that the constant is strictly larger than 1 , so this VBZ my problem ( JJ example of NN not continuous , but not JJ ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the NNP system also uses hydraulic fluid that is JJ with conventional power steering fluid ( which is usually automatic transmission fluid ) .	2	4	VBZ	uses	use
some web sources attribute NNS to the u .	2	3	VBP	attribute	attributes
the generally accepted translation of the title is no need for NNP or useless NNP , though at the time of its appearance it was also translated RB as no heaven and earth and this way up due to the original title 's JJ nature and multiple meanings .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
attending dinner is a traditional custom for the NNP in harvest festival .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
keep the above argument is an attempt to show that a particular ethnic identity does not have any foundation in fact .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
also can people write in their own statement boxes instead of each others before things become a mess .	14	15	VBP	become	becomes
the site of the NN and training centre is now old boston trading estate , located adjacent to the NNP east lancashire road .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
an article in NNP reader identifies him as a radical NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	identifies	identify
after completing the ship , the voice of the lord goes to NNP and commands him to load his family and supplies on the ship .	6	10	VBZ	goes	go
the NNP NNP phone 1 device is available for public purchase .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the route continues southeast as it passes to the south of NNP 's north american headquarters .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
collapse action is a device behaviour that VBZ a switch into place , usually using a JJ element .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the print depicts NNP , priest and poet , writing a NN for a ghost .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
wikipedia to tell it that NNP village NN is a NN in the village of NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
SYM - now not many people know this - so keep it to yourself - the only way to eat NNP and avoid it VBG back - is to VB a glass of NN NN over it first .	17	27	VBZ	is	are
the show includes musical performances of signature NNS as well as new songs .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the results of surgery depend a great deal on NN size and NN level .	1	4	VBP	depend	depends
planning white board NNP module provides the ability to generate NN NNS of planned operations , or NN and share any other image imported into the module from elsewhere in the system .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
if the same team wins both tournament , they are automatically declared the champion .	3	4	VBZ	wins	win
harry is late to see her before she dies because he is too JJ to take the NN NN route , where a gang resides .	23	24	VBZ	resides	reside
damage to a NN plant during this initial stage is a result of NN and can include VBG and VBG of leaves and NNS , JJ delays , and NN of root tissue .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP theory also suggests that JJ and third world nationalist movements do not exist in the JJ era .	1	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNP 's stadium is NNP NNP NNP NNP , built in 1949 , with a maximum capacity of 21 , CD people .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these interference terms effectively make it more likely that a carrier will `` VB around in a circle '' than it would otherwise , which leads to an increase in the net NN .	2	4	VBP	make	makes
they are sometimes considered a single lake because the flow of water through the NNS keeps their water levels in NN .	9	15	VBZ	keeps	keep
by far , the most popular program is their summer school program which in fact is an extension of `` the NNP '' .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the thousands of other news sources are exactly that .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the senior members of the NNP continue to select a small number of male students of the junior class during winter carnival weekend in a process known as `` NN .	2	6	VBP	continue	continues
support as a resident and daily user of JJ roads , and IN it sounds right .	0	14	VBZ	sounds	sound
south of north heath the road turns by an angle of 7 degrees to head towards the crossing of the river NNP at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	turns	turn
the term is the generally accepted term in anthropology to describe such phenomena as well as the common and lay term used in everyday language .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the difference with its NN NN acid is that the NN that links the NN ( NNP ) group to the NN group belongs to the NN group .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
today the village has a population of about CD .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
meanwhile , NNP 's father turns out to be a local NNP ( NNP kumar ) who VBZ poor .	4	5	VBZ	turns	turn
the firm is significant for being innovative during the great depression , especially in maintaining efficiency of production .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site for the temple is a lot called NNP square that the church had owned since the area was settled .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the former ecclesiastical province of NNP now forms part of the church of ireland diocese of NNP , NNP and NNP in the united province of NNP and NNP .	3	7	VBZ	forms	form
NN says '' all about NNP ; draw a computer NN with prairie and NNP monster ; play NNP games on the computer ; move and NN ; do the NN .	19	28	VBP	do	does
moreover , a quick google search shows up only a few hits for this term .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
the school has a NNP NN address because NNP no longer has a post office .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's outer ring is 36 m in diameter and VBZ five NNS , with 50 rooms on each floor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the more likely potential problem is NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the basic principle of data NN is the combination of an object class and a characteristic .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
nearly every JJ program is open to new students .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this page lists influential interface designers or interaction designers whose designs VBP in our consumer technology .	10	11	VBP	persist	persists
the following day , the team meets one of the NNP 's men .	5	6	VBZ	meets	meet
NNP says that it will never happen again but NNP tells him not to look too far into the future , and the important thing is that they survived through their adventures .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
NN NNS are NN per share divided by market price of share .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the museum promotes a greater public awareness of the rich cultural legacy of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	promotes	promote
a NN has up to 12 votes , with the twelve candidates with the highest number of votes being elected .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this page is for the world hockey association franchise .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
students develop project generating and directing abilities with social responsibility in mind , either working for the general public in governmental institutions or for the private sector .	0	1	VBP	develop	develops
the nearest big towns are lincoln to the south , NNP to the west , NNP to the east , and hull to the north .	3	4	VBP	are	is
today , NNS have reached the conclusion that NN is indigenous development of NNP language and NNP language bears close resemblance with NNP NNP and unique tibetan dialects .	17	18	VBZ	bears	bear
the facility is available for paid use by the public .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if his edits are not against wiki rules i will be surprised .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the name comes from the greek NN , meaning of `` words .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the coat of arms depicts a black bear with silver NNS and NN on a red shield topped with a crown .	1	4	VBZ	depicts	depict
and since up to 80 different NNS exist in ethiopia , most critics VBP the policies of NNP which can lead to JJ round of bloody civil wars in every corner of ethiopia which would last decades and kill thousands to millions of innocent JJ civilians .	6	7	VBP	exist	exists
if JJ NNS are VBN when considering JJ diseases such as hiv , for example , prevention methods and treatment practices become inadequate and JJ for populations .	17	21	VBP	become	becomes
the campus has residential facilities for students and staff .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the rough NN granite stone faces out to cork harbour and has a bronze plaque showing NNP with his VBN .	4	5	VBZ	faces	face
the NNP article has an interesting photo showing the one JJ beer NNS ; so they were all VBN when listening to hitler .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
its precise location is unknown but believed to be in the pier station area .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's first NN is to have a screen bigger than 3 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the arbcom should suggest to the developer community that once community standards for VBG editing on articles exist , mechanisms for automatic NN should be developed .	11	17	VBP	exist	exists
its members are students of universities of budapest , mainly studying at the NNP university of budapest and the NNP NNP university .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category contains denmark related categories which are currently VBN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
while other NNS such as brooklyn , queens , and manhattan all have at least one NNP , NNP island does not have an area that is `` .	2	12	VBP	have	has
JJ brand name appears on the neck plate .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
i was thinking that one parameter is the content is balanced in proportion to published material on the subject of the article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
her latest movie is bicycle looking for a whale ( or miracle ) as NNP NNP , it was released on september 22 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP company starts NNP NNP ten inc .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
the official authority of NNP airport is the governor of hawaii .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ glass window in the north wall of the nave is by christopher NNP and was installed in 1923 .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the smallest JJ unit of data is usually a group of bits called a NN ( usually an NN , which is 8 bits ) .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the club 's most distinct rivalry is with glasgow neighbours celtic ; the two clubs are collectively known as the old firm .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the library 's online catalog provides access to all materials acquired since 1975 and to selected JJ items .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
of course , common sense would demand that the process is n't JJ , and that it was used in good faith .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in the united states , a JJ device is a type of NN or explosive device regulated by the national firearms act of 1934 .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
both services are mostly commonly operated by NN dennis NNP 2 buses , with some NNS , particularly in the NNS , operated by NN NNP NNP buses .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the player has to pass all the JJ missions , RB including the infamous NNP NNP scenario .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
their meaning is pretty obvious at the first NN , as they VBP each expression , prove their NNS and finally combine the individual types found in the premises to the type in the conclusion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the NN is in practice of the scale i mentioned above .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in the municipality , 35 students attend the standard primary schools and 1 students attend the special school .	5	6	VBP	attend	attends
the NNS represent one of the first steps of the cultural integration after the spanish conquest .	1	2	VBP	represent	represents
after the introduction the movie opens with NNP special agent NNP NNP ( NNP carey ) in an elevator that is going to `` level one '' of a military prison as radio NN says `` .	4	5	VBZ	opens	open
the question is whether this counts as a second chance , or the fellow even got a first one .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all parties agree to VB from NNS and personal attacks on other editors , either directly , on talk pages or in edit summaries .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
a vote for the deletion is valid when the arguments are NNS , only the notability can be a reason for this deletion .	9	10	VBP	are	is
a more serious criticism of marx is that the theory of prices of production is still pitched at a far too abstract theoretical level to be able to explain anything like specific real price movements .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
artist NN - by any given artist , the user creates an auto NN based on a desired artist .	9	10	VBZ	creates	create
the overall packaging effect looks more like something from the 1950s than the 1970s .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
the maximum NN length is CD up to maximum 2 x 5 JJ resistance .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the standard tour length for most lieutenant general positions is three years but some are set four or more years by statute .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the area of NNP is mountainous and VBN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in inner city london , a street dance crew is on the NN of breaking up after its leader , jay ( NNP NNP ) , leaves the group RB .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
i was looking through some wikipedia guidelines , and found that analysis of novels is not only accepted , it is encouraged .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the video starts off with NNP NN , VBG the id ; peace b dance and filming id ; peace b .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
water activity is an important consideration for food product design and food safety .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
surviving prints show a JJ NN two NNS wide with a tower on the front .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
the initial release is available as part of a `` premium NN pack '' with extra NN , including a vinyl pressing and NNP , also designed by sam NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
range improvement projects '' are another type of threat .	2	4	VBP	are	is
NN ( and the later article needs to be updated ) .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
no original research , is JJ to this discussion .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the magazine itself is not extremely notable given that it is only distributed RB and has existed for less than two years .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS lack JJ organs - on the contrary !	0	1	VBP	lack	lacks
this entry does not show how the road is notable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the possible origins for powers include natural NNS , genetic NN , NNS , natural forces unique to a particular universe ( such as dc comics ' speed force or marvel comics ' power cosmic and even magic ) .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
the navy has 31 patrol boats and landing craft .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
we believe the rate of progress in cancer control is unacceptable and that this is probably because many current treatments are based on several JJ assumptions .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the main point i wanted to discuss was that people are getting banned or as least VBN over edit wars in which an admin or his ( usually ) friend is one of the participants .	23	30	VBZ	is	are
in order to ensure new members come from diverse organizational backgrounds , no more than NNS of each incoming class may be affiliated with a fraternity on the NNP council .	5	6	VBP	come	comes
years pass when ray NNP ( NNP NNP ) comes to the area on the NNS of the jungle where the plane crashed .	0	1	VBP	pass	passes
the year CD is very early .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the school 's JJ director is NNP s .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in all modern NNS and most mammals and birds the maximum rates during NN activity are 10 to 20 times higher than minimum rates while at rest .	11	15	VBP	are	is
the tragedy is based on the JJ story of king NNP of NNP and his mother NNP , and their punishment by the god NNP ( who is NNP ' cousin ) because he refuses to worship him .	20	34	VBZ	refuses	refuse
he was the JJ advocate of the hungarian national interests , for the university 's autonomy , its electoral right fighting , and the full restoration of the hungarian language 's teaching is partly big due for him .	25	32	VBZ	is	are
the diesel fuel that is produced has various names including green diesel or JJ diesel .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
also a proposal is not a guideline , and individual churches are not settlements .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the magazine covers NNP trends and trends in the NN industry .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
larger NNS which project behind and NNS are usually called NNS ; a well-known example is the NNP long NNP , for many years a NN of british cycle tourists especially on the weekends .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
your stance is that the second photographer 's rights are void because the first photographer 's rights have been released .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
by 2005 , all fifty states had operational programs and today the program operates in a NN capacity across state and JJ boundaries .	12	13	VBZ	operates	operate
one version of the NN theorem ( due to NNP ) states that any JJ metric on an oriented , closed surface is RB equivalent to an essentially unique metric of constant NN .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the NNP waves baseball team represents NNP university in the sport of baseball .	4	5	VBZ	represents	represent
i think the idea is that once the guidelines are agreed , then any change should be notified here and a link placed on the talk page so that interested editors are able to take part .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
dead generals are always good too .	1	2	VBP	are	is
although released on the polish market the song is in english .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
other types of NNS VBP in the sale of police or government cars ; some of those actually allow public access .	1	4	VBP	specialize	specializes
he explained , according to hindu tradition , students should not be charged , and a teacher has to bear expenses of his works .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
the source relates , albeit in a slightly JJ manner , the facts as i understand them relating to the history of this technology .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
the second category - government agencies , is the biggest .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
from the same period and style is the NNP di san giovanni NNP , at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the concept that this ip , with only a handful of edits NN happened to be used by a known NN and then another unrelated user in exactly the same topic area , with similar opinions is beyond NN .	1	36	VBZ	is	are
in certain parts of the world , road view maps from alternative data providers are also available .	9	14	VBP	are	is
the first four seasons of the man show are also available on dvd .	3	8	VBP	are	is
NNP village is the home of NNP comprehensive school which is renowned for its agricultural success .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the long-term nature of climate change makes the choice of social NN rate important in economic cost NNS of climate change policies .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make
RB a and b are actually operational , and extensions of both lines are under construction .	9	13	VBP	are	is
the article is now very short , ends in NN , and has no history except for the conversion by a script .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
adults of both NNS and juvenile birds are very similar in appearance , the song is rich and JJ , a series of NN phrases that include VBG notes , NN NN NN and a large number of variations , with NNS between phrases .	0	7	VBP	are	is
NNP 's story involves many JJ aspects that mirror NNP 's .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
i think the wikimedia foundation projects show how valuable free content can be , and big corporations and governments will eventually take notice of how successful we have been at creating and using primarily free content .	5	6	VBP	show	shows
a mere difference in NN is not effective in directing a google search to the NN article .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
since then , these provincial NNS exist in the royal family only RB , but each prince or princess traditionally maintains a special public connection to one .	16	20	VBZ	maintains	maintain
i like the either , only question is if the account should be separate from the main account ( a modified bot account ) or if the flag should be given to the main account .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the class of all VBN sets with JJ functions as NNS forms a category , NNP .	1	11	VBZ	forms	form
NN answers to questions are a little NN for the average rfa candidate , but seeing as this is n't the average rfa candidate .	1	4	VBP	are	is
any single test is JJ , only .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and no one VBZ what a wikiproject does , those things always just a handful of people that argue IN to get their way , and drive others from them .	2	3	VBZ	cares	care
many members of NNP are also members of the new NNP party , but there are also communist , socialist , JJ , and NN NNS within the union .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the president of the NNP corporation speaks to commander NNP who is in his office under the film studio .	1	6	VBZ	speaks	speak
the NNP 's premier competition is the NNP premier league .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , the disease has wider consequences apart from the death of NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
typically , the males live in slightly JJ water or have separate NN patterns that keep them separated from the females except during NN .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
events at the convention include panel discussions , lectures , NNS , NNS , parties , games , concerts , and a dealing room for the sale of rare books , magazines , and other items related to science fiction .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
because of its rapid rotation , the planet 's shape is that of an NN NN ( it possesses a slight but JJ NN around the NN ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the oldest image of the castle dates to CD and shows that the castle had been largely rebuilt by then .	2	6	VBZ	dates	date
i was n't aware that wild cats are very JJ .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP NN is the seed of a JJ plant , NNP NN , a native of tropical africa , JJ to humans .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the water of this cave flows on the rock like a water fall .	1	5	VBZ	flows	flow
NNP VBG studies suggest that plants also obtain nitrogen from the NNS .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
all the edges are the same length .	2	3	VBP	are	is
among the various JJ constraints , the requirement against mechanical NN during closure makes necessary to prevent contact with the door being closed or , in case of contact , to limit the vertical dynamic load below a strict curve .	7	13	VBZ	makes	make
in probability theory and statistics , the NNP distribution , named after charles NNP , is a JJ probability distribution used to model count data with more than one parameter .	8	15	VBZ	is	are
as the friend reads the NN of the tale , lady NNP appears covered in blood .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
the park contains NNS to the NNP NNP which was installed in 1903 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
his replacement was george brook ; his staff record shows he was moved from NNP mills to VB due to `` general NNP '' .	8	9	VBZ	shows	show
the festival has a big stage on de NNP NNP square , which is free for public audience .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
RB then becomes RB involved with mary ellen rogers , though the viewer often VBZ about her rather than sees her .	12	14	VBZ	hears	hear
the company 's websites contain over 300 educational videos and product reviews produced NN .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
rescue services now use their own individual NNS and cartoon characters to teach children about the importance of fire safety .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
the yard at the bride 's living place is prepared prior to the future husband 's family 's arrival , animal NNS are laid out in the corners for the different groups to sit down and discuss .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the building has JJ NNS with the elevator NNS and structural NNS located on the north side of the building which VBZ the adjacent development in the lower floors .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the same rules apply to the judging of responses to bonus questions as apply to responses to JJ questions .	2	3	VBP	apply	applies
primary and junior schools in NNP hill include our lady of the assumption catholic junior school , NNP college ( formerly NNP hill college before merger with coventry technical college in 2002 ) , was adjacent to NNP college .	3	7	VBP	include	includes
the relationship of the NNS with these tribes is racial and cultural as well as linguistic , and as they live in neighbouring territories it is very likely that they have a common origin .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
not every NN of news deserves its place in an encyclopedia .	2	5	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the main power of the college is the assembly in which every member has the right to vote .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
in the film , NNP NNP , who plays an JJ army officer , receives a death sentence but its execution remains JJ .	20	21	VBZ	remains	remain
the estate is on the NNP neck NN on the edge of duck island harbor , an inlet of NNP bay , off of long island sound .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his name is best known for the improvements he VBD in the mirrors of reflecting NNS and especially in the construction of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the malaysian moon moth , NNP NN , is a purple and yellow NNP NNP in the subfamily NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
a NNP space is said to have the ( principal ) projection property if every ( principal ) band is a projection band .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
i think , to give the benefit of the doubt , the goal is to create a useful article , not to use the servers for a school project .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the museum is closed NNPS and NNPS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the JJ NN , however , is instead pronounced with NN , NN , and a shorter vowel while remains NN .	18	20	VBZ	remains	remain
the story takes place during the period of the ruling military NN in argentina from the NNS to the early NNS , focusing on one particular family .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
he claims that the provision exists within the by laws for NNP not to be promoted , and he is yet to prove that this provision was actually used .	4	5	VBZ	exists	exist
during VBG season , the old queen will likely leave with the prime NN before the first virgin queen VBZ from a queen cell .	18	19	VBZ	emerges	emerge
abundant sunshine provides some compensation for inadequate rainfall , and the climate is generally moderate , allowing for substantial fruit production .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
another category of NNS is a word having several meanings , sometimes simultaneously , sometimes VBN from the context of its usage .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the district includes the eastern , northern and central parts of NNP district , the extreme northwestern part and extreme southwestern part of NNP district , the extreme southeastern part of thunder bay district , all of NNP district , and western NNP district along the NNPS canada highway .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the front is in stone , and the left side in brick .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the crew consists of a pair of NNS , each having one NN , one on the stroke side ( NN 's right hand side ) and one on the bow side ( NN 's NN side ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the city of NNP de la NNP has as its primary economic activity the tourism generated by the thermal springs that are found here .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
its b-side is a remix produced by NNP of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in NNP rugby IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
however many reliable sources refer to the community and its neighbors that way , including numerous references in the los angeles times and the new york times .	3	4	VBP	refer	refers
the entire population on this earth carries the virus in their blood .	2	6	VBZ	carries	carry
a NN who VBZ voluntary , JJ NN is a regular editor who does not need to undergo rfa and is assumed JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the airport has a passenger terminal , an air traffic control tower and a JJ landing approach system .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the JJ tone , which the book takes , is not surprising when the author himself was imprisoned for JJ activities from a regime supported by former colonial powers .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
other NNS sailing from harris are easily accessible by road enabling transport to NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this opinion has nothing to do with censorship ; other articles with NNS might well benefit from a similar approach .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNS are one of the major costs of building a railroad and get a surprising amount of wear and would have to be replaced , particularly in corners , fairly regularly .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP is one of the 21 municipalities ( NNS ) that makes up the NNP state of NNP and , according to a 2007 population estimate by the national institute of statistics of venezuela , the municipality has a population of 160 , CD .	36	37	VBZ	has	have
the park has a lake and an island with a NN , an open air NN ( NNP NNP ) , a sports stadium ( NNP NNP stadium ) , a children 's park and the rowing clubs of calcutta rowing club , bengal rowing club and lake club .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the vicar passes judgement only in those cases which he has RB reserved for himself ; in other cases his NN acts as judge , forming with the vicar one and the same court .	20	21	VBZ	acts	act
delete per nom , a search fails to turn up any reliable sources .	5	6	VBZ	fails	fail
live specimens have a NN or NN JJ mark .	1	2	VBP	have	has
even though NNP lodge is not part of oregon city ; the local elementary school ( along with nearby candy lane elementary ) forms an NN of the oregon city school district .	14	23	VBZ	forms	form
its home venue is the NNP NNP concert hall in downtown portland 's cultural district .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this station is named after the NNP maintenance shops ( NNS ) that are located right after the station , and its logo represents a train during maintenance .	22	23	VBZ	represents	represent
the circular building , similar to many NNS constructed at the time , has a JJ white JJ , NNP roof which VBZ out at 89 feet above the court .	2	13	VBZ	has	have
many abandoned NNS are still evident in the valley and are now home to a variety of wildlife , VBZ , NNS and other plant life .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the nearest middle centre is NNS ; the nearest upper centre is NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the game allows for traditional data recording via `` save points '' as well as a JJ feature which can be used at any time ( but is n't as reliable as a `` real save '' ) .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
keep - i am an educational NN and NNP administrator ( not NNP , but several others ) and find that this article is useful .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
then , the selected community becomes the focus of the business VBZ coming to the country .	4	5	VBZ	becomes	become
there was no official ratings given for the NNS , although some damage indicated NNP strength winds .	15	16	VBZ	winds	wind
my only agenda is for a greater scientific understanding of the underlying medical causes of NN , to help enable the greater awareness of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the stadium features a clay NN and a grass NN , and NNS with ncaa and olympic specifications .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
delete the founder is probably notable , but as always , notability is not JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this link gives you a random blp .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
article is about a popular food , from the NN of hyderabad .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's orbit has a small orbital NN and NN relative to the NN of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the template automatically provides this .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
almost all of the action now takes place in the woods around athens , and the NNS VBP a much more prominent place in the drama .	16	17	VBP	inhabit	inhabits
side products of the method include JJ and JJ acids .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the editors come from different parts of the world , have completely different writing styles , cover VBG but JJ topics .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
most majors offer a four-year graduation option with fewer NN NNS , but the JJ program is more popular with students .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
certain items of income are JJ from dutch corporate tax .	1	4	VBP	are	is
at NNP , NNS connect to the NNP group 's NN mill .	3	4	VBP	connect	connects
at NNP junction ( intersection with state route 58 ) , the line RB turns east in the NNP desert .	12	14	VBZ	turns	turn
in the uk , four trade associations help to VB the industry .	6	7	VBP	help	helps
the two former companions chat , as do the children , and both women agree they 're sure the doctor must still be alive .	13	14	VBP	agree	agrees
these IN my JJ preference settings , and , although the images are excellent , make for an ugly layout .	11	12	VBP	are	is
this type is vulnerable to VB attacks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a new JJ analysis performed by them fails to recover the NN of the genus , however it find the north american referred material ( e .	3	7	VBZ	fails	fail
the process of writing JJ book is a transcription and NN of robert NNP butler 's masters class on writing .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
you will be dealt all damage if the enemy uses a rock , NNS , or paper based move .	8	9	VBZ	uses	use
the NN is a diameter of the lower circle , and passes through the point m , which is the NN of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the title is a reference to a phil NNP slogan , VBG JJ recording .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as pieces of evidence NN use , multiple colors of VBG and different NNS of VBG often occur , sometimes making it difficult to determine which portion of the evidence was read .	1	17	VBP	occur	occurs
that page needs to be deleted .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
a NN arrangement , by necessity , involves a large degree of personal interpretation .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve
a match made in heaven is a 1997 television movie inspired by actual events .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
however , if the image used on NNP wikipedia is in fact on wikimedia commons , then it is safe to use it on english wikipedia .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
it is because the achievement of NN is possible to man alone and that too on this earth .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
about JJ consists of enclosed commons , included in parishes ; and the rest is JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the nature of the attack depends on its not being directed against individuals .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
early 20th century teacher whose diary is in the harvard library .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the paragraph is a little on the long side ( particularly as i have added a new sentence to give slightly more detail on services ) , but probably ok really .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is about a film that has not started production .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
recent advances by the oil company shell have seen synthetic NNS start to become JJ .	10	11	VBP	start	starts
another somewhat related example offered in the book concerns the old NN of whether a tree falling in the forest makes any sound if there is no one to hear .	15	20	VBZ	makes	make
the operation is technically difficult and demanding .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN must be removed since the chemicals and proteins , which cause a reaction in humans , are still present even in dead NN .	7	18	VBP	are	is
dispute resolution is necessary when a single editor consistently VBZ to the NN of the project and refuses to recognize it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the episode depicts NNP VBG the police from a museum robbery by boarding a bus that accidentally travels from london to the desert planet of san NNP , VBG her , the doctor , and several passengers on board the damaged vehicle .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict
the above regulations require businesses to keep clear records of their job descriptions .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
the complications arise from the effect of NN on the NNS and how this can affect the NN NN .	1	2	VBP	arise	arises
men are also noted to be at higher risk , which is in accordance with the trend , as men are at higher risk of JJ disease .	19	20	VBP	are	is
your best supporter is the truth .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the central part of the island has an american presence which creates a cultural blend .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the party leaders choose the candidates and you get to vote for the people they chose .	2	3	VBP	choose	chooses
find published reliable sources that discuss the topic itself ( RB ) and maybe an article is a possibility .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
these villages basically are NNS 's villages .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the union and the intersection of a chain of prime ideals is a prime ideal .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the length of NN is and the absence of deep NNS of the shore is shown by the fact that europe , which covers only , has a NN of .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the theme of the song 's story is similar to the 1981 movie the last chase , starring lee majors and NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
census bureau states that census designated places are not considered incorporated places and that it only includes census designated places in hawaii in its city population lists because that state has no incorporated cities .	29	30	VBZ	has	have
that an individual has been given an award or NN constitutes an isolated fact that can not be copyrighted , and a list of such awards organized RB is no more creative than the JJ phone book in NNP v .	22	28	VBZ	is	are
if the intent was to have discussion in a single place , then the redirect serves that purpose better then deleting .	14	15	VBZ	serves	serve
the purpose of the english wikipedia is to communicate with NNS ; it should not be using names unknown to VB native speakers .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ communication allows communication NNS that give a much JJR communication channel than other means of VBG .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
as a result , in many cases continuation high school fits the needs of those students who were identified as at risk .	9	10	VBZ	fits	fit
RB false claims of notability are not claims of notability .	2	5	VBP	are	is
an alternative treatment is to RB introduce the NN product , and then demonstrate that this can be used directly to solve linear systems .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
best of NNP NNP is the first greatest hits album from french musician and actress NNP NNP .	8	9	VBP	album	album
the reason people are not responding here is , i suspect , an indication that almost nobody else is interested .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
each individual case seems minor , but put together the pattern is causing NNS .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
at the end of lost alone his body is dead , although it is strongly believed that his mind still lives and he has transferred his consciousness into the internet .	18	20	VBZ	lives	live
pages include content , and links are a type of content .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
current research makes clear that this excessive worry can be helped by either appropriate medicine or targeted NN .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the club remains within the new cross electoral ward .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
in NNP saint denis , for example , mothers of children in primary schools have often not been allowed to accompany school visits ( to the gym or the museum ) if the mothers wear a NN .	33	34	VBP	wear	wears
those forests take on attractive yellow , orange and red NNS in the autumn , making that season a popular one for visitors .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
pierre 's interests include VBG NNP in the mouth , and VBG his NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the information regarding reception is extremely relevant and unique amongst the thousands of other fictional such ideas .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the present day JJ navy or ( NNP del ecuador ) is a compact , efficient and JJ force .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
specifically addressing some of the songs on the album , marsh wrote `` in NNP 's lyrics , women are literally NNS whose chief purpose is to be VBN .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the link gives a step by step script in how to engage on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
the other feature structure , the JJ pole ' , contains the JJ units .	3	10	VBZ	contains	contain
the show comprises four different segments in which teams will compete against one another to score the maximum points .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
but even this special permission is against the NNS of NNP school of thought , who would never allow it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a JJ penalty is a JJ penalty given for breaking the rules of NNP or failing to follow the directions of a course of fire .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP repairs are less commonly used today than in previous years , especially in developed countries .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a painting of NNP NNP NNP is visible in the NNP NN NNP , NNP del NNP in rome , next to a painting depicting the CD embassy of NNP NNP from japan .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
chest voice is a term used within vocal music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the exact subjects involved vary from competition to competition , but typically include subjects from both the sciences and humanities .	2	4	VBP	vary	varies
i think protection is reasonable in the short term , but it needs to be VBN on a daily basis .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
both of these editors , edit politically sensitive articles , trying to push their pov , by VBG JJ statements or NNS RB , although they do not appear in the original statement and the references remain same .	35	36	VBP	remain	remains
c ) , but in the general case the composition depends on the JJ NN pressures .	9	10	VBZ	depends	depend
many patients survive beyond five years with treatment from NN , however it is difficult to attribute these findings directly to treatment with NN .	1	2	VBP	survive	survives
the protein sequences of NNS produced in this way are partially distinct from JJ NNS occurring naturally in humans , and are therefore potentially JJ when administered to human patients ( see also human NN NN ) .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the program helps students explore career paths , gain networking experience and discover NN opportunities .	1	2	VBZ	helps	help
she goes to an asylum , escapes , lives in the local woods for some time , then , as the winter comes , is found , frozen to death .	21	22	VBZ	comes	come
VBG channels , lifestyle and weather channels , and special channels dedicated for display in public areas ( such as waiting areas , airports , train stations , banks , NNS ) additionally exist .	10	33	VBP	exist	exists
in common law NNS , a court of record is a trial court in which a court clerk or a court reporter takes down a record of proceedings .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
a 2006 independent systematic review said , `` a small body of research suggests that NNP and JJ stress management may be effective in reducing JJ stress and its effects for african americans .	10	13	VBZ	suggests	suggest
NNP NNP , who VBZ alex , is one of the only two cast members to appear in every single episode of the series to date ; the only other cast member to do so is david NNP , who VBZ justin NNP .	31	35	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's entry on the university contains a link to georgetown `` notable alumni .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain
article is unreferenced throughout , JJ , and almost certainly a fictional event .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
other suggestions include king NNP NNP and king NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
his most recent novel is NNP in love ( 2010 ) , based on the VBN love life of canadian prime minister sir NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
such images VBP christ 's humanity and NN , VBG that christ is a man and yet is also god without beginning or end .	1	2	VBP	emphasize	emphasizes
NNP station is the seventh station on the NNP line to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
nowadays , the airport also serves as the destination for many commercial flights to NNP , especially for large planes which can not use the shorter runway at NNP airport , although it is still used by the air force .	3	5	VBZ	serves	serve
lots of people tend to fall into that sand trap .	0	3	VBP	tend	tends
the ship is a NN of the miniature ship NNP which was built in CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book gives a small NN of everyday life in maine , where NNP and his family moved following world war ii .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
the services provided include educational , recreation , medical , dental , and mental health programs .	1	3	VBP	include	includes
if this is the case , then only a weak version of the third NN is true , as there would be no fully `` correct '' grammar to be learned .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( JJ ) are JJ , JJ NN which use JJ organic NN just below the JJ layer ; the NN VBZ a chemical change when exposed to specific laser light NNS , creating bits ( marks ) containing data .	8	22	VBZ	undergoes	undergo
an infinite array of NN is not a NN in the traditional sense .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the flagship program of NNP , the teacher education institute ( NNP ) is an intensive JJ professional development and cultural exchange course that takes place annually during the summer .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the NNP version has the new 1 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the council VBZ a manager , who serves as the chief executive and administrative official .	1	2	VBZ	hires	hire
the interior of the old NN was used in the NNP , for the scenes in which mafia don NNP NNP is in the hospital after being shot , and his son , michael NNP , attempts to protect him against NN who are trying to kill him .	31	36	VBZ	attempts	attempt
about the other link , the reason of using it was because the commercial site is the official site of edward maya 's recording company and it just proves the fact that edward maya worked together with NNP to produce a song .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the NNP municipality has a population of 37 , CD people as of 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
not saying that i think this is ok or arguing that such a lower standard is a good thing .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
this type of ad NN VBZ itself from other forms by not being the base of the argument , but rather RB VBG such properties exist .	1	5	VBZ	distinguishes	distinguish
churches in the town include the JJ holy trinity church and christ church , which was built in 1843 .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
one more reason -- each page is very ad heavy .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this program includes workshops , NNS and manuscript evaluation .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
referencing the equal protection clause of the NNP amendment to the united states constitution , the NNP argues that the amendment VBZ individuals such as JJ students from discrimination in the education arena .	20	21	VBZ	protects	protect
NNP and NNP police stations serve this block .	4	5	VBP	serve	serves
RB , while the spanish speaking world is not as JJ about writing articles as the german speaking world - they do actually use wikipedia more frequently than german speakers do .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
that fact is not clearly explained in the article , and its a point i would like to have VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
from NNP , the merged river flows in a JJ direction through the NNP district and NNP woodland before heading west through NNP and NNP .	5	6	VBZ	flows	flow
delete admission it is not a draft of an article clip boards are fine but with this content its extremely questionable merits .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the temperature of firing has a greater influence on NN than VB size as excess energy goes into NN energy .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
like its NN POS NNP ' , the tree is not possessed of striking autumn colours , the leaves remaining green almost until they fall in late november .	18	24	VBP	fall	falls
seeds develop in NNS that have small NNS , enabling the NNS to be transported by animal fur or clothing .	0	1	VBP	develop	develops
according to the 2000 census , the village of NNP has a population of CD , making it the largest alaska native town along the NNP trail .	7	10	VBZ	has	have
these characters display JJ expressions , particularly when they are drawn to face the readers .	1	2	VBP	display	displays
the character of NNP is in many ways the continuation of such earlier NNP characters as johnny from `` food for all his dead '' , NNP ( later renamed NNP ) from `` yes , young NNP '' and NNP from `` NNP NNP NNP NNP '' .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this article needs to be heavily rewritten with a more encyclopedic view .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
i trust someone will delete it now that the tag is up .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
when river water carrying suspended NN particles reaches NN water , particle NN may be one of the factors responsible for river delta formation .	2	7	VBZ	reaches	reach
NN NN occurs when a NN tip turns RB , becoming NN toward the left NN , causing the NN of the JJ valve .	6	7	VBZ	turns	turn
in context of NNP beliefs , NNP writings use mary to illustrate a NN 's spiritual relationship with jesus , making any physical relationship irrelevant .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
i would not want us to create an environment where users feel JJ asking me for advice .	10	11	VBP	feel	feels
a further live version of the song is available on the dvd live at NNP july 16 , 1988 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a VBG case , but wikipedia is not a web guide , and nothing sets this group above the hundreds of very similar cases , so delete .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the song heavily features the NNP NNP and NNP wave NNS .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
agreed , with the NN that it would be VBN if a more independent source VBZ it .	14	15	VBZ	contradicts	contradict
the idea is that most cases run 5 days .	5	6	VBP	run	runs
british commonwealth forces successfully capture hill CD from chinese forces in the battle of NNP san .	2	4	VBP	capture	captures
NNP often fights with NNP at the beginning of the series , but finds out from her mother that they were childhood friends and begins to like him more and more , coming to love NNP as the story VBZ .	38	39	VBZ	progresses	progress
science is a very different beast .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
he will also throw the flag when a NN RB uses the national television audience to promote a stock for NN .	8	10	VBZ	uses	use
as i say , the facts about nigerian yellow pages are not in dispute .	5	10	VBP	are	is
that is , strong statements are those that can be verified independently of context , while weak statements depend on context .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the most popular NN controls for NNP are the NNP ( NNP information criterion ) and the NNP ( JJ information criterion ) for model selection .	4	7	VBP	are	is
people do not `` lose '' their life , but instead `` return '' , for they are returning to god ( who initially gave what the person is as a person ) .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the chinese NN NN and scientist NNP song has the successful pilot model for his astronomical clock tower constructed in NNP , china .	3	8	VBZ	has	have
its first ever ( and so far only ) representative is JJ NNP NNP , who is not a member of any political party , and is a first time mp .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the estimated population of NNP is 40 people .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the length of the shell measures 6 .	1	5	VBZ	measures	measure
the books also feature NNP NNP and faith mitchell .	1	3	VBP	feature	features
the dam is longest dam in japan and the biggest in southern NNP at 80 meters in length .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the station building is north of the tracks , on the JJ side .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the park has a NN area , and fishing is allowed on the pier for a small fee .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
evidence to the contrary is not a a content issue , but a behavioral issue .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
in any case , this has gone JJ by now ; no other admins seem to have been active at this page all day , and it 's too late for there to be any point blocking anymore .	13	14	VBP	seem	seems
it is also pointed out that the NNP family had connections with france , where this fashion appears earlier than it does in england .	16	17	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP replacement of the value of a global variable is at the heart of bugs caused by use of global variables .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the article is a JJ stub created in 2006 and RB improved since then .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
several images that previously worked now appear as broken links but look fine when VBN twice to view the original image .	1	6	VBP	appear	appears
according to the 2007 census , the city has some 34 , CD inhabitants .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the common room has a comfortable , JJ feel that is reminiscent of many of the JJ houses .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this is a chinese name ; the family name is NNP ( chen ) chen NNP ( ) ; JJ ) was a chinese painter of late ming dynasty .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
although the released version of the song contains a verse in which idol VBZ `` new york , '' other versions of the song were recorded for various radio stations , including one in which he VBZ `` NNP '' , `` minneapolis '' , or `` new haven .	3	7	VBZ	contains	contain
i was thinking it 's that they might be able to `` expand their disney universe '' - trying to make younger kids fall in love with disney , so they can see their movies , etc .	22	23	VBP	fall	falls
the radical difference between this law and those of mill and NNP is that it deals not with particular units of thoughts but with NNS or identity between individuals .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
he and NNP NNP showed that the NNS of NN are NNS , enabling him to show that NNS are proteins .	18	19	VBP	are	is
if the first word has a NN attached , the JJ actually VBZ the NN from the verb , e .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
these NNS run parallel to each other and are VBN in a high NN NN pipe , which is cement VBN .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
their main clans are the NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
excellent NN work covers the structure to result in a JJ , JJ arch style bridge .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
russian ( or whatever the language is ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
his other hit movie in the same year is NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
because of this ideal location , the base is able to provide JJ support to both us sixth fleet units in the mediterranean and to NNP air mobility command units VBG to germany and southwest asia .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
demand for JJ criterion collection releases has VBN the business of NN ( NN ) copies , often VBN as a criterion collection `` asian '' edition to VB their NN nature .	0	5	VBZ	releases	release
JJ stadium is a NN stadium in NNP , lebanon .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article needs much cleanup , and will also need NN - but the gallery does appear to be notable enough to take a swing at it .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
NNS differ from NNP NN ( with likewise NN ) by the larger size of the NN .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
this design is originally by NNP and it is of the membrane type .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this 2 , CD seat theater is also home to the flint symphony orchestra , annual holiday NNP , community NNS , NNS , and many other events .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of wikipedia is to share information that has already been published elsewhere in a reliable source .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
such terminology is loosely applied , however , as some NNS prefer to VB the two terms .	10	11	VBP	prefer	prefers
the city is home to the fort NNP u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
image fails to meet the threshold of NN .	0	1	VBZ	fails	fail
comments and constructive criticism are of course welcome .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNS VB that the newly discovered double star system wise CD is the JJ neighbor to the solar system .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
most systems vary from pure NNP , particularly the systems used in celtic studies .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the NNS of philippine mythology are the gods , NNS and NNS VBN by ancient NNPS before the NN of the natives after the spanish conquest of the philippines .	1	5	VBP	are	is
we also assume that all atoms have an identical environment ( i .	5	6	VBP	have	has
its architectural style is a combination of NNP and early english .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one example is the riot in 2006 following the general election in the solomon islands .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its use is prevalent in 3d games , where more than 8 directions are needed ( which is all that was offered on the NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the city receives 2 , CD hours of sunshine per NN , with the maximum NN occurring in march .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
if people are JJ about restoring the bit due to the time frame and my lack of recent edits , i completely understand ( i 'm all for full NN ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if a country sells off its resources to entities outside their country this will also be reflected over time in decreased NNP , but not decreased NNP .	2	3	VBZ	sells	sell
their location is still unknown , although there are few candidates for this position .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he VBZ attempts to find an intermediate NN ( even if the NN presents the NNS he wants to be included ) .	12	13	VBZ	presents	present
regardless of what faction the player starts with , most of the other faction 's units can be VBN later in the game .	5	6	VBZ	starts	start
keep ac NNP appears to be a professional team in algeria and these players are part of a major international game .	13	14	VBP	are	is
it is very easy for NNS to ignore or VB the complications of this product when being presented with minimal monthly NNS that could be from one half to one third what other , more JJ , NN products require .	38	39	VBP	require	requires
the entire route is in berkshire county .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ article has no real sources or context .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
an image below from mars global NNP shows this .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show
and a daily star article like this forces me to VB on the subject !	4	7	VBZ	forces	force
the candidates personal approach to voting in afds has nothing to do with whether they can be trusted to fairly close an afd .	3	8	VBZ	has	have
the movie remains realistic in terms of the interactions of the characters and features an early turn by joel NNP as the leading man , a small boat NN who VBZ bennett from the river after she VBZ to escape capture .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the decision , the NN decision , has not as yet been made as to whether or not we are going to actually purchase , buy , acquire , the NNP .	1	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP mode is still active in a special stage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while in the public eye in the early 1990s , the movement carries on more RB in the NNP project and independent JJ practitioners .	11	12	VBZ	carries	carry
indeed , forms of JJ NN appear throughout the world in most JJ or JJ traditions , WRB NNS seek to touch upon the essence of a deity or spirit .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears
but the norwegian coast was studied in NN as well as in NNS ; and a fine canvas at munich shows NNS on a still and JJ day taking NNS to a smoking NN at the foot of a norwegian NN .	17	20	VBZ	shows	show
the national capital region area has just over 1 .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
comment it seems a RB excessive to delete these two user pages .	0	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the link works for me ( but maybe try the google VBD version ) .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the new machine has a range of from 100 to 5 , 000 frequencies [ JJ ] , or five and a half VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the charity also works with partners in ukraine to provide support for socially isolated communities , and it works with partners in ukraine , NNP and india to VB people living with disabilities there , with services including job training , specialist therapy , and NN NN improvements .	1	3	VBZ	works	work
it is not known how the coral manages to capture the NN in the first place .	6	7	VBZ	manages	manage
NNP bone , like JJ bone , is derived from humans ; the difference is that NN is VBN from an individual other than the one receiving the NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the population is 56 , CD ( as of 2010 ) and most of the people are NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even if a defender reaches the pass first , the outcome could still be good for the attacking team .	3	4	VBZ	reaches	reach
the NN keeps its name north into orleans county .	1	2	VBZ	keeps	keep
its green products include JJ concrete , NNP , NNP ash content concrete , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , VBZ such as sand , rock and NN , concrete and NN products , parking NNS , NNP , NNP , and erosion control .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
note that your last question is different from your second ( i .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
with no way of getting home , the only option they have is to sell the car and hope they get enough money for the trip home .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
the production of NN is so similar in color and NN to VB that some NNS refer to it as `` chinese NN '' or `` chinese white NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
however , the CD ss heavy NNP battalion was only engaged at NNP , so this unit 's losses are available .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the role is a JJ VBN one in ancient greek and roman society , as there was never any public gallery in the building where the government met and much of the population was JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
then , using that dna collected , you must correctly create different species of NNS , which becomes increasingly complex as the game VBZ .	22	23	VBZ	progresses	progress
other teams with notable success include the boys soccer team , who won the 2007 NNP NNP state championship .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
i 'd also argue that the NNP article is specific about him not just as a member of his team .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
every path is a challenge which leads to a destination as NN and as mighty as the sacred NNP , NNP is magic mountain , and the crown of our country .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the occupy movement is an example of what has happened to the youth of today and exhibits the NN of today 's emerging adults .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the most obvious difference between NNP and NNP rally is the ability to reward the dog with food in the ring under specific conditions in NNP rally .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
my understanding was that the very act of removing the speedy tag is one of VBG the claim , and that allowing it to be restored allows that dispute to go JJ , and is JJ .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
he also stated that the album is `` JJ '' and that NNP NNP `` RB stands out from the pack '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
full NN cabinet doors fit closely so that they obscure the face frame when closed .	3	4	VBP	fit	fits
the JJ model further suggests that specific NN sequences ( NNS ) are RB linked to these JJ NNS and act as `` functional groups '' that VBP the immune response .	2	4	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the village also hosts a small industrial area .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
the villages around NNP are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP .	1	4	VBP	are	is
or material in both articles is already on the VBG block ( and i have some ideas about how to VB further additions of such NN in the future ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
miller is unable to take out the NN ; instead , the NN 's dying NN makes the kill , but the NN believed miller made the killing shot , earning miller a false reputation .	15	16	VBZ	makes	make
though the performers and the audience share close quarters , the NN never becomes JJ .	6	13	VBZ	becomes	become
the NNS are usually not filled by the NN holders .	1	2	VBP	are	is
c below ) it was RB inappropriate , and the user in question has a history of disruptive edits to articles on other political figures .	10	13	VBZ	has	have
the game starts at the NNP village , and NNP can also travel out to the forest , and to roman camps .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
JJ region is one of the thirteen regions of NNP , its capital is NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the championship consists of two separate ranking tables .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
disk utility allows you to RB alter partition sizes too .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
throughout its over 50 years of existence , the university has JJ significant growth , VBG the quality of undergraduate and graduate education while maintaining its role as an agent of community development .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
his fur is jet black and is VBN with white from numerous NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
copyright problems ( though the email method is JJ especially if the text NN finding is not available online for quick verification .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
many games end in the NN .	1	2	VBP	end	ends
this facade is long , and has been about in height .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if central banks usually target the JJ interest rate ( as their policy instrument ) then this leads to the money supply being JJ .	2	4	VBP	target	targets
the statutory boards of the NNP government are organisations that have been given authority to perform certain functions in society .	2	7	VBP	are	is
NNP , the answer is no , but i thought i 'd check here to be sure .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the quote is from NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this VBZ with JJ relationships in which both partners are of the same hiv status ( i .	8	9	VBP	are	is
targets are to be marked after each series .	0	1	VBP	are	is
united nations headquarters discusses how the territory is still subject to us law .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the JJ school , run by the society of the divine word , teaches preparatory , elementary and high school .	2	13	VBZ	teaches	teach
while cleaning up the house for the open house , NNP comes back from africa and asks why sydney 's name is on his lawn .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NNP , though , as these blocks are for NNS and not behavior , so finding NNS would be JJ for now .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the article is one of the core topics about the left hand path .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
organic compounds tend to be colored when there is extensive NN , causing the energy gap between the NNP and NNP to decrease , bringing the NN band from the NNP to the visible region .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
the lower house is the west virginia house of delegates and the upper house is the senate .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the process is JJ and an admin will review that matter in that forum .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only good reason i can think of is a case in which metric is not the usual system of measurement .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
VBN diamond in his award-winning books , guns , NNP and steel and the third NNP provides JJ and JJ evidence for the rise of large-scale warfare as a result of advances in technology and NNS .	1	16	VBZ	provides	provide
several studies have shown that cats develop NN towards their owners .	5	6	VBP	develop	develops
transferred to cd on NNP CD ; 19 titles , along with her 1911 la NN track , are also on NNP NNP CD .	8	18	VBP	are	is
this song is available at no cost .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a redirect may be appropriate , but the article is not .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP uses a number of NNS where JJ languages tend to favor NNS ; thus , all spatial and most other relations such as under , on , or above are expressed by using the JJ NN in combination with a NN .	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
the description bears no similarity to a JJ track .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
section 1 of the NNP amendment to the united states constitution provides that `` all persons born or VBN in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction RB , are citizens of the united states and of the state NN they reside .	0	11	VBZ	provides	provide
the nominator here appears to have some pretty substantial knowledge of linguistics .	1	3	VBZ	appears	appear
his voice is slightly reminiscent of bill clinton .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the video starts out as an old silent film , with a title screen that presents the band , the song , and the director .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
soon afterwards , a soldier from maria 's division arrives .	4	9	VBZ	arrives	arrive
the number of seeds per berry is JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
its `` claim to fame '' is mineral springs , the largest natural NN spring in the world .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
us dollars ( or international dollars ) either , so i just VBD that bit , though if someone thinks that NN provides good info , i can restore .	21	22	VBZ	provides	provide
on the atlantic coast of costa rica , the village of NNP has one such initiative .	9	12	VBZ	has	have
screening trials test the best way to detect certain diseases or health conditions .	1	2	VBP	test	tests
first she is seen in prison and later a woman opens her prison door and takes her away .	9	10	VBZ	opens	open
people are no longer able to view the bell fountain for which the town was named .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP of NNP the times daily wrote in february 2012 that NNP reads like a `` national fairly tale , whose every page is a NN , VBG minister NNP NNP , and the NNP government '' .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
the phrase is a negative term describing VBD children raised by wealthy parents , growing up with little or no moral values , or any forms of necessary daily life skills .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
during the course of the 2008 baseball season , berry has frequently posed the question of who his audience thinks is JJR - NNP fox or anne NNP - with berry stating his choice of the latter and defending it both on the fantasy NNP and his weekly columns .	18	19	VBZ	thinks	think
however , it is not a sequel or NN and the storyline is completely different from the original war and beauty .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
his reputation is most linked to his JJ free translation of NNP 's NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
experts estimate that the number of cancer cases will increase by the year CD by 30 percent .	0	1	VBP	estimate	estimates
physical abuse includes hitting , VBG , NN , VBG , pushing , burning and other types of contact that result in physical injury to the victim .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
heir to NNP is the story of NNP ( NNP ) daughter of sean and NNP ( NNP ) , an NN , NN , and VBG young woman .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the missing child grows up as philip NNP , the adopted child of the owners of NNP station , who already have a daughter joan .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow
k ) , then the set of natural numbers is a proper subset of NNP , since for each natural number n , there is a corresponding identity matrix of dimension n .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the NN version of this song also VBZ the same instruments .	2	7	VBZ	implements	implement
using talk pages for the way users usually communicate here .	6	8	VBP	communicate	communicates
this article should be kept because the conspiracy theory exists .	8	9	VBZ	exists	exist
the legend tells about the creation of lake NNP , mount NNP NNP , mount NNP and mount NNP NNP ( NNP NNP area ) .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
both campuses offer curriculum and continuing education classes .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
the central plateau languages are a close geographical group with numerous connections ; however , they are to some extent a JJ group , and may be a NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
old farms have been transformed into JJ hotels , the restaurant and café business is very active , and an extensive cycle touring network has come into existence over the past few years .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
the newspaper is an important part of the new zealand history , often expressing a liberal view .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his other canadian television credits include the series NNP , angela 's eyes , NNP , this is NNP , NNP , peter NNP 's amazon and NNP arms .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
her mother has family in puerto rico , but emily has never had any contact with them - not until she 's forced to go to the caribbean for her grandmother 's funeral .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
towns in NNP include NNP and NNP .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
and the main part of the article is about the scientific controversy .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NN concepts which inform an assumption or a NN are not RB taken as NNS or NNS of any sort .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the first thing the bride does on their arrival is to give her husband a black eye and without a word march NN to her bedroom where she will reside for the best part of the rest of her life .	4	5	VBZ	does	do
however , the only product marketed under the NNP brand in south africa is a NN extract based spread .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
his compositions include `` NNP NNP NNP '' and `` NNP is two '' , the latter of which was recorded by NNP holiday .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
NNP says that if the culture has an inherent level of trust , that people are more willing to join each other in debate and discussion , whereas , when no trust is established it becomes JJ and falls apart .	14	15	VBP	are	is
if people disagree with whether or not such changes are improvements , they should discuss the matter at the article talk page and try to come to an agreement .	1	2	VBP	disagree	disagrees
this category is for people who have NNP of science degrees in economics or political science .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the alternative title to `` truth is NNP than fishing '' was `` NNP 's NNP '' .	2	6	VBZ	Is	Are
that article is for recurring sketches .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
now , how long until the next nominee comes along .	7	8	VBZ	comes	come
i was wondering if images of NNP 's buildings from google maps are acceptable .	4	12	VBP	are	is
NNP NNP , chief executive of the NNP , states that `` no one ever says israel is perfect '' and predicted the NN group will have trouble finding support .	13	15	VBZ	says	say
the no parking players performance group also has regular shows , featuring a mix of NN games , NN , and audience participation .	5	7	VBZ	has	have
sources found are adequate for VBG notability .	0	2	VBP	are	is
now the right hand side is always negative , so even if the expansion NN is initially positive ( if our small ball of dust is initially increasing in volume ) , eventually it must become negative ( our ball of dust must VB ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this merge would be JJ to forcing a square NN into a round hole simply because the hole is there .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
detailed policy information for each party is also available .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the temple of NNP still exists ; it is now called NNP , and can be found in the city of NNP , NNP .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist
this year marks the JJ anniversary of his birth .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
investors receive a variable quarterly NN linked to the JJ cash NNS paid on the NNP in the index , less financing costs and VBN tracking fees .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
the closing date of this NN is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
examples include white dwarf stars , NN stars , black holes , main sequence stars , giant stars , and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the instrument 's name comes from the chinese words VBP , meaning `` NN , '' and si , meaning `` silk '' ( referring to the instrument 's smooth tone ) .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
the NNS are rather similar apart from the male having a RB shaped `` NN '' which carries two of the eight eyes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ JJ ranks - the vice chief of the defence force , chief of joint operations , chief of the capability development executive and chiefs of the navy , army and air force comprise the six NNP ranked NNS .	2	33	VBP	comprise	comprises
these songs are `` NNP '' , `` NN blue '' , `` sugar NNP '' , and `` NNP ' down the road feeling bad '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
eventually , the electrons pass through the JJ NN molecule and leaves NN ii .	3	4	VBP	pass	passes
JJ NN NN is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the adults live at least CD years in the ocean and then return to fresh water to VB .	1	2	VBP	live	lives
besides national and international news , the newspaper covers local news from NNP and its metropolitan area ( greater NNP ) , plus other towns in the region and four other provinces besides santa fe , reaching about 2 million readers .	7	8	VBZ	covers	cover
the NN wind comes from the north varying between north RB and JJ directions .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
in this episode , NNP is busy applying to colleges , and charles has to VB the NNP to get into college but an unexpected visit from his brother travis gets him into trouble and almost killed .	25	30	VBZ	gets	get
party work demands a lot from others , but most of all from myself .	1	2	VBZ	demands	demand
mineral resources include gold , silver , and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a JJ setting of the mass ordinary also survives .	2	8	VBZ	survives	survive
as the disease VBZ , the NNS turn gray and small dark black or brown JJ form in the NN mass .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
i believe JJ sources exist that notability can be established .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
he also realizes that when the marines arrive , they would not be able to VB the heavily VBN complex , despite the NN and support they will have .	6	7	VBP	arrive	arrives
along with NNP sports , the suburb is also home to many junior sports teams .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
some names differ from modern usage .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs
the overall process of ending a relationship VBZ the conclusion that people strongly and generally want to resist the dissolution of a social bond since separation is generally associated with negative emotions where as the goal of life is to be happy .	2	7	VBZ	favors	favor
they start to fight , and the text VBZ with their shields VBN .	7	8	VBZ	concludes	conclude
proposals of this kind have become increasingly frequent in recent years but JJ accounts for NN are not RB popular .	13	16	VBP	are	is
some JJ NNS require moderate to extensive lifestyle changes , including diet , VBG hours and how to VB and make love , which has led to allegations of JJ communities in some cases .	2	3	VBP	require	requires
the closest public primary school is mount NNP state school in mackenzie .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at the professional level , most male players are above and most women above .	7	8	VBP	are	is
fair use in bill NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the town gets its name from its location on the main roman road from NNP to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the player who VBZ in gets the chance to answer .	1	5	VBZ	gets	get
the case when s is the unit sphere in NNP is of particular interest .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it is said the NNS reached the northern part of the islands after NNS , given the island chain 's proximity to the solomon islands and new guinea where NNS are very common .	29	30	VBP	are	is
the original NN may be long gone from the patient 's life , but the patient VBZ on following the old patterns , VBG to VB the broken relationship with the now VBN NN .	15	16	VBZ	persists	persist
some minor NNS of NNP 's NNP river also rise in the mountains of northwestern mongolia .	2	9	VBP	rise	rises
one particular point of interest is an NNP ( international space station ) transit .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
nigerian directors adopt new technologies as soon as they become JJ .	1	2	VBP	adopt	adopts
obviously they dont know that new user accounts are not paid much importance to .	7	8	VBP	are	is
her albums are not only famous for the JJ songs but also for the NN love stories depicted with them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i do n't even understand what that thread is all about , i have not VBN with or encouraged anybody to VB user NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
after the basic shape is obtained , the decorative and finishing work begins .	11	12	VBZ	begins	begin
NNP continues to be a member of the NNP , although after he helped his friends save the world from NNP , he VBZ the team 's importance and has a JJ respect for them .	15	16	VBP	save	saves
this game uses all NNP buttons instead of an external NNP drum controller .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the language provides powerful text processing facilities without the arbitrary data length limits of many contemporary NNP tools , VBG easy NN of text files .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
comment - have not read the entire article , but the critical reception looks very JJ .	12	13	VBZ	looks	look
the object of the game is to bid correctly on the number of tricks that a player will take in the subsequent round of play .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
during this pass through the NNP parade segment , riders would hear a `` loop '' of `` by a NN '' ( a song featured in NNP parade ) lasting approximately 40 seconds as NNS fall from the ceiling .	35	36	VBP	fall	falls
due to the JJ approach every member has a NN , so contentious issues must remain JJ until agreements can be reached .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
the NN of NN in hydrogen is equal to the NN of the NNP radius , but since NNP worked with circular NNS , not zero area NNS , the fact that these two numbers exactly agree , is considered a `` NN .	34	36	VBP	agree	agrees
this case is essential for the safety of the mount , and it is kept in a special container in the mount whenever the ship is in a combat zone .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
his recordings include 16 cd 's with the complete works of fernando NNP , and a collection of 5 cd 's containing j .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ NN is an JJ region of NN on the JJ surface of each NN hemisphere of the JJ brain , consisting of parts of the NN , JJ and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
songs like `` NNP de NNP , '' and `` NNP NNP '' are among the most JJ in her recent return to her jazz roots .	0	13	VBP	are	is
the field hunter 's primary requirements have more to do with ability than with looks ; therefore he may be any type of horse or NN which can get the job done , safely and RB for his rider .	5	6	VBP	have	has
the relative location of the NN chamber within the NN may also change as bee NNS add more boxes or as wild NNS build fresh NN into available NNS .	22	23	VBP	build	builds
the franchise 's distinctive feature , a foot NN , controls whether the player 's character takes cover ( leaving him JJ but unable to shoot ) or attacks ( which makes the player vulnerable ) .	15	16	VBZ	takes	take
NNP resources are the JJS in turkey .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the reality is , however , that major conflicts are likely to VB before any of these players actually runs out of oil .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the term is derived from NN , meaning NN , and relates to the golden color it may VB just before the butterfly VBZ ; the latin word for gold is NN .	22	23	VBZ	emerges	emerge
a partially black and white video following the lives of two women in abusive relationships , with NNP playing on a television in the background , VBG a 1940s JJ singer who suffers domestic abuse herself , although she eventually manages to escape from the relationship .	5	40	VBZ	manages	manage
it has been argued that many JJ risks are currently unknown .	7	8	VBP	are	is
both buildings have a similar JJ design in case of the union building the two wings are joined by a JJ NN , while with NNP building , the north and south blocks are separated and face each other .	1	2	VBP	have	has
in the different villages of the island , similar to how the exact dance style varies , there are also small variations in dress .	15	18	VBP	are	is
this one change by congress has resulted in the odd situation where software makers claim that NNS do not own the software but rather only license it .	13	14	VBP	claim	claims
this municipality is in the `` NNP '' path , this is organized by the national institute of tourism and some mayor 's offices of several municipalities .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all votes that oppose RB because too many of his edits are related to NNP are invalid .	1	15	VBP	are	is
this balance between autonomy and belonging is one of the VBG features of the NNP confederation , and brings with it both NNS and NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a general approach is to start simple , then move toward more abstract and general statements as the article proceeds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his paintings tend to be abstract but will often feature one or two JJ figures , such as a flower or a person .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
most varieties have red flowers and VBN seeds ( though some have white flowers and white seeds ) , and they are often grown as JJ plants .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a file hosting service , cloud storage service , online file storage provider , or NN is an internet hosting service specifically designed to host user files .	3	16	VBZ	is	are
alternative NN native NNS ( NN ) that have been cultivated for NN NNS , such as buffalo grass and blue NN , can survive with a quarter of the water that NN varieties need .	33	34	VBP	need	needs
the demon returns in `` the JJ identity '' where , after dean loses ruby 's knife and is VBN by demons , she kills one with the knife and forces the other one to flee .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return
their pursuit ends with them VBG on NNP .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
NNP admits that while NNP 's talents are odd , he appears to truly have the power to control the weather .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the role of NNP is one item in the debate over whether NNP 's treatment of NNP reflects the historical NNP , or is a largely fictional contribution to the literary debate about NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the gas is self administered through a demand valve , using a NN , JJ block or face mask .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one theory is that the hot feeling comes from opening blood vessels at the surface of the skin NN and dying due to the cold .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the rendering is simple and clean , and characters often have mere circles for eyes .	8	10	VBP	have	has
facilities include a sports hall , two tennis courts , three drama studios , a playing field , a gym and a rock climbing wall .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
NNS observe objects in the JJ portion of the electromagnetic spectrum using optical components , including mirrors , NNS and solid state digital NNS .	0	1	VBP	observe	observes
when the time comes , i will check the date of the last post in each and every thread .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
a blind resident discovers a VBG NN VBD up in the sand , who VBZ up .	2	3	VBZ	discovers	discover
the one sentence looks quite JJ at the moment .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look
the team behind NNP is pretty JJ about such things .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
this particular arbcom case is about fringe science , not fringe theories .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
auckland council rates combine the rates of the various VBD local councils and the auckland regional council rates .	2	3	VBP	combine	combines
RB the urban areas in themselves represent NNS by offering elevated firing positions and JJ NN points by forcing the opponent to advance through the streets .	3	6	VBP	represent	represents
at this time , one challenge using this virus as a therapy tool is the fact that the NN is fairly small .	5	13	VBZ	is	are
one theme is from the tamil language versions of the hindu epic NNP , focusing on the character NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the senior population distribution is 88 people or 10 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
notable contributors to the newspaper include mike cohen , city NN for NNP saint NNP and daniel NNP , a well-known JJ writer .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
this area includes the NNP school of history , culture and communication , the faculty of social sciences and the faculty of philosophy .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
in the years between , NNP moved into the role of sales manager , then station manager , before purchasing NNP through vision communications , a company NNP owns with his wife , karen .	26	28	VBZ	owns	own
NNP has been a major NN of the NNP gandhi national rural employment guarantee act although a large part of the population is still dependent on agriculture .	18	22	VBZ	is	are
NNP turbine plant ; the electrical NNS are the NNP .	6	7	VBP	are	is
around JJ items can be reasonably VBN in a NN layout , but additional items past that tend to VB the benefits of using JJ NNS in the first place .	14	17	VBP	tend	tends
so the question is whether we can be JJR to visitors , who generally do n't enter via the main page , without taking up too much space or JJ things .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as the box up the top says , for factual questions head to the reference desk .	5	6	VBZ	says	say
the 2013 NNP south american rally championship season is an international rally championship VBN by the NNP and run by the NNP NNP NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's JJ production is RB JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP does n't seem to apply since i do n't doubt that the image is free .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNS contain ram , which are easily JJ but lose all stored memory as soon as the power is turned off .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the area is primarily residential , but includes some commercial districts , including five points , the king street district , and the NNP of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the spirit NN ( a precursor to the modern off licence ) was shut when the only alcohol licence for the village was bought by the church to keep NNP `` dry '' - the nearest pub is slightly over a mile away in the neighboring village of NNP .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
template not in use ; main article 17th NNP uses instead .	6	9	VBZ	uses	use
NNP receptor NN is a condition showing some NN to genetic therapy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
so far no reliable sources are present to confirm that he was ever a champion of ussr .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the problem with a lot of afds is simply lack of awareness .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( 2011 population 27 , CD ; NNP population 30 , CD ) is a town in JJ ontario , canada , and the seat of NNP county .	3	14	VBZ	is	are
the greatest concentrations of JJ terrain are in the same locations as giant , ancient river valleys .	2	6	VBP	are	is
NNP 's figures show that the shoes manufacturer is clearly the most viewed article of this disambiguation page , and by a significant margin .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
the statistical area `` JJ '' , which also can include the JJ parts of the village , as well as the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	25	VBZ	has	have
the 1975 film nashville also features a character , played by david NNP , presumably based on NNP .	2	5	VBZ	features	feature
the song tells about a man leading a double life .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
there may be an JJ connection , in the sense that authors have linked the two , but ( assuming that the topic can be discussed in the lead while giving appropriate weight ) the proper approach is for wikipedia to report on the arguments linking the two .	36	37	VBZ	is	are
a bronze statue of lewis 's character NNP , from the NNP 's nephew , stands in belfast 's NNP arches in front of the NNP road library .	2	15	VBZ	stands	stand
there are JJ agencies , under seven NNS that are involved in maintaining water quality , yet their communication and data sharing between agencies is JJ .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
VBG is a better idea but the trouble here is that article titles should be the form of words which a reader is mostly like to use .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the best answer is often to simply revert and ignore , report the ip addresses at intervention against vandalism or ask for page protection at requests for page protection .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
image contributions seem to indicate exclusive NN from the same website whose references to the external link were removed from various articles .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
NNP vector is a gear set used in the NNS and machine tool industry for a large gear reduction in a confined space with little or no NN or VB interference .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
opened in 1854 , the pier is melbourne 's primary passenger terminal , VBG interstate NNS and cruise ships , and is listed on the victorian heritage register .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
thus , no one knows how many VBP the dealer had in his original nine cards .	3	4	VBZ	knows	know
michael NNP ) whose discussion of the symptoms with his doctor ( john NNP ) is in somewhat JJ sequence , a common NN of the condition .	4	15	VBZ	is	are
sweden 's system is just like the one described above , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the subject that you are having difficulty discussing is whether or not the content of outline of northern cyprus could just as easily be contained within northern cyprus , outline of cyprus , and outline of turkey .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP VBP their lovers are true , alfonso sets out to test both .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the site sits on london clay .	1	2	VBZ	sits	sit
route 3 follows the island 's eastern shore to the tourist town of bar harbor , then continues south through NNP national park to the village of northeast harbor .	0	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the chain thread is the carrier in which the coloured striking thread is VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the concept of artificial covers only seemingly the above general class because it is an NN whose correct meaning is JJ only if one uses it after a noun ( e .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
as a rule , an individual is only elected reader once in life , but becomes a substitute for other readers , as needed .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this characteristic is important in determining whether a human pilot will be able to control the aircraft in the JJ plane without requiring excessive attention or excessive strength .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the use of technology throughout the school extends lessons even further as they interact with NNS and computers .	1	7	VBZ	extends	extend
after alfonso vii 's death in CD , the title was abandoned , and the kings who used it are not commonly mentioned as having been `` NNS '' , in spanish or other NN .	15	19	VBP	are	is
also , the school is the third oldest school in the county to offer education in NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ el NNP NN is an JJ volcanic event just off the island of el NNP , the smallest and JJS south and west of the NNP islands ( an autonomous community of spain ) , in the atlantic ocean off the coast of africa .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the main road in NNP is the motorway NNP , connecting NNP and NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN of radiation waves is different from static fields because these waves carry energy away from the system .	13	14	VBP	carry	carries
for example , the freshman john has his math class on a `` b '' day in fifth block .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
in addition , more than 30 full-time merchants are open JJ and offer specialty foods , fresh NNS and NN , restaurants and NNS , JJ , home NNS and much more .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the novel describes the adventures of a pilot , who lost his way and came to the world of these beings .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
records show that martin van NNP and his secretary of war were honored guests there august 25 , 1837 .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
one advantage is that it can help students who have improved their grades substantially in the fall of their senior year , since decisions are not made until march of senior year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a large indian man notices this and she and NNP are kidnapped and taken to a NNP .	3	4	VBZ	notices	notice
once the report is submitted to the ministry of law and justice , the task of the commission ends unless it is required to VB upon identified areas of provide NNS by the government on the report submitted .	14	18	VBZ	ends	end
their NN are long and the females have an VBN , JJ , VBN NN .	6	7	VBP	have	has
NNS of NN wings claim that the NN of the wing VBZ VBG and ease of gas NN .	0	4	VBP	claim	claims
to the present , the town offers JJ housing .	5	6	VBZ	offers	offer
the event of the murder is well enough covered in the article of walter NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
many other wikimedia NNS have their own copy of the tool ; many of them will have to be updated manually .	3	4	VBP	have	has
this scale is usually for large aircraft such as NNS and bombers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also say whether the NNS now satisfy you or not .	4	6	VBP	satisfy	satisfies
its projects involve such things as controlling JJ species , VBG native JJ vegetation , improving fish passage , and creating JJ flood storage .	1	2	VBP	involve	involves
the county receives grants in order to help fund this part of recovery and is advised to in the NN plan to keep VBG the NNP local permit program in order to maintain the staff they need to finish the work .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive
fair use in chain reaction ( NNP album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the district contains approximately 1 , CD buildings with about 31 structures which do not contribute to the district .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
in some sentences the styles are mixed , and they should not be ( 11th and seventh ) .	4	5	VBP	are	is
on the JJ bars ( also known as JJ bars , uk ) , the NN performs a routine on two horizontal bars set at different heights .	15	16	VBZ	performs	perform
the NN with which the poem ends is most likely an NN to a passage in NNP 's account of the NNP war .	5	6	VBZ	ends	end
jimmy 's search for a JJ partner leads him to NNP , and robert VBZ the two to VB as the JJ same-sex pairs team , because the regulations fail to state the NNS of the pairs .	2	7	VBZ	leads	lead
north of the river NNP , the rise is steady .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the second is an exploration of the potential for using mobile technologies in conjunction with JJ programming to create JJ , interactive NNP of the electric company , NNP workshop 's JJ NNS initiative show for JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the remaining building societies which VBD have all subsequently lost their independence , either through NN or acquisition by other banks .	3	6	VBP	have	has
both methods help the underlying area to VB .	1	2	VBP	help	helps
a NNP filter , JJ filter , NNP or NNP ( VBN NNP NNP optical filter ) works by rotating the NN of the light passing through the NN cell .	2	17	VBZ	works	work
if the height of the NN is already known , the JJ phase contribution can be calculated and removed .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
voyage of the NNP '' is an episode of the british science fiction television series doctor who .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the village has a high percentage of elderly and retired people , as well as many young families attracted by job opportunities , local schools and new housing developments .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the county has no large commercial areas .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i have to say that the policy that all schools are notable is totally JJ in my opinion .	9	10	VBP	are	is
the application works against the JJ data , and the changes are uploaded in a batch .	1	2	VBZ	works	work
the auto show features over CD vehicles on .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
as of may 2013 , y NNP had funded over 500 some of the NN funded companies include NNP , NN , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	16	17	VBP	include	includes
the cell phones are typically NNP and NNP NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP , a mixture of french and NNP , where the NNS and NNS tend to be french ( including agreement ) , and the JJ NNS are entirely NNP .	11	14	VBP	tend	tends
philadelphia 's NNP ( 1908 ) was NNP 's first and only large-scale bronze , and the sculpture is one of the earliest examples of JJ art in the united states .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
all iowa rivers are part of the mississippi river watershed , which in iowa consists of the upper mississippi river drainage basin and the missouri river drainage basin .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the page tries to VB together all of the information related to article deletion in a somewhat JJ , and especially JJ way .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
key molecules in the NN are the t cell receptor and its counterpart the major NN complex ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
although widely recognized as a JJ athlete and especially a JJ defender , NNP 's playing style is somewhat controversial as he is often accused of VBG JJ NNS RB .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the peer review department of wikiproject NNP worth VBZ peer review of articles on request .	3	8	VBZ	conducts	conduct
roger NNP gave the film four out of four stars , commenting that `` like the french NNS of jacques NNP , it 's a JJ meditation on human nature in which one humorous situation flows into another RB , as if life were a series of NNS .	34	35	VBZ	flows	flow
the map looks better for it shows where in the world the NNP is .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
keep lots of NNS are here ; linguistic differences are notable ; and wp is not VBN .	8	9	VBP	are	is
these words indicate that NNP NNP was JJ to retain control of the JJS portion of the silk route , as he VBD his NN of its other segments all the way east to china .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
these NN forums also have information on other NNS VBP from the ghost trap , to the NN NN , to the NNP .	2	4	VBP	have	has
this center holds seeds of JJ crops , VBD JJ plant materials , animal and JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
not one , but five towns use NN NNS as their claims to fame , and none is particularly happy about the others .	5	6	VBP	use	uses
this version has various differences in the mix and effects and also includes extra lyrics towards the end of the song .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
deletion policy 's reasons for deletion and , to me , the article looks fine , good sources , JJ text , all images licensed under proper creative commons licenses , etc .	12	13	VBZ	looks	look
the new main library is one of the largest university libraries in africa with five floors and a significantly larger and more modern computer network .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the two NNS are perfect NNS , the resulting JJ map generated is represented in NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
area movement is a common feature in lighter NNS and some NN games , such as axis and allies , war at sea and risk .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town constitutes one election district and in november , 1894 , CD votes were VBN .	1	2	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
the village has a population of 65 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
it also includes a ticket sales stand that sells tickets to various shows around NNP avenue .	5	6	VBP	stand	stands
individuals communicate with calls that include a short NN , variations of JJ , and a sharp NN alarm note .	0	1	VBP	communicate	communicates
the hamlet is part of the rural municipality of VBG hills no .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the highest peak is NNP e NNP which rises at above sea level , while the highest peak on the greek side is at above sea level .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
according to the rules , if a father or child is unable to compete , a replacement family takes their place .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
engines typically need a roughly linear increase in duration as the NNP rises .	0	2	VBP	need	needs
sometimes these neighborhoods reflect the way people in an area identify themselves ; sometimes they reflect how others , such as real estate developers , have defined those areas .	2	3	VBP	reflect	reflects
the story follows jake gray ( NNP NNP ) , a young man who 's been having bizarre NNS of murder and NN , and his experience with a live JJ online game called `` the NNP '' ( a similar NN as seen in the game ) .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
this aim of the NN is to get rid of the power of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
VBG is permitted , and normal NN conventions apply , with the king VBG over two squares in either direction .	7	8	VBP	apply	applies
bridges are built , relationships VBP , lessons are JJ .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the interior of the church of the NNP features a NN beam carved in 1913 by johannes NNP of boston ; an altar of NNP stone and NNP marble , by the firm of j .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature
korean NNS are similar to english NNS of peace and french NN de la NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it is so popular that many people call NNS POS ' .	6	7	VBP	call	calls
his best finish is a win at the 2005 cleveland open on the nationwide tour .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but administrators here are fast NN .	1	3	VBP	are	is
seeing the NN and VB some NNS generate makes me think that community NNS would be long and heated , but with little purpose .	6	7	VBP	generate	generates
article is about a particular example of the magic smoke joke .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
these pages are to establish proper communication with other contributors , not to VB them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the route then turns RB , continuing this orientation until it reaches its terminus at NNP .	1	3	VBZ	turns	turn
well at the moment you have nothing at all about foreign royal NNS , so giving the misleading impression by NN that such ceremonies are RB english , rather than , as cole says , a feature of all major european royal houses in the middle ages .	23	24	VBP	are	is
editors have no NN to respond to JJ questions like that .	0	1	VBP	have	has
current version fails to establish notability .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
to finally reveal the NN , the player has to press all three buttons on the controller , which reveals a movie scene that gives the secret away .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
delete no reliable sources ( the only source is a myspace page ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the past orientation has a hard time developing the notion of JJ time and these individuals often VBP present and past NNS as all in the same .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the most significant aspect of education as nationality practice in this period is the advent of compulsory primary education .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
in spite of my attempts , no one wishes to discuss light abuse .	7	8	VBZ	wishes	wish
his sister is also an actor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
also , the JJ assault rifle uses the receiver and components from the NNP mk ii .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
use of NNP and mask is discussed by morton NNP ; NNP used POS ' in the manuscript but the first edition uses POS ' in the title .	21	22	VBZ	uses	use
the membership number is an impressive claim to notability , which would VB a speedy deletion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
bob NNP , `` no time for tears as NNP leaves the lab '' the sydney morning herald 7 july 1987 p 3 via NNP NN accessed 20 august 2011 .	5	10	VBZ	leaves	leave
the site is a bunch of script NNS planning to launch some sort of VBG attack against NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
no library holds a complete set , and some of his books are RB rare .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
seeing the job done up close is good preparation for doing the job .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
an evening with NNP is the title of a 1972 recording at new york city 's carnegie hall of the last JJ show by american comedian NNP marx .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the current NN of the province is archbishop NNP NNP , consecrated on january 23 , 2011 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the only protection for JJ material recognized by the supreme court of the united states is personal possession in the home stanley v .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the area also provides many opportunities for recreation , including the summit lake ski hill , a short drive out of town towards new denver .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
this insight is a consistent teaching of the catholic church .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
policy allows for the guidelines to be bent , but i 'd like new NNS on these pages .	0	1	VBZ	allows	allow
the first proposal for the bare article merely about the event being held is VBN down at may 26 with only one vote , because the whole discussion is up here about the more specific NN that actually says something about the event .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the film contains numerous references both to the historical NNP war and to wars of the roses , as well as the films NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
when the player enters the ring of NNS , all NNS and NNS are shed and the player becomes one with nature .	2	3	VBZ	enters	enter
almost the entire article is either verified from sources that are unreliable ( e .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his output consists of a number of poetry collections , experimental plays and novels , memoirs , essays , and translations .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the low NN rate makes it necessary for JJ NN , RB 10 hours .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
a JJ throw requires just one rapid rotation .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
this video shows the NN of NNP 's slow , yet steady NN of her JJ , from being VBN , to becoming JJ .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the video simply shows fort minor in a parking garage , which is VBN by lights that expand to one side .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
if asked , i would say that i think a redirect is a much better idea than deletion , as is proposed .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
diameter effects seem to be JJ , provided the NN is hard and the range of NNS is limited .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
titled NNP NNP tokyo , the JJ album is a recording of that performance , including the NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
unlike what the movie the sound of music says , he was not threatened with death if he refused but was threatened with arrest .	3	8	VBZ	says	say
the monastery consists of a church of NNP NNP which VBZ a large NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the next day at the NN , the king asks the same question and she asks to spare her life and the lives of her people .	2	9	VBZ	asks	ask
this idea of NN being guided by political NN is at the heart of policy reform .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
a selection from the records of philip NNP 's NNP valley iron works JJ ( NNP .	1	12	VBZ	works	work
the title is indeed JJ , and the article itself mentions that there are other colours .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia is not a dictionary is not about the length or depth of an article , but about its topic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
allowed NNS are those for which the JJ NN NNS at the boundary .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the thread is currently now locked but is still JJ and JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because the most likely human route of NN of NNP is NN , oral NN experiments were conducted on mice .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
together , these three families VBP the order NNP in the NNP iii system of flowering plant classification .	4	5	VBP	compose	composes
the main door faces only in one cardinal direction and the windows are small and are made like JJ screens of wood .	2	3	VBZ	faces	face
the advantage would be that it would give users a criterion to decide whether or not they can rely on what an article says .	22	23	VBZ	says	say
ron NNP and the legal NNS state that the ultimate aim of NNP NNS is to destroy church opponents by forcing them into bankruptcy or submission , using its resources to pursue JJ NNS at considerable cost to NNS .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
NNP la vista '' is an english language song ( though the title is in spanish and a russian version has also been recorded ) , by NNP NNP NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
now NNP 's father only comes to visit the family `` once in a while '' .	3	5	VBZ	comes	come
the NN is almost always VBN ( and to a certain degree that is the intent of the NN ) but sometimes reaches base due to an error or NN 's choice .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some common families include NN , NN , trout and NN , and many of these fish are endemic to the region .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
as they fight for their countries , the horror of the war wears upon their soul and NN .	8	12	VBZ	wears	wear
NNP city core , adjacent to the main road to NNP , and is a largely a JJ residential area with inadequate NN and NN housing .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
i have not `` VBN in '' on this entry as i believe it to be a conflict of interest for me , but as the time approaches in which i could push the proposed list article into NN , i need to `` speak up '' now .	27	41	VBP	need	needs
other major cities in the country include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
truck drivers indicate that they are VBN by putting their cab seat behind their truck .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
NNP NNP ( NNP NNP in the original series episode `` the way to eden '' ) appears as an ambassador .	12	17	VBZ	appears	appear
the NN can imply a value judgment that the issue ought to be discussed openly , or it can simply be an NN that the issue is there and not going to go away by itself .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the mascot of eagle grove high school ( NNP ) is the eagle , and school colors are purple and gold .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
earth ( novel ) this is an article , not a portal , and it would be almost certainly be deleted in article space ( as a non-notable JJ novel ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
all we are asking is that our students are treated with civility and respect , as per the 5 NNS , and that our contributions are welcome even if they are removed after consensus has been reached through sourced evidence to the contrary .	24	25	VBP	are	is
residents are within the school district of philadelphia .	0	1	VBP	are	is
promotional NN , promotional items , promotional products , promotional gifts , or advertising gifts , sometimes nicknamed NN or NN , are articles of NN ( often branded with a logo ) used in marketing and communication programs .	4	22	VBP	are	is
dock 4 has now been entirely VBN , and almost no trace remains on the ground , although vague NNS of the dock can still be seen on aerial photographs .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
the village forms part of the municipality of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	forms	form
fashion photographer NNP reynolds 's life suddenly changes after the death of her husband .	5	7	VBZ	changes	change
the website features a range of weekly , regular , and special features , including `` NN '' , `` NNP ' '' , `` battle at the NNP '' , `` field NNP '' , and `` off the grid '' .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
their doctrine of the NN is a NN of the NN in their theology to VB the relationship existing between the person and society .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
stay '' is a song by american singer-songwriter NNP NNP from her third studio album ca n't be VBN .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
in probability theory and statistics , the NN function is the JJ function , i .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
ba NNS provide time value of money functions and are widely used in accounting and other financial applications .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
its purpose is to encourage competition and to protect consumers from misleading and JJ conduct and unfair trade practices .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the line currently operates between NNP and NNP and operates the NNP public belt railway around the port of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	operates	operate
when such sources are available , NNP can and should be removed .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NNP core is the final 13 NNS of the NNP , and RB identifies an exit point .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
all gases flow from upstream higher pressure sources to downstream lower pressure sources .	1	2	VBP	flow	flows
i find it JJ , i guess not surprising , but JJ , that 30 years after the national energy program , these JJ attitudes are so close to the surface in the liberal party .	24	25	VBP	are	is
when he is set up with NNP , the JJ shoe sales clerk , it seems like a match made in heaven , until kevin 's sexual problem stands in the way .	27	28	VBZ	stands	stand
chronic JJ disorder is either single or multiple motor or JJ NNS , but not both , which are present for more than a year .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in certain card games , table talk is communication by a player with another player with the cards in their hand , contrary to the rules of the game .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
my understanding of instrument NN is that when it is used , the VBG key of the instrument is always VBN to the written key of c .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i just think we should keep in mind that wikipedia editors are not a representative sample of the world population .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNP album has a very complex NN and has been divided in numerous NNS , subspecies and varieties , but it is difficult to VB between them .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
other NNS include african , ancient american , JJ , and NNP art , and jewish ceremonial objects .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the score is RB something along the lines of a cross between billy NNP and george NNP and in fact a melody NN from NNP 's NNP in blue is quoted within the 20th century drag .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article makes no sense , and appears to have no relation to the term as it seems to be actually used .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the act 's full name is `` an act to VB the vital statistics act in relation to adoption information and to make JJ NNS to the child and family services act '' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the gardens have over seven thousand varieties of plants , particularly those that grow well in an acid soil , including NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP releases of the show also exist in britain and australia .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists
NN are mentioned in buddhist NNS , and these descriptions form the basis for NNS of the beings in japanese art , sculpture , and theater .	9	10	VBP	form	forms
the aim of a bonus clause is to give a JJ situation whereby the contractor wins by getting more money for finishing early , and the holder of the contract wins by having a product earlier to market .	26	30	VBZ	wins	win
NNS i think the article is a little weak , but i do think it should remain , it is relevant .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this program is an approach that uses eight tools that can be used to protect or restore water resources in an JJ or developing watershed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lead is of an appropriate length .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the second exception is the official NN uniform for pregnant female officers assigned to administrative duties .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this NNP 's eighteen up population is CD .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this is how the media world operates people .	5	6	VBZ	operates	operate
NNP fantasy seems to be a broader genre , VBG all works having to do with fairy tales , both traditional and NN .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
it almost made their hearts grow wild .	4	5	VBP	grow	grows
support group covers a range of things , by no means all the same as this at all .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
second edit summary on the page claims `` everything on this page was written and designed by the author .	2	6	VBZ	claims	claim
in addition they argue that those VBG to use NNP as a source must prove the site 's 8 editors have `` JJ NNS '' ( whatever that means ) .	19	20	VBP	have	has
NNP clients and servers run at user level .	1	4	VBP	run	runs
whose beam stands sure , whose JJ cause NNS '' ( 2 .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
an assessment of permanent or temporary changes in a nuclear power plant is performed to evaluate if such changes are within risk criteria .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NN VBZ the ruler until the opposing force matches the compression force , and the ruler remains permanently in that equilibrium state .	15	16	VBZ	remains	remain
the station plays a spanish NNP format , mixed with some english top 40 songs , which is a growing trend once again in the united states after several years of decline .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the likely purpose of this article is to serve to farm links to the two sites contained ; i will remove them .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
some ancient sources assert that in the territory of NNP the temple of NNP was sacred to NNP .	2	3	VBP	assert	asserts
NN is generally sold in combination with other NNS , rather than as a JJ drug , although some NNS are available containing NN by itself .	19	20	VBP	are	is
the founders , a group of different security professionals , wished to communicate how security is a separate professional field of activity .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
since NN wine has a high alcohol content it gets VBN at a higher rate than other NNS , making JJ wines suffer a price premium compared to other NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
JJ NN extraction ( NNP ) is the process of removing a small portion of tissue from the NN under local NN and VBG the few viable NN cells present in that tissue for the purpose of JJ NN injection ( NNP ) .	28	29	VBP	present	presents
according to time , in spite of its `` who 's who cast '' the film is `` simply not NN '' ; a `` good deal of the screenplay seems as dated today as the JJ rich .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
RB , the song is a NNP ballad with a JJ beat .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
they can also VB if the seat is sufficiently high .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
for me , it lets me know what the death toll is at without having to look over at the main article .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are JJ , usually red colored but sometimes they may be pink , yellow or rarely white .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the town has the honour of hosting a state sport school , NNP NNP NNP NNP NNP which is administered by the ministry of education malaysia .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
nevertheless , the NNP communities have themselves continued the push to build additional roads from the james bay road NN to the NNP coastal villages of NNP , NNP and NNP .	4	5	VBP	have	has
the gulf area is a JJ region where many rivers from the southern slopes of the highlands VBP into .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the company 's previous headquarters , still stands about a block away from the new building on CD ave .	4	7	VBZ	stands	stand
the videos are now all available to watch on their youtube channel .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the template for marking an article as part of the NNP task force is part of the wikiproject medicine banner , .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
clubs include art , drama , concert choir , NNP ensemble , two levels of orchestra , and a variety of religious groups .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
smart 's career spans over five decades .	2	3	VBZ	spans	span
the lake is 7 miles long with several protected NNS and has an area of 9 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
soon after i received NN that i `` provided a source , but it is difficult for other users to examine the copyright status of the image because the source is incomplete .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
that label is not necessarily VBG .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the idea is to add value to the customer through the ability to relate to them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
move to something like list of rulers of gaza NNP or list of rulers of gaza province and VB in NN that it refers to the administrative unit in NNP and ottoman times rather than the modern entity .	0	23	VBZ	refers	refer
in this setting , the theorem holds for highly singular spaces .	5	6	VBZ	holds	hold
i feel speedy deletion is not justified because the article does assert that the person is `` infamous '' in a certain `` community '' , however misleading this may be .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
from memorial day weekend through the sunday of labor day weekend , the park offers daily NN activities for its camping and cottage visitors as well as the general public .	13	14	VBZ	offers	offer
a user in brazil wants to leave information for an admin on the danish wikipedia .	1	4	VBZ	wants	want
as in the NNP , NNP RB VBZ the liberty of the native NNPS to the corruption and NN of the empire ; the book also contains NN and JJ NNS against the NN and NN of rome .	24	26	VBZ	contains	contain
the cave system with the greatest total length of VBN passage is NNP cave ( kentucky , usa ) at in length .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
the gang goes through each area of the mansion and the lab .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
delete the articles on the president already include this material if it is worthy of being there .	2	7	VBP	include	includes
this article is a stub that begins at the beginning , and possesses potential for expansion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the term is most widely applied to describe a road junction in which the direct flow of traffic on one or more of the roads is not VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the album includes all their hits except `` got 2 have VBN '' , which only appears on a special edition of the album and the christmas song `` give love on christmas day '' , which can be found exclusively on a christmas NN .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the repeat expansion for NNP is much larger than for NNP , ranging from 75 to over 11 , 000 NNS .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the awards ceremony takes place in NNP every august 13 and is in honor of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
be aware , the NNS are not policy themselves ; they are a useful summary of the core policy approaches of wp .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the game ends once a NN has VBN the NN or when the player reaches a maximum number of human casualties .	13	14	VBZ	reaches	reach
water bodies related to the ridge include lake NNP , NNP pond , the two NNP NNP , NNP reservoir ( also called monks pond ) , and NNP pond , as well a number of small brooks , NNS , and NNS .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
it feels very heavy , and the person is very tired .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the burden is on you to show why an article with significant coverage in at least 4 , 000 reliable secondary sources is not notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the route serves bishop ford high school , NNP red hook , red hook ii housing , NNP park , long island college hospital , brooklyn bridge park , the brooklyn criminal court , the new york transit museum , the brooklyn civil court , borough hall , st .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the men start talking about the beauty of the female body and their roles as males .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
the cherry tree rises well above the NN tree on which it stands .	2	3	VBZ	rises	rise
his best placement on the world tour with teammate NNP NNP , is a 4th place in 2007 , and a 5th place in 2006 , 2007 and 2008 .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
a pilot major is a chief NN of a ship or fleet .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
other uses for fly cars include work as a `` supervisor '' vehicle where an officer or supervisor NNS to various calls but does not ride on the ambulance to the hospital .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
even though this arrangement is unusual it continued until his death .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
debate continues , without consensus , about its NN .	0	1	VBZ	continues	continue
more recent studies identify it as a portrayal of thomas NNP .	2	3	VBP	identify	identifies
in particular , the section in question is the NNP marketing section of internet marketing which can be found at this link to id CD .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the second paragraph of the article uses the word NNP four times .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use
the hospital also offers JJ care , emergency treatment , NNS , NNS , wound care , a women 's health center and more .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
NNS agents work with reduced cash and poor equipment but have access to a JJ legacy few can claim .	1	2	VBP	work	works
while todd is mixing NNS in the kitchen , dana VBZ the NN as bizarre NNS appear on her arm .	15	16	VBP	appear	appears
NN , which described this festival as `` essential '' , said that its objective is to , `` JJR et NN NN NN IN ce NN se NN NNS la JJ NN des NNS '' ( show and demonstrate everything done in the literature around these legends ) .	29	30	VBP	la	la
this page explains how to create NNS in articles .	1	2	VBZ	explains	explain
a slight variation is the NN display which allows additional NN in displaying letters or other symbols .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
coat is one of the earliest clothing category words in english , VBD as far back as the early middle ages .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
generations content is JJ , often featuring JJ language and humor in NNS and columns .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
though this line RB connects NNP to NNP in south korea , in reality it ends at NNP station due to the korean NNP zone .	2	4	VBZ	connects	connect
when the wrestler is in close range of the opponent , they are free to use the momentum of the VBG combination to VB backwards and strike with either a NN , a NN , a NN or any other convenient attack .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the prose is good anyway , and i think this article is ready to roll .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the school district is independent of city and county governments , but VBZ with them .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
drawing upon the work of the JJ american NN NNP NNP , NNP argues that , RB , the only way for america to distinguish itself from the JJ imperial powers of the past is to acknowledge its own capacity for evil .	20	34	VBZ	is	are
support good editor with nice percentage of mainspace edits out of total .	2	8	VBZ	edits	edit
these two accounts are JJ at the point of VBG two different fathers to NNP 's first wife ( in both cases , edmund 's mother ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the album 's fifth track is a cover of elvis NNP 's POS las vegas ' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
support NNS look good , any issues that i could come up with have been resolved .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
NNP slopes and JJ areas feature red NN , NN maple , and western NN , with a NN and JJ NN .	1	5	VBP	feature	features
a non-free video is really not a good thing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in general NNS , his most important work is truth and NNP ( harvard university press , 1992 ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
to VB a whole NN , the classic tool is JJ and NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
while NN reveals NNP 's plans , the three NNS decide to VB NNP 's spy to prove that the cardinal is guilty of treason .	2	10	VBP	decide	decides
RB , what should matter , content , does not , and people like NNP seem intent on its NN , as is VBN by his pov , unsourced edits , RB imposed .	12	15	VBP	seem	seems
many images are fair use and should be used RB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
both start with a certain amount of dialogue points , where the initial number depends upon the difficulty , and the diplomatic level of the opponents .	13	14	VBZ	depends	depend
according to the journal citation reports , the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 2 , CD , ranking it 15th out of 58 journals in the category `` NNP '' .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
the player controls the western bloc while the computer ( or second player ) controls eastern bloc troops .	12	14	VBZ	controls	control
a major winter storm affects much of north america , VBG transportation , VBG events , and killing at least ten people .	3	4	VBZ	affects	affect
as a predominantly NNP community , the residents of la NNP typically speak both english and low german .	7	12	VBP	speak	speaks
a secret place '' does have a NN JJ NN , and a killer guitar line by NNP , but the NN is JJ , NN and JJ .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the list of ga members by regional group is just that , a list of assembly members organized by regional group .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
therefore the number of new websites entered onto the internet has been reduced , but the problem VBZ .	16	17	VBZ	persists	persist
this article claims jesus christ is a frequent poster .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
the state highway meets the southern end of sr CD ( NNP road ) and crosses NNP creek at NNP bridge .	2	3	VBZ	meets	meet
apparently , the NN is not that big , but still has some impact .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
another system is to use JJ defense , usually leaving the NN or a NN with weak skills VBN , and forcing them to bring the ball up on their own .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another symbol that appears on NNS and other NNS is the NN ; this represented the letter t and has been associated with the god NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the emperor tries to VB him back , but the earl insists on bringing him prisoner before the queen .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
since NNP believes he is right and everybody else is wrong , those who try to contain his nonsense ( mostly professional NNS ) naturally appear like a conspiracy of NNS to him .	22	25	VBP	appear	appears
students receive an ibm NNP loaded with professional and educational software .	0	1	VBP	receive	receives
the team plays its home games at falcon baseball field in colorado springs , colorado .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
whereas a blind arch is usually a single arch or a series of joined arches as a NN ( sometimes called NNP bands ) , a blind arcade is composed of a series of arches that have JJ columns .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at least in my experience , the NNS go into little NNS at the side of pools behind such NNS and water NNS out of them .	7	8	VBP	go	goes
JJ acid is a naturally occurring organic compound with JJ properties .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since the NN carries a positive charge extra work is needed to remove it ; that is the cause of the trend noted above .	2	3	VBZ	carries	carry
NNP festival stands out in the NNP valley and lake NNP in present-day NNP , though its history in colonial times is an example of how european powers divided traditional kingdoms and tribes without regard to the consequences .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
another argument is that passenger rail is a `` JJ technology , '' which kind of VBZ the fact that the NN engine is as well .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
no other name appears in the constitution , and this is the name that appears on money , in treaties , and in legal cases .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
the reason is , they had only one soldier , and he died .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all of these volunteers are fully understood that achievements made by NNP ( n ) members are not to be celebrated in navy .	15	16	VBP	are	is
the earliest english translation had appeared as early as 1856 , but the translation generally used in the JJ world is that by w .	13	20	VBZ	is	are
it is most often used the same way with which most readers are familiar , to RB represent what would be spoken emphasis ( e .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the park occurs in the northern NNP POS NNP ' NN , which is so named for the JJ flora species of the region ; NNP ' , NN referred to as NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
even though its purpose is to be a national evaluation exam , students can use their scores to be admitted to a university , though not every university accepts it as the only required admission exam .	27	28	VBZ	accepts	accept
sometimes my sense of humor is VBN and VBN poorly in text , and for that i apologize .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of the template seems to be to VB the film as `` belonging '' to a certain actor or director -- and already we have NN , with fans of various actors adding their actors ' templates .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem
but this article reads like an ad and is unacceptable for an encyclopedia .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
the JJ room has eight fixed panels in its lower section , and the upper has ten rotating panels .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the RB boxer comes to his feet with renewed energy , and VBZ out NNP in a matter of seconds , winning the fight .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
i think the remaining ones are the best NNS .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the plant is an JJ species in florida .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another important activity consists in the manufacturing of JJ furniture made of solid wood , NN and NN .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
one faction sees individuals ( as seen in NNP ' a tale of two cities and thomas NNP 's the french revolution , a history ) as the JJ power of history , and the broader society as the page on which they write their acts .	1	2	VBZ	sees	see
perhaps his vision just needs NN , and a JJ lens VBZ it to the point where his brain can VB NNS more accurately than it can with JJ objects .	2	4	VBZ	needs	need
the type locality for this species is NNP , NNP , japan .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
its main NNS are the NNP and NNP , which describe the creation of NN and earth itself .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i recognize that the law , like engineering or medicine or architecture , is a relatively complex body of knowledge .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
when a plan to convert spiritual energy from tokyo 's JJ NNP NNS to generate enough NNP power to VB NNP fails , NNP sends the JJ cannon , a weapon with enough JJ power to VB entire NNS .	2	24	VBZ	sends	send
NNP , since the resort mechanism is not yet smart enough to be able to sort around NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
examples of specifically JJ propaganda after 1917 frequently include JJ or NN NNS .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
but i would like some verification of whether my concerns here are justified .	9	11	VBP	are	is
the property includes a JJ garden that rises behind the villa , VBG in a NN with spectacular views of the sea and the city .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the path goes under the NNP motorway to NNP marsh lock .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
this new standard set was highly JJ and required that accredited bodies keep detailed information student performances and NNS of those performances that were to be used to improve academic programs and services over time .	11	12	VBP	keep	keeps
the name is not very old .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their model numbers refer to the year of introduction in the military supply chain .	2	3	VBP	refer	refers
for example , an action game is still an action game , regardless of whether it takes place in a fantasy world or outer space .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the course is a flat , JJ oval of 1 mile 5 NNS with a sharp bend preceding the 5 JJ run in .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
shortly after this , the gods enter their second exile , following the NNPS into another dimension after the events of the infinite crisis .	5	6	VBP	enter	enters
those standards help VB the quality and NN of wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	help	helps
the structure is circular , stone and has a VBN roof .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the issue here is that NNP and NNP attempted to play a JJ role and make people RB by wiki standards as they VBD their NNS all over the page representing the entry on me in real life .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
he released the live ep CD in 2002 , and the studio album not to us ( 2002 ) .	11	12	VBZ	album	album
the principal options are to retain the pound sterling , to form an independent scottish currency , or to join the euro .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a NN might ask if the space is compact or connected or path connected or the same as , say , a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the government is now VBG vocational NNP schools in which NN training is an important part of the programme .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the program occurs in three phases .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
my personal opinion is this genre of parody is best viewed in a large group .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
understanding the danger samuel represents , joseph sends JJ to NNP sands NNP center back in 1961 , but he arrives earlier when the center is being built and is taken down by adam monroe , which causes arnold to suffer NN .	2	4	VBZ	represents	represent
the entire neighborhood falls under the CD NN code .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
a family of NN farmers lives there and takes care of the place .	1	5	VBZ	lives	live
the JJ cylinder is JJ bore by JJ stroke , and the JJ cylinder is JJ bore by JJ stroke .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the river is approximately CD feet ( CD m ) wide at the crossing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
helping to build stuff is why we 're here , so options 1 and 2 are the only ways forward .	11	15	VBP	are	is
this prohibition also extends to VBG a page or reducing the level of protection , even if that action is JJ .	1	3	VBZ	extends	extend
the year of son NNP 's birth is unknown , but his death is listed as 1846 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
in such cases , direct application of a JJ reading of a policy typically comes to a result that is JJ with what a wide global consensus would be .	5	14	VBZ	comes	come
her sponsor one day passes away .	1	4	VBZ	passes	pass
the route passes through NNP cape as it continues into NNP parish towards johnson 's mills along the bay of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
keep once again , a NN from a prestigious islamic seminary is both notable and NN .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
the brewery building has some architectural importance that can be verified by a reliable source .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
in computing , a parent process is a process that has created one or more child processes .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are white with a broad VBN band which varies from pale grey to almost black .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as i mentioned before , these debates are far more damaging to the community ( due their JJ nature ) than the existence of the pages themselves .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the NNP people ( also called NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP ) are an indigenous people of brazil .	2	15	VBP	are	is
not considering the fact that this NNP format is not rfc NN , NNP refers to the NNP of the NN and not the NN itself .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
typically used in the primary grades , interactive writing is a powerful JJ medium for teaching NNS , spelling principles , NNS , writing conventions , and other key early writing skills .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
after VBG `` the NN of its NNS , '' joe NNP of the wall street journal wrote , `` the narrative is n't really dramatic , .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
when these JJ NNS strike a NN nucleus , a much larger number of secondary NNS are released by the NN ( e .	3	4	VBP	strike	strikes
NNS also investigate independent inspection stations licensed by the NNP .	0	2	VBP	investigate	investigates
available characters are mario , NNP , princess NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP kong , and NNP from the mario series and NNP , ms .	1	2	VBP	are	is
unfortunately , lots of people believe in JJ NN , so if enough people believe in this particular bit of NN NN , we should keep it on the condition we explain why it is JJ NN .	2	5	VBP	believe	believes
the reproduction british 8 '' NNS are a unique pattern found nowhere else .	5	6	VBP	are	is
president '' , VBG that the time for questioning is over , a tradition that continues today .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
the two NNS have in late NNP distinct JJ NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has
redirect back to music of oklahoma ( redirects are cheap ) .	7	8	VBP	are	is
most JJ NNS occur through a series of simple steps known as primary JJ processes .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
these classes are open to community members of all ages and are great to take as a family or with NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
modern instruments have NNS drawn using computer graphics , and both NN and trace are rendered on an external NNP monitor or an internal JJ NNP display .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the NNP railway station is on NNP main line .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at the center of the NNP a section of the blade remains relatively flat .	7	11	VBZ	remains	remain
the next post shows he means it .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
thus it can take a week before this template changes when the number of items have changed .	8	9	VBZ	changes	change
storms that travel up the coast are rare NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is
various summer camps operate or have operated on the lake .	2	3	VBP	operate	operates
many young people celebrate in the streets and squares ( and in amsterdam , the NNS as well ) throughout the night , and after JJ NN join the crowds at the NN .	2	3	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
the majority of the population in NNP is hindu .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the album contains the band 's first two NNS , originally released through dark age productions , along with several other tracks .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
incorrect fair use claim since the image VBZ the jon snow article by showing what the subject looks like .	3	7	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
i want to make sure that readers understand that the information is direct .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP cells RB express several NN ( NNP ) VBZ , which have been VBN in the regulation of NNP cell function .	1	3	VBP	express	expresses
its name is in fact the JJ form of the greek NNP , the bee , but its resemblance to the NN 's name is not JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
jim and his friends VBP through school and a series of JJ jobs , have vague dreams ( never seriously attempted ) of working in the entertainment business or the space program , and share thoughts such as `` i do n't think life is JJ or NN .	43	44	VBZ	is	are
the show has a total of CD regular and 2 special episodes .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
students must be legal residents of the state of kansas for a minimum of ten JJ years prior to entering law school , although the ten years need not be consecutive nor the most recent .	26	27	VBP	need	needs
c ( JJ ) and the average january temperature is 8 .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
it is possible for a system of two equations and two NNS to have no solution ( if the two lines are parallel ) , or for a system of three equations and two NNS to be JJ ( if the three lines VBP at a single point ) .	42	43	VBP	intersect	intersects
in the end NNP answers and the case appears to be a difficult drug shooting .	7	8	VBZ	appears	appear
he said , '' an islamic state is a muslim state , but a muslim state may not be an islamic state unless and until the constitution of the state is based on the holy NNP and NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
these last suggestions reveal fox 's NNP NNS , which continued to influence NNS for centuries after his death .	2	3	VBP	reveal	reveals
npov , i have to assume that the conflict of interest still exists .	8	12	VBZ	exists	exist
the setting of the film is the JJ technique NNP ( NNP ) in NNP , NNP , in 1994 , during the NNP genocide .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
content is too excessive for merging .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the common length of this species is about 20 NNS or 7 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
he spends his time at his favorite place on the hills , while he thinks about his lost love , and wondering how the situation is on the town .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
article in its current state is a npov violation .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
but when some NN students decide that playing secret NNP is RB more fun than playing secret santa , the entire school starts acting NN .	4	5	VBP	decide	decides
the museum has an extensive collection JJ ranging from the middle ages to the nineteenth century from NNS , donations , deposits and NNS of the state .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
also the article reads like a NNP .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
its facility has more than 30 classrooms , including a library , gymnasium , indoor and outdoor performance stages , music and arts rooms , technology lab , outdoor playing fields , and VBD walking paths .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
bart remarks that one cloud resembles NNP springfield , but without a head .	4	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble
all this to say that the presence of democracy is far more important than whether or not a country is a republic or a monarchy , as many NNS exist that fully respect democratic principles .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the NNP motor museum ( site ) contains cars and many hundreds of other period pieces , including NNS , racing cars , NNS , record players , tools , and many , many , other objects from the first 70 or so years of the 20th century .	5	7	VBZ	contains	contain
the main advantage of NN tables over other table data structures is speed .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
and yet wiki beats the art book in my mind since the book VBZ a lot of less famous but still major artists like keith NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP .	12	13	VBZ	excludes	exclude
second , it is clearly implied there ( and it is a fact ) that the term applies to those thought by vatican NNS ( journalists and academics who make their living following vatican politics ) to fit the definition .	16	17	VBZ	applies	apply
the genus name comes from the greek NN meaning `` mountain '' and NNP , the type genus for , and most often used as , a stem for generic names in the order NNP .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
her friend VBZ her that she has never even tried to speak with him and VBZ her not to jump to conclusions .	1	2	VBZ	reminds	remind
this includes a restaurant where the meal is supplied on the understanding that the bill will be paid before the NN leaves ( NNP , NNP report , NN .	20	21	VBZ	leaves	leave
subject is the governor of the central bank of cyprus .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
among his `` american '' works are JJ triple ( 1962 ) , NNP NN NN ( 1963 ) , les NNP de la NNP ( 1964 ) and NNP VBP JJ NN ( 1977 ) .	5	6	VBP	are	is
an important aspect of the text is that it shows that the heart , liver , NN , NNS , NNS , and VB were all known to the NNPS , along with the fact that the blood vessels were connected to the heart .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
students remain in the same NN with the same students and teachers for their entire high school career .	0	1	VBP	remain	remains
another hungarian name for the instrument is RB , which is thought to be an JJ reference to the JJ NN produced by a wheel that is not even .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ ( JJ ) NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
stock end dates range from a few months to several decades .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
after NN by a train of NN laser NNS in the presence of a NN containing gas , the surface of silicon develops a JJ NN structure of JJ NNS .	19	22	VBZ	develops	develop
this NN system is appropriate when researchers have an a NN hypothesis concerning the specific differences among the group means .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN is a term that covers various genres of JJ music which are primarily VBN by the dominance of a single strong melody line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as long as the pressure remains low , the force of the spring will keep the switch in place and the holes will remain open .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
lots of NNP hits , many of which involve substantial coverage .	0	8	VBP	involve	involves
commonly , the cooling water flows through the tube side and the steam enters the shell side where the NN occurs on the outside of the heat transfer tubes .	4	5	VBZ	flows	flow
if the average call duration is very low , it is taken to mean that the call quality is so poor that people can not have a conversation and hang up .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the 2007 cricket world cup group stage is brilliant !	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in the episode , a network NN again targets the use of the word `` NN '' and storms onto the set of a show resembling the NNS being VBN , featuring NNS of NNP and NNP with those series ' theme music playing in the background .	6	8	VBZ	targets	target
since NN is a fast operation and the recovery blocks are an NN of only a subset of the blocks in the input ( or at a lower recovery level ) , the recovery blocks can be generated quickly .	9	10	VBP	are	is
i could n't find any articles here that are really what we are looking for , but the body of articles tends towards that they cite him a lot .	18	21	VBZ	tends	tend
an inclined diving loop is similar to a dive loop , although it is VBN at an angle instead of RB .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
these NNS come from VBG suburban areas such as NNP , winter springs , NNP , NNP springs and NNP .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
i have been able to install NNP NNP by putting in the disc just as the computer boots up , but after this the same thing happens if i put in a disc .	25	26	VBZ	happens	happen
the provinces have jurisdiction over the administration of justice in their territory .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP programme includes subjects of the university of london international programmes , as well as subjects and activities , necessary to obtain an JJ degree .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the default walking speed is slow , but it is able to sprint over a short distance , gaining enough momentum to cover ground quickly .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's abilities consist of attacking his enemies by VBG up his NNS and throwing them at his enemies , floating through the air and VBG slowly by using his hair as a helicopter NN , and the ability to live and survive without his body parts attached .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
the composition of the NNS formed in this way for each of the NNS gives a NN of the NN onto the solution space of the instance , and therefore gives a representation of g as the NN of a NN .	1	14	VBZ	gives	give
the journal covers theater arts , with a focus on performance studies , NN , and theater NN .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
administrators are wikipedians who have access to technical features that help with maintenance .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in the united states the fcc requires that if a NNP NN determines NNS are in the same location , they must advise both parties that the NN must VB the call .	13	14	VBP	are	is
$ 7th NNP article about smoke issues is a step in the right direction ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP tribe creates a NN by VBG all the doctors of china to a medical exposition in which an alien is to be VBN .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NN flows have JJ NN and are characterized by a strong JJ NN generation mechanism known as NN NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
NNP in hopes that we can get an ip ( range ) block , and i have requested oversight on the JJ content , but this user needs to be blocked NNP .	26	27	VBZ	needs	need
the label 's name refers to sara , a NN with JJ NN adopted by NNP in 1994 .	3	4	VBZ	refers	refer
NNS served are usually NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP ( NNS ) .	0	2	VBP	are	is
in such cases , medical specialty professional organizations recommend against the use of pet NNS , NNP VBZ , or bone NNS because research shows that the risk of getting such procedures VBP the possible benefits .	7	8	VBP	recommend	recommends
techniques used during this investigation include NN survey , JJ survey , JJ survey , and magnetic survey .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
previous interviews include the NNP gothic NNP and the NNP spider .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
as of 2003 , the village has an estimated population of 7 , CD and a density of 78 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
when he VBZ NNP , NNP and NNP prepare to leave RB as they have had a call to tell them that their car is under siege by the daughters of darkness .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
that example is not even RB VBG or offensive , but rather just JJ and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
through involvement in NNP our students enhance their health education and communication skills , improve their clinical and JJ capabilities and gain valuable JJ primary care experience .	5	6	VBP	enhance	enhances
NN market is a market in NNP , uganda , located at the foot of NNP hill .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i 've been looking all over and i 've only found french language versions ( although the introduction is in english ) .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in central NNP and southern NNP , the dialects give way to the NNP language .	8	9	VBP	give	gives
matt 's uncle is steve NNP , drummer for the black NNP rock band .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his works include NNS in the NNP NNP , and a NN `` NNP NNP '' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
contrary to the above , the reason for wikipedia 's JJ quality is cooperation , not competition .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
this philosophy has resulted in public criticism of wikipedia suggesting that the encyclopedia is hostile to experts , and accusing the encyclopedia of NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
a well-known but minor use is as a NN gas in NNS and NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
thus the NNP is the entity in which unified subjective experience is present and provides the NN ability to affect or alter some JJ functions .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
currently the cinema 's capacity is 1000 seats .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the two paragraphs about NNP are not too important to the main narrative and may be VBN .	2	5	VBP	are	is
this page provides access to information about current senior australian defence organisation personnel .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
natural attractions such as NNP da NNP , do NNP e do NNP ( `` land of water , the green , and the sun '' ) also invite tourists to the beauty of NNP 's large reservoir .	1	8	VBP	do	does
until the early 1930s this was common practice in valve ( tube ) radio sets but was largely VBN by grid NN NNS or voltage NN NN .	13	14	VBZ	sets	set
when NNS occur close to and within the drainage basin , the JJ force of both the river and NNS force VBD petroleum to move up into areas of vegetation .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
scenes can be grouped together to form a narrative sequence , which in turn are grouped to form a video ; from the point of view of node NN , these concepts are not as critical .	31	32	VBP	are	is
the designation of an NNP is largely one of scope .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the reading can be about PRP or about another member of the group and it is from this stage of the process that the participant begins to produce his or her own JJ autonomy , developing a greater vision and understanding of attitudes and political behaviour in everyday situations .	24	25	VBZ	begins	begin
a remix of the song by jimmy jam and terry lewis brings a new jack swing approach from the original .	1	11	VBZ	brings	bring
the entire estate is now part of the sheriff hill conservation area .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some independent NNP projects are completely open source , while others feature proprietary content made with an JJ game engine .	3	4	VBP	are	is
personal attacks are bad , regardless of their source .	1	2	VBP	are	is
keep a quick google search shows up quite a number of reliable hits for this author .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
delete failed candidates are not normally notable .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP where the vote is presently a unanimous keep deleted .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this research shows that the brain stem does in fact play a role in eating .	6	7	VBZ	does	do
the village is about three miles north of east NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the virtual world NN second life features many locations where users VBZ may `` camp '' in order to earn `` NNP dollars '' , the currency of the virtual world .	3	6	VBZ	features	feature
the man on the tram can not even defend the fact that he is on the tram , holding onto the NN , and watching people move about in the streets .	25	26	VBP	move	moves
married women wear NNP ( a long piece of JJ fabric ) on their NN .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears
in army and air force medical units , captain is the JJ rank for those VBG a medical degree , or a doctorate in a healthcare profession ( including NNS , NNS , NNS , and NNS , among others ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
oppose NNP space shows inadequate experience with policy .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
VBG usually does not take place until shortly before NN , to ensure that the logs stay as uniform as possible .	15	16	VBP	stay	stays
the egg leads them to dragon mountain to reveal what lies inside .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead
the station runs through fm radio , at 87 .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
a distinctive part of his appearance is his dark NN , white JJ NN shirt over a black NN , JJ NNS , and occasionally , NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
my first language is not english , and i am more familiar with music than with NNP , also i was careful not to VB the sources too closely , which explains the ( RB too ) general character of the writing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the local authority is NNP and NNP london borough council .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN VBN machine gun uses the NN to first NN and then operate the action .	4	5	VBZ	uses	use
the university operates an art gallery , open since 18 june 2012 .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
also , if we look at where the money goes we should be able to change our internal processes a bit to be a bit more efficient and make better use of what we have .	8	9	VBZ	goes	go
a JJ approach has been sought out by the members of sri NNP society , singapore , the program aims to VB in children and parents the appreciation for the five aspects of education outlined by the mother - the physical , vital , mental , JJ and spiritual .	18	19	VBZ	aims	aim
the lead section of the article NNP explains it quite well .	2	7	VBZ	explains	explain
these NNS are usually JJ , frequently circular ( some rings are NNP , others are actually NNS ) , and may have additional NN systems .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP mode is similar to the classic mode , but do not include bomb , locked , or doom NNS , therefore it goes on and on forever and you can never lose .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this town has a very old NNP JJ temple .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in the documentary , james NNP , then president of the world bank , is interviewed and says that such protesters are attacking people `` who are VBG their lives to addressing the very questions that these people claim to be addressing .	37	38	VBP	claim	claims
the average household size is about 4 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
possibly notable by virtue of being the mother of barbara bush and a NN of having an affair with dwight NNP , but these things alone are n't a basis for an article .	24	26	VBP	are	is
this concept makes it similar to the role that the NN would play because it is considered to be a factory that operates on that same scale model .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
but my personal favourite is dear old timothy NNP ; women who seek to be the equal of men lack NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the design department also creates unique pieces such as the JJ NNS desk at NNP .	2	4	VBZ	creates	create
this enzyme VBZ in NN and NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
NN measurements made during the NNP mission provide an estimated distance to this star of around .	1	7	VBP	provide	provides
however , NNP 's power continues to grow , using violent means , including public NNS with NNS , to strike fear into the earth .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
from the time of his NN , he had occasion to deal RB with the indigenous people , to learn thoroughly their customs and nature , and to investigate RB the many special things the land produces , be they plants , animals or minerals .	35	36	VBZ	produces	produce
another way to limit medical costs is by VBG , essentially refusing to pay for expensive procedures with little hope of success .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
how many professional football ( soccer ) teams are there worldwide , and how many leagues .	7	8	VBP	are	is
notably , the product of JJ NNS again is JJ .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the trick is to aim it directly back of course .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
with one or two exceptions , most of the examples here are commonly called by what their article titles are .	18	19	VBP	are	is
NNP district is further divided into 7 NNS , and 22 development blocks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
two important towns in the province of NNP are NNP del NNP and NNP .	2	8	VBP	are	is
this category includes JJ NNS exclusive to or appearing on the nintendo NNP console .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
my edits , however , are not vandalism .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this page contains information about the town of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the library is a public library under pennsylvania law and is registered with the united states internal revenue service as a CD ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit corporation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his major successes in grand tours include 5 stages at the tour de france , 4 stages at the NNP a NNP and 2 stages at the NNP NN .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
from what i understand , templates and their use are now also one of the things that the visual editor is struggling with .	5	9	VBP	are	is
witnesses say that in the late 1970s she studied history at NNP university ( ussr ) , but never graduated .	0	1	VBP	say	says
this dispute has to do with whether or not it is correct to describe phil NNP as a NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the island is now a far JJ place , known for its NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP authors place html and NNP within a pair of NN tags and specify the desired format ( NNP or pdf ) .	1	2	VBP	place	places
these are particularly useful in experimental nuclear physics , because the reaction mechanisms are often simple enough to VB with sufficient accuracy to VB the structure of the target nucleus .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the compound has little value outside of the research laboratory .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
my understanding is that the fact that it was created by a banned user VBZ the afd process , but i 'm posting here for review as usual .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first ballot takes place in the JJ presidential election .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
oppose - i supported last time and wish i could again , but based on some of the extreme NN stuff ( the NNP debate comes to mind ) , i fear i can not .	24	25	VBZ	comes	come
the project is to be completed as a JJ in contrast to the traditional NN used typically in infrastructure improvement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
from this the claimed conclusion follows .	4	5	VBZ	follows	follow
his work usually has a clean appearance , combining the gothic attention toward long flowing lines with brilliant colors and a JJ influence of NN and attention to detail .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
its aim is to support artists working in the medium of glass and to promote the development of glass art , both nationally and internationally , while VBG links within the glass community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the company produces a line of products related to baby feeding , including breast NNS , nursing NNS and storage products for breast milk .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
keep , because although not quite as JJ in the tables that the other articles of this nature are , it still concerns a notable topic and can be improved in a manner that is both convenient and helpful for many readers .	14	18	VBP	are	is
this category is for current or former automotive designers of the german automotive industry concern NNP group .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each note played is a message from her heart ; every melody is a part of her soul .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the entry belongs to the community however as the primary author , it is more mine than NNS or at least the work that went into it is .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
the chapel is decorated in JJ baroque style with a renaissance screen by juan NNP NNP and a NN by NNP de NNP while other NNS are the work of francisco de castro NNP .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the main item is the lack of news from dan NNP 's expedition to venus .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the west face has a kind of NN work covering the whole surface .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
although females tend to begin drug use at an older age than males , they are more likely to become VBN .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
the nervous system consists of a NN nerve , with RB VBN brain , joining below a large JJ mass , no doubt representing many JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
both JJ , JJ , and other JJ services are still available , although at significantly higher prices than originally VBN .	8	9	VBP	are	is
NNS differ as to NNP 's tolerance for NNS .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
some universities , seeking to VB between JJ and honorary NNS , have a degree ( often NNP , or doctor of the university ) which is used for these purposes , with the other higher NNS reserved for formally examined academic scholarship .	1	12	VBP	have	has
the article on the NN is just a JJ machine translation of the article on the croatian wikipedia , with tons of unsourced NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the lyrics make reference to murder , NN , NN , JJ rap themes and supernatural fantasy .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
the game uses NNP , the NNS system developed by criterion for hot pursuit , and since used in other titles in the need for speed series .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
even greek fire often VBD , as our article points out , because it was hard to control .	8	9	VBZ	points	point
this list is potentially verifiable , but i think it would be extremely difficult to do .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the individuals making up this community of practice are from various settings , however , the NNP claims neither formal nor implied NN by any organization .	1	8	VBP	are	is
some settlers require specific tools for these roles .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
welsh tradition attributes to him a daughter named NNP .	1	2	VBZ	attributes	attribute
JJ nation '' is a song by the rock group NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
in practice , very few cadet units do .	6	7	VBP	do	does
typical critical illness insurance products refer to policies where the NN pays the NN a JJ NN sum cash payment if the NN is diagnosed with a critical illness listed in the policy .	4	5	VBP	refer	refers
a defining feature of this vehicle is that its road wheels could be VBN for JJ railway wheels .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
impact surveys make use of all available sources of information , including NN records ( where they exist ) , data about mine victims , and interviews with former NNS and local people .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
in the draft script , kane 's first name is philip , and his wife is susan .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
finally , a class is a group of students taking a course under a particular teacher .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN system in the king of NNP series is unique .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
this change is to provide more NN since NNP can be instantly VBN back to me personally .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a JJ trick of others is to request the reader to get off their VBG place , RB as the reader would have to be standing on the ground above the NN to read the inscription .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
polar motion is the movement of earth 's rotation axis across its surface .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the technology also VBZ database security by VBG unusual database read and update activity from the application layer .	1	3	VBZ	improves	improve
this person 's works are already fairly well represented online but there 's no biographical article to connect the NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
if not enough people know about those three , the articles may be removed .	3	4	VBP	know	knows
the protagonist of the game is NNP , a NN VBG RB similar to indiana jones exploring the tomb within NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
because of the death sentence , the case has automatic appeals up to the united states supreme court , and is still underway as of march 14 , 2013 .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
an example is NNP ( 1 ) acting on a JJ space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the town 's permanent population is around 10 , 000 but rises at least to around 50 , 000 and possibly more in the summer with the tourists and owners of secondary houses .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
some editors spend most of their time trying to prevent and cool down conflict .	1	2	VBP	spend	spends
common NN by conspiracy theories is that we have to prove a negative .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the school offers the state run NNP for students to VB .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
in addition , the JJ movement of the horse 's NN leads to a movement response in the patient 's NN which is similar to the movement patterns of human walking .	5	11	VBZ	leads	lead
also , the vertical size is below current size requirements , though within them at the time of nomination .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
aboriginal title is one example of NN ( save to the crown ) in common law NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
secondary air injection ( commonly known as air injection , or RB JJ pump ) is a vehicle emissions control strategy introduced in 1966 , NN fresh air is VBN into the NN stream to allow for a fuller NN of NN gases .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the portuguese NNS like NNP and NNP are common found among NNP catholics due to the former portuguese province of NNP , india and generally follow the second NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is
other well-known models include NNP CD , NNP CD , NNP CD , NNP CD bio ( launched in 1967 ) , and NNP CD r ( with water tank , launched in 1968 ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the carrier 's crew lined every NN NN point , silent , watching the helicopters bring 50 wounded and nine dead from liberty to america .	14	15	VBP	bring	brings
the story is the emotional and JJ journey of NNP un NNP , a woman living in a post NN society , where individuals are VBN on the basis of their skills and their JJ achievements .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a boundary clock has multiple network connections and can accurately bridge NN from one network segment to another .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the player controls NNP NNP , VBG him in a third person view , fighting NNS and exploring the game world .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the food preferences RB seem to depend on each individual NN .	2	4	VBP	seem	seems
though normal distribution , short distance expansion of each individual population still occurs , the overall expansion of the entire cluster of populations is determined by the long distance , rare events .	6	12	VBZ	occurs	occur
there is RB no natural choice of NN variables ; some choices of NN variables are more physically meaningful , and these are what are RB used .	11	15	VBP	are	is
production of the ford NNP ends after 20 years and five NNS ( the final two of which were virtually identical ) .	0	5	VBZ	ends	end
in the poem , phrases and comments are side by side mounted .	4	7	VBP	are	is
from that time , the line of bishops begins .	5	8	VBZ	begins	begin
the seven figures in album art of NNP ( on the standard edition three figures are on the cover , and four are on the back ) , created by david ho , are meant to represent that this is NNP 's seventh studio album .	14	15	VBP	are	is
this table is a proposed NN of the armenian alphabet to be used throughout the english language wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment - nominator has a history of disagreement with article creator ; not a good basis for discussion .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the larger island is 100 miles in length , and CD in NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the position of ruler is what JJ men use to gain the upper hand .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the second and third elements were that the neighbourhood has to serve multiple purposes and uses as well the street blocks must be short .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
as a result , players learn NN ; a team can not depend on one or two dominant players .	4	5	VBP	learn	learns
delete since its only content seems to be a copy and past from a NN .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
the patient arrives and is carefully VBN .	1	2	VBZ	arrives	arrive
this page consists of formula one cars built by the NNP team .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
although this is similar to emma NNP , this actor is a grown man so a younger actor ( currently attending school ) is JJ though young and old can achieve the same levels sometimes .	17	23	VBZ	is	are
rhodes ' cottage is a small house on the NN that cecil rhodes bought as a holiday cottage and this was where he died in 1902 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many NNS claim to have invented the NN , so its exact origin is vague .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the festival offers the opportunity to taste michigan wine from all over the state while NNS demonstrate food NNS .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
a year after the appearance of the NNP on earth , humanity is on the NN of extinction .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
i noticed that when people try to hold back the pain , they cry - or the tears just fall down automatically .	4	5	VBP	try	tries
these JJ musicians exhibit JJ technique at their tools .	2	3	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
ha , putting in that link makes google images think that there is a CD NN wide logo !	8	9	VBP	think	thinks
the borough government is part of the JJ administration of the berlin NN , whereby the senate and its affiliated agencies , institutions and municipal enterprises form the first stage of the so-called NNP ( central administration ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thus the cluster has an abundance of iron equal to 8 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
all animal groups are treated consistently by following the NNP rules ( fish names follow the same rules as JJ names ) .	13	14	VBP	follow	follows
JJ NNS often follow from these findings , namely that it may be JJ for a country to RB shield an industry from world markets and that it might be better to allow a collapse to take place .	1	3	VBP	follow	follows
the overall appearance is of a long , JJ , JJ cat .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think that the NN for the sample is a bit too large .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
ali NNP made a JJ survey of the church found in the upper city , although a full NN has yet to be undertaken .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
the NN that communication may travel backwards in time if NNS go faster than the speed of light is still VBN by the fact that JJ nor light can travel into the past by going more fast from point a to point b than in zero time .	10	11	VBP	go	goes
the word `` helsinki '' refers to the historic significance of this agreement .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer
for all of the above NNS , the computer manufacturer typically VBZ a female NNP NN onto one end of a ribbon cable , and later NNS that NN onto a matching pin header on the computer NN .	9	11	VBZ	attaches	attach
the roman catholic branch now consists of approximately 1 , 000 members , including 100 roman catholic priests , 200 NNS , and 700 associates .	3	5	VBZ	consists	consist
this template is identical to , except that it allows a third parameter to be displayed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
just because you dont like the subject matter is not a valid deletion grounds , many people hate george w .	16	17	VBP	hate	hates
RB , a set index article is a type of list article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
other similar NNS link NNP to NNP .	2	3	VBP	link	links
the campus is a part of university of NNP 's campus .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP says that the article appears RB to reflect the sources , and he does n't really argue that the text of the article is pov -- only that the book titles in the reference section do reflect pov .	20	24	VBZ	is	are
the fall in stroke volume RB causes blood vessels to VB with some rise in pressure ( 15 to 20 seconds ) .	1	6	VBZ	causes	cause
the film follows a young new york city college student ( baker ) who , after being RB VBN , is taken in and held captive by a NN ( NNP ) who witnessed her suicide attempt on the manhattan bridge .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
the traditional solution is to find an JJ instance of a suitable NN at a fixed location somewhere within the program memory .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
therefore , for these readers , the current state of the article already VBZ the principle of least NN by VBG out the subject for special treatment with respect to muslim NNS .	8	13	VBZ	violates	violate
i think this is a case in which a list has no substantial advantage over a category .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
i think this site is a whole lot better than google books .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in general , the article falls significantly short in its accuracy and command of the evidence involved here .	4	5	VBZ	falls	fall
NNP 's NN is to gather together the economic , political and social leaders to VB collective community efforts to solve social problems .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the lyrics make mention of NNP NNP , the lion of NNP and i and i ; all things associated with NNP .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
a NN laser at a visible NN VBZ NNS of CD ( 1 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 ) NNS per second .	2	7	VBZ	emits	emit
benefits include free checked NNS , and email NNS about NN sales and NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
jackson high school offers a wide range of classes , from NN to advanced placement .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer
her NNS include champion show NNP NNP dogs , french NNP , NNP cats , and JJ horses , including her dark horse NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
light blue background and in means the model did not participate in the runway show and were temporarily replaced by other models .	2	5	VBZ	means	mean
the rules are pretty clear on who is considered a cup winner and who is not .	1	2	VBP	are	is
subject of the article apparently has no NNS .	0	5	VBZ	has	have
the distinction between these two NNS of `` word '' is arguably the most important one in NN .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
a notable community channel success story is tom green , whose NN NN comedy first appeared on rogers television in ottawa .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the garden is JJ with the historic NNP NNP house , used for functions and the NNP NNP of music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
because air is transparent it is difficult to directly observe the air movement itself .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it is not clear whether or not this trust is a notable organization , and the article lacks reliable independent sources that would confirm the notability of the company .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the last season of NNP NNP on the bench brings place 6 in league and average attendance of CD .	2	9	VBZ	brings	bring
one program offered is their JJ eagles , ' a program meeting on saturday NNS throughout the school year , allows students from grades 1 to 12 to RB work together to care for the many animals housed there .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
heavy NNS claim 46 lives in maharashtra , india .	1	2	VBP	claim	claims
this category is for NNS in the county of NNP county in the state of illinois .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the nose flute is a popular musical instrument played in NNP and the pacific rim countries .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
creation causes the NN of an empty object and the reservation of any resources required by the object manager , such as an ( optional ) name in the namespace .	0	1	VBZ	causes	cause
the largest concentrations of NNP occur in the andhra pradesh part of the sanctuary , around the islands of NNP and NNP .	2	5	VBP	occur	occurs
this category includes all pages marked as having been VBN by .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
more recent sources indicate that white scores approximately 54 to 56 percent .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
the article is not about NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
phase i projects commissioned in 2005 include NNS of the NNP , NNP , NNP and the NNP francisco .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
the general issue here is that NNP seems to be RB unable to let go of a matter .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
apparently the register feature adds `` [ r ] '' to the url .	3	4	VBZ	adds	add
these two separate claims are the same .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNS are all about challenging myself and VBG .	0	1	VBP	are	is
you might find others , but it appears , at this point , that a wikipedia article is currently not a viable option for coverage of this topic .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
but parts of route 44 are the NNS to the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the drawings i need to upload are critical for the page to have meaning .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the result of much economic development is very often not human VBG but VBN poverty , ' NN , and an JJ system in which the humans become JJ mechanical parts .	26	27	VBP	become	becomes
adults with terminal diseases who VBP before the next election lose their right to vote as well .	0	10	VBP	lose	loses
high JJ costs make reverse NNS expensive .	2	3	VBP	make	makes
the following year , when a satellite photo shows seven NNS at the helicopter 's crash site instead of just a NN of NN metal , the us army sends in a team to find the sole survivor of the crash and bring him back home .	7	8	VBZ	shows	show
NNP and NNP are clear NNS , as are their receptors , but there is currently on evidence that NN is involved in the regulation of reproduction in NN , event though NN has no RB recognized function .	30	33	VBZ	has	have
the NN is the earliest evidence of human activity on the site .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his research mainly deals with JJ NN and JJ NNS of NN , aspect , mood and NN .	1	3	VBZ	deals	deal
the first place of the tour is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the coastal areas have coral NNS in placed , although to a lesser extent that what are found in the islands of okinawa .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the ribbon is blue with three yellow VBD vertical stripes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains requests for edits to JJ pages .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the site contains articles on christian subjects , NNS written by mr NNP , study helps , and lessons for christian leaders .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
another note is that this is a featured article that fully states his importance with plenty of references and solid prose .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but the article as it stands today appears questionable to me .	2	5	VBZ	stands	stand
the town has a church known as the NNP de NNP NNP de maria .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
after school and on weekends the library is open to the public .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the images in that article are pretty poor imo .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this list of JJ NNS is a global list of notable NNS that occurred in the 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
accusing someone of being JJ just because that person thinks there are problems with israeli policies VBZ the meaning of NN .	8	9	VBZ	thinks	think
things are necessarily true when they are true in all possible worlds .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in particular , the ghost professor NNP is absent from the film , so his JJ scene about the chamber of secrets is instead given by professor NNP .	16	22	VBZ	is	are
the people are aware of their NNP ethnic origin , but NNP has been incorporated into the modern thai state .	1	2	VBP	are	is
fictional characters who own , run , or work in bars .	1	5	VBP	run	runs
essentially , it could be argued that NNP NNP 's output , ( with special attention brought to their more recent songs ) is more reminiscent of JJR indie pop bands , with definite NNS hiding beneath the NN , effects and JJ speed .	10	23	VBZ	is	are
the section NNP interval VBZ the traditional approach to this problem .	3	4	VBZ	treats	treat
the NNP contain CD species , although the composition of the genera is less certain , and more study is needed before the genera can become stable .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ work , ( or NNP work ) occurs when the volume , of a system changes .	1	8	VBZ	occurs	occur
once the relationships between classes are understood , the next process is to detail the behavior the classes will exhibit and how they will interact in order to complete the system .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
if you people want specific information on such data , i suggest that you make the wikipedia contribution experience more user friendly .	2	3	VBP	want	wants
the seeds are JJ , and also pressed for their JJ oil content .	1	2	VBP	are	is
not all individuals have all of these NNS , and a few may be VBN or almost black on top .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the gang heads over , and NNP tells them he plans to VB the NN by the bar .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
as long as a reasonably large number of people know and verify the situation , then the chance for abuse is very low .	17	20	VBZ	is	are
this program consists of a group of young students who provide research .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the island is approximately long , and is about wide at its JJS point and consists of 13 , CD NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
proposed NNS include placing NNP on topic NN or VBG him , and holding a discussion on a fixed scope of NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i admit i was pretty shocked when seeing those numbers for the first time , but then i remembered what you said about VBG NNS , and a quick search confirmed that the high amount of user edits are because every of those boxes had their own history .	37	38	VBP	are	is
NNS of that tree are a main food source .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the rocks range in age from JJ to NNP .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the lists and charts are not link NNS .	1	4	VBP	are	is
an example of use as a surname is sky NNP ( b .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
according to one writer , `` activists compare their status , those who are left out wondering whether they should submit themselves .	6	7	VBP	compare	compares
the only clear exception i see is the case of NN , whose reign is RB linked to their NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a major NN of this system is that cards are inside NNS and trying to look at an entire set of cards to evaluate the overall situation requires the NN to pull out every card , one at a time , and read it .	8	9	VBP	are	is
i think it 's safe to say that NNP 's pattern of behavior indicates that he will never learn .	10	13	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the primary method for community support is through the NNP NN lists .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the middle school serves students around 900 students in grades CD .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
my other concerns about the article still stand as of the article 's current revision .	2	7	VBP	stand	stands
that although it appears that the executive branch controls them it is in fact the other way around .	7	8	VBZ	controls	control
today , the game VBZ events for men , women and mixed doubles sections .	3	4	VBZ	conducts	conduct
the NN of the ball is the circular VBG which joins the two NNS of the cricket ball .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
pay what you want ( NNP ) is a NN system where NNS pay any desired amount for a given NN , sometimes including zero .	12	13	VBP	pay	pays
the party seeking payment already has a public duty to perform the act .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
keep on te balance of NNS , it is extremely likely that such a movement exists .	14	15	VBZ	exists	exist
NNP argued that the reason that women are more commonly seen in JJ spirit possession NNS is because of NNS in NN , NN , calcium , and NN d .	6	7	VBP	are	is
because the dam is designed so that the river flows over its top , a NN is created that grows RB large in winter and spring when rain and NN cause high river flows .	8	9	VBZ	flows	flow
the most prominent features are the compound eyes , the second NN , and a pair of JJ NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
capital gains from asset sales are JJ only if the NN owned the asset for less than 3 years .	1	5	VBP	are	is
their different political NNS often cause trouble for NNP , as NNP is extremely JJ .	3	5	VBP	cause	causes
many people within the NNP need all kinds of training .	1	5	VBP	need	needs
other weight loss NNS , like NNS , are dangerous and are now banned for casual weight loss .	3	8	VBP	are	is
the NN landing gear uses VBG link suspension .	3	4	VBZ	uses	use
also this is not a JJ NN ' any person 's ( stock market analyst ) who 's job it is to VB the financial strength of an insurance company knows what this is .	14	30	VBZ	knows	know
however , some authorities now argue that he VBD with the romans and is one and the same person as the JJ NNP NNP NNP , whose original name may have been NNP or NNP .	3	5	VBP	argue	argues
excessive use of NN on cotton and other crops , as well as the use of NNS such as NNP causes a large chemical pollution problem .	1	20	VBZ	causes	cause
when the driver sees the desired visual NN before him , the driver promptly releases his finger ( or VB ) from the NN .	2	3	VBZ	sees	see
despite many attempts to get NNP on a date , especially considering her rather JJ frame , their relationship remains JJ and open much to her NN .	18	19	VBZ	remains	remain
although residences in the town are often in architectural magazines , the town offices consist of a several double wide NNS hidden from the street by a JJ JJ building .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the NNS by second person will be VBN only if the NNS from first person are not good .	11	15	VBP	are	is
but obviously , the security issue is not JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
american NN throw record in the early 1980s , whose NN is on display in the front entrance hall of NNP NNP , and after whom the NNP NNP football field and track is named .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS that such purely JJ changes are less likely to be VBN for the NN compared to JJ changes of the NN .	6	7	VBP	are	is
events provide support for JJ programming and is an implementation of the observer pattern .	0	1	VBP	provide	provides
but unless the phrase enters widespread use , it can just redirect to his article ( which mentions the phrase and that this is an area he writes about .	3	4	VBZ	enters	enter
the JJ service awards extend that NN .	3	4	VBP	extend	extends
the biggest threat this NN faces is habitat loss due to fires , storms , agricultural development , and competition from JJ NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the same NN appears several times alongside itself , either in paintings arranged next to each other or within the composition of a single picture .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
throughout its history , however , commission policy has been to rely on the private sector for this function to the extent that the private sector demonstrates ability to fulfill the responsibility in the public interest .	25	26	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
in fact , as the record shows on your own talk page , you are very JJ to the people who bar you for 48 hours .	5	6	VBZ	shows	show
from a purely technical point of view , the term `` JJ '' has the sense of `` a point of intersection of parameters '' in serial music ( NNP 1974 ) .	9	13	VBZ	has	have
deep in the caves , there is a `` NNP '' , over which there is an idol of a cow `` NNP '' , and the river NNP takes its origin from the NN of this cow .	27	29	VBZ	takes	take
NNP tunnel has been built to allow the railway cross the NNP channel ( ) of the pearl river between the NNP and NNP stations .	8	9	VBZ	cross	crosses
the NN card is a form of integrated NN introduced in dublin on 12 december 2011 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of NNP is to assist consumers , NNS , NNS , and policy makers to make informed decisions that will improve health care at both the individual and population levels .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP snakes are JJ , generally laying JJ eggs per NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i notice that the link is also in law , added here .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his name in NNP is NNP NNP , although during the period he played in yugoslavia his name was often spelled in a simplified version as jan NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
and as NNP mentions , notability guidelines are guidelines not policy .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the architecture is reminiscent of a european NN basilica , but intentionally VBZ the impression of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the following list reflects the records according to the ncaa .	2	3	VBZ	reflects	reflect
females lay JJ eggs , occasionally in a communal nest shared by more than one female .	0	1	VBP	lay	lays
modern JJ horses need to not only be fast ; but strong , JJ and intelligent as well .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
in essex county , JJ roads are NNP , increasing in number to the east .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the copyright is in the logo , not your photo .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yes , it would make more sense creating something more specific , like muslim persecution of christians ( this is now wrong redirect to persecution of christians !	6	19	VBZ	is	are
the level of reliability is no better than fair for NN and NN and is poor for the remaining categories '' .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the website is back up , the NN worked .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
players assume the role of NNS fighting in JJ battles across the developed continent , almost VBN by the governments who hired them .	0	1	VBP	assume	assumes
if not , what rules for exceptions are there ( e .	4	7	VBP	are	is
the high strength but low weight of tubes substantially increases span capability .	2	9	VBZ	increases	increase
another option for NNP is that it used to save its window position in its .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
his current NNP rating is CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the diocese is ireland 's largest in terms of territory and second largest in terms of population .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while the visible light NN has shown large potential in VBG , many novel applications are likely to be discovered through the loss of JJ nature of NNP .	14	15	VBP	are	is
it needs improvement , improvement is not a reason for afd .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
with NNP coffee , for instance , NNS in developed countries pay a fee to the NNP foundation for the right to use the brand and logo , and nearly all the fee goes on marketing .	32	33	VBZ	goes	go
a left turn from NN rock creek parkway provides access to beach drive from local roads .	2	8	VBZ	provides	provide
various cities areas have first NNP centered around politically conservative networking .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the levels get RB harder , and have several varieties of enemies ; the earliest is called NNP , which does no harm to NNP .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
the park offers JJ areas , numerous trails , and paved roads accessible by bike .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
promotion of the use of JJ energy and energy efficiency is to be achieved by VBG access to financial NNS that support the use of JJ NN technologies .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
most modern NNS use NN NN NNS , made of metal , with NNS .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
national NNP article what the exact title is nowadays , but it should be national NNP or the national NNP or the national NNP live , or NN is accurate .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a `` notice of understanding and intent and claim of right '' is a document used by NNP to declare their sovereignty .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
steven NNP noted that `` NNP 's book VBZ itself in that its aim is JJ argue that questions of NN are not an optional extra for political theory , but should actually be at the heart of the discipline ' `` .	7	8	VBZ	distinguishes	distinguish
the NN is a short array of flowers varying in color from JJ or JJ white to pink .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a grain of truth '' is in production , and will be directed by award-winning director NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a 2004 media law VBZ censorship , but requires registration of NNS with the ministry of information and culture ; in 2005 some 250 NNS were registered .	3	4	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit
the catholic parish church , consecrated to saint peter and saint catherine , comes from the 18th century .	3	13	VBZ	comes	come
players take on the role of soldiers under one of the three factions , and each faction gives its soldiers special benefits .	16	17	VBZ	gives	give
the book includes detailed rules for NN and other martial arts styles , and allows the NNP master to construct new martial arts styles and techniques by choosing from a range of menu options .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the verse novel was VBN in the NNP , and the first edition sold more than 300 copies in jamaica ( where average sale of any new NN is c .	23	28	VBZ	is	are
since the research by eleanor NNP and george NNP in the 1970s , NN can also be viewed as the process of VBG things based on NNS - the idea of necessary and sufficient conditions is almost never met in categories of naturally occurring things .	29	35	VBZ	is	are
when the hunter 's companion joins him , having heard the NNS , the younger man tells him that the bear is dead .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
i am sure this is not where such NNS go , but it was impossible to figure out and i am sure that one or many of you VBP out there do and will forward and respond appropriately .	8	9	VBP	go	goes
information on any particular business is wholly inappropriate .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the authors assume that the objects are known JJ ( e .	1	2	VBP	assume	assumes
the routes continue into the commercial downtown district , where they follow third street for several blocks to columbia street .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
additional features of NNP 's NNS include the use of quick NN , JJ passages with occasional NN , generally JJ word setting , JJ and JJ subjects , and JJ NN .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
honor societies , NNP , and NNP are closed societies .	1	7	VBP	are	is
however , the dance is now a symbol of the state of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
among mollusk shells , the NN shell has the highest degree of structural organization .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
examples include both the CD and the CD clusters in NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
another JJ case subject to the ship of NNP NN is niagara .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
notable novels include el NNP de los NNP , NNP de NNP , NNP de NNP , el general NNP VBZ a JJ NN la NNP , NNP del NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
ranging in age from 16 to 87 , more than sixty writers and artists look at love and loss , work and history , identity and sexuality , NN and NN , giving a closer look at the most diverse ethnic community in the united states .	11	14	VBP	look	looks
while VBG the seemingly simple task of VBG VBN mail , the player encounters a number of bizarre characters , including an JJ NN , a JJ weapons NN , and a tribe of NNP NNS .	12	13	VBZ	encounters	encounter
the routes become JJ once more , running NN with one another into connecticut .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
head , crown and eyes - the head is bold , broad and well developed .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
for the first few days , the mother is JJ of the other NN members being near her young .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this NN level is suitable for those who know the complete alphabet in their sign language , some numerical signs and possibly a few phrases .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the three parameters are not independent of each other ; many NNS are absent , for reasons pertaining to the lack of either JJ or singular reaction in a quality , and the lack of NN in a singular reaction .	2	3	VBP	are	is
i 'd like to know how large our blp issues are in reality without assuming .	9	10	VBP	are	is
presumably google 's page rank algorithm considers , among other things , the number of mentions a page has on the web plus the number of times users click on search result pages where the corresponding url appears .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
the top image is a bit too JJ for my taste , others may disagree .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for all practical purposes , the city and county of NNP is the same as NNP ; the county covers the entire island , although it also includes the northwest hawaiian islands .	18	19	VBZ	covers	cover
in general , the climate in NNP NNP national park exhibits a very high rainfall , being the typical of wet inland NNP .	4	10	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit
some articles take a lot of time to clean up .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
a request for continued examination ( NNP ) is a request by an inventor for continued prosecution after the patent office has issued a `` final '' NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the NNS include a negative roll yield due to VB in certain NNS , although this can be reduced by active management techniques , such as reducing the NNS of certain NNS ( e .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in NNS , the interaction of diseases or other JJ health conditions commonly VBZ because of JJ social conditions ( e .	4	13	VBZ	arises	arise
we are still letting people create articles that are completely unsourced under the current standard , as long as they throw in some random external links .	4	5	VBP	create	creates
the production of NN is an important host defence mechanism .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
they are also among the papers archived in NNP NNP , which many libraries and universities have access to .	13	16	VBP	have	has
because of this , the city has a dry winter and is probably the JJS place in japan at over 2 , CD hours of sunshine per year .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
a NN holds the skills to make the adventure experience a therapy .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the plant is JJ , but often VBN with NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the district 's boundaries parallel that of NNP county .	3	4	VBP	parallel	parallels
shocked by the revelation , the couple drops out of the competition .	6	7	VBZ	drops	drop
historians in korea use the NN system to VB korean NN .	0	3	VBP	use	uses
the topics of his art include NNS and NNS of NNP , with its NNS and orthodox and catholic churches .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
but storage as heat in district heating for use in buildings where there is demand is significantly less JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
NNS have several benefits , mostly VBG from their ability to make program logic explicit yet NN .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the NN two NNS of the JJ identification number are check NNS added to enable error detection .	3	9	VBP	are	is
i understand that it is JJ for me to link to VB on all the pages where our content is relevant so i wanted to highlight our site to the wikipedia community and see whether people see our site as a valuable place to have an external link to .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
in the rest of the country , the rail network is less extensive .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
comment the palmer NNP ii proposal remains to be just that - a proposal .	5	6	VBZ	remains	remain
the important thing for a closed square is that it is compact .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the spanish schools have 40 , 000 alumni , and presently have 3 , 000 students .	2	3	VBP	have	has
in the month of NNP , people conduct NNP here .	6	7	VBP	conduct	conducts
NNS of NNP 's NN years in which NNP was JJR are more specifically identified by more than one era name or NN .	0	11	VBP	are	is
furthermore , VBG concerns are not the only reason that i propose the above for NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
bowling balls vary , depending on the type of bowling game .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
NNP 's main NN is the town RB , nick ( taylor NNP ) , who also likes NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
for many devices , a linear model is accurate only for small signal levels .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
an elementary center of mass NN shows that the second ball has twice the mass of the first .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
n makes it clear that our notability guideline is intended as a ( partial ) implementation of this principle , and our notability guideline is certainly not limited in scope .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
this article is a list of NN NN ( ) , people who of mixed thai and european origins .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem with the question is that the NN has not considered the fact that other people may disagree with him as to whether the military actions in question were JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
calvin NNP is the only member who even comes RB close to being notable outside of the band , and the only claim to notability in his article is that he has shot a tv pilot , which is NN at best .	22	28	VBZ	is	are
to do so , high-speed vessels are often more NN , with fewer or smaller NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
from the point of view of its relative major key , the JJ NN NN is the JJ minor NN ( vi ) .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
as he VBZ over what barbara would think , a man named moss ( vincent NNP ) approaches him , and proceeds to show richard around the house opposite , which has recently become available to rent .	10	17	VBZ	approaches	approach
waste water usually is clean enough to filter and VB of down a NN .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
each regional church is responsible for christian life in its own area while each regional church has its own special characteristics and retains its independence .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
the match is considered so significant that the announcement of the venue months in advance gets coverage in national media .	8	15	VBZ	gets	get
the relation s is a JJ relation , since there are three items involved in each row .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are NNP and nancy NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it is thought that some kind of JJ background VBD that choice , since the NNP name reveals a clearly defined , symbolic meaning in its translation ( see above ) .	11	17	VBZ	reveals	reveal
also , NN is not formed by consensus ; wikipedia policy is .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNS come together from the geographic provinces around the world .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
the side for JJ job titles usually makes an JJ argument , that JJ job titles at some level promote NN in the NN .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make
scenes here show the underground , NNP palace and the changing of the guard .	0	2	VBP	show	shows
the two initially bond , but soon dylan ( reid NNP ) calls NNP , making claire angry .	3	12	VBZ	calls	call
comment the policy also VBZ that there are translations made available for readers who do not speak the original language to be able to verify the sources .	2	4	VBZ	expects	expect
in the NNP area , the JJ line marked by the NNP NNS actually runs through the museum and the great courtyard at a spot considerably to the east of the NNP pyramid .	7	14	VBZ	runs	run
these roads are well served by regular bus services by companies including first glasgow , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this category is for baseball at the NNP college of new jersey .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
every container has a unique NNP code painted on the outside for identification and tracking , and is capable of carrying up to .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
for example , in a control group design experiment , if the instruments used to measure the performance of the experiment group and the control group are different , a wrong conclusion about the experiment would be reached , the research result would be invalid .	12	26	VBP	are	is
the order contains five genera and 18 species .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the final NN about `` JJ flowers '' refers to the extraction of NN from NNS , in which the visible `` show '' of the flowers VBZ , but their `` essence '' remains .	22	27	VBZ	disappears	disappear
neil bacon [ 1 ] ( also the founder of NN ) in 1998 , the site offers a number of web 2 .	16	17	VBZ	offers	offer
the NN tells mother marie that since god has chosen to spare her , she can not now RB become a NN by joining the others in prison .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
when the dealer uses a red ace ( when it is JJ ) they have the option of switching their hand with any other player in the game .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
these wii channels are not available on wii u .	2	3	VBP	are	is
but even the edits of april 6 are in themselves JJ .	3	7	VBP	are	is
both are NNS , but mine is in a different language .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
if the player does in fact find all of the NN NNS , the NN will say that he will finally make a JJR crystal NN for his wife that she always wanted .	2	3	VBZ	does	do
these first two NNS of NN reflect the linguistic NNP of chinese words that can mean both VBG `` JJ '' and RB neutral `` NN ; NN '' .	3	6	VBP	reflect	reflects
the organization continues the journey with the dual objective of VBG diverse , but interesting , highly acclaimed , socially relevant plays and presenting them with systematic training and high level of production quality .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
a tag scene shows another of NNP 's past life memories as she serves in a world war i field hospital .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
most NNS offer a range of NNS , wines , spirits , and soft drinks .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
on the western end , the path connects to an extensive network of paths , trails and elevated bridges called NNS that are independent of automobile NN in valencia .	6	7	VBZ	connects	connect
the fifth and final thesis is that the trinity is a theological mystery in the strict sense and can only be understood RB .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
his other main political goals are to prepare a constitution , build sovereignty , encourage NN , and move NNP leadership back to NNP NNP from NNP and ottawa .	4	5	VBP	are	is
emergency department ( traditionally known as accident and emergency ) treatment is also free of charge .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the industry standard command system is digital command control ( NNP ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNS and NNS representing long NNS are darker than the ones representing short NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
other than the landscape itself , the NN is largely desk based ; NNP projects only display one layer at a time , and can be misleading without closer examination combined with some knowledge of landscape history .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
JJ style analysis is a statistical technique used in finance to VB the returns of investment strategies using a variety of JJ variables .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the vision that informed the establishment of federal medical centres nationwide is JJ presence of the federal government in providing tertiary healthcare .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the canton of NNP is an administrative division in central france .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
on the NN of the cap , the NN surface is initially white , but turns dirty brown as it VBZ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
gross domestic product falls by 6 .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
this theory VBZ among later critics , and remains RB within the critical canon .	1	2	VBZ	persists	persist
the city appears in the historical record in CD by its greek name , NNP , as part of the byzantine empire .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the police chief makes the final decisions on all complaints .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
each coach VBZ two guards , three NN players and two wild cards , with each selected player ranked in order of preference within each category .	1	2	VBZ	selects	select
in general , the article looks comprehensive , informative and the prose seems to be fine .	4	5	VBZ	looks	look
these network elements use a management agent ( ma ) to perform the network management functions requested by the network management stations .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
the small teeth have a central NN VBN by a smaller NN on both sides .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the outer rim is nearly circular , but slightly VBN due to the NNS it VBZ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i ask my fellow wikipedians to offer a simple place where people can easily get well sourced facts on this man and not be left wondering if the latest JJ email they received is true or not .	30	33	VBZ	is	are
usage and open carriage of NN guns in public places is forbidden .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the company performs out of the NNP theatre , in the heart of downtown NNP .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform
as a result , JJ trigger factors remain JJ , VBG an episode of ad .	6	7	VBP	remain	remains
an example of a JJ NN is in the church of the NNP in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the residential tower has 21 floors and is CD feet tall .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the food of this NN is mainly insects .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
their actions are very , very similar in nature , and the way they interact with other users , makes me believe that it may be the same person .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most states also provide for immediate suspension of a license , instead of or in addition to NN points , in certain extreme circumstances .	1	3	VBP	provide	provides
this is not a situation to be encouraged but the correct solution is not to delete these articles unless none of the information is verifiable .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
RB , it also allows for an asian work 's official title translation to a published english secondary title or VB shown on the cover of the work , the rest of which is in an asian language .	30	33	VBZ	is	are
this village is famous for traditional NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the insects are CD long and JJ holes of irregular shapes in young leaves and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the museum covers an area of more than 4 , 000 square meters and is mostly situated below ground level .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
a much VBN dancer in his NNS , his presentation of NNP technique is at its finest and continues to be an inspiration for all dancers .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
other prominent party members include the egyptian american scientist NNP NNP , in july 2011 , VBG emerged within the party .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
truth over relationship is under notice that if they a NN like that again i will stop them from contributing to wikipedia .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the team 's captain is NNP defender NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of one 's life is to break free from the wheel of life to be able to achieve NN ( release ) from the cycle of NN and achieve NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
both NNS represent a timeline stating where and when production resources are used .	1	2	VBP	represent	represents
in one letter he VBZ , `` it is now apparent that the forces behind the railway and the construction company are one and the same .	13	21	VBP	are	is
the flag of british columbia is similar to the flag of the british indian ocean territory .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some gas fields yield JJ gas containing hydrogen NN ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	yield	yields
jan NNP leaders enter parliament under the terms of a temporary constitution .	2	3	VBP	enter	enters
the NNP models need a leaf digital magazine as well for JJ use , where the NNP models have a compact flash slot .	17	18	VBP	have	has
this mission consists of three spacecraft and includes a `` mars NNP vehicle '' ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
mother NNP 's birth name is , according to a birth certificate obtained from the civil NNP and identification service of chile , NNP NNP NNP NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a lack of extant erosion shows that mount cleveland is likely a NNP volcano , forming within the last 10 , 000 years .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
this collection marks the first album appearance of the song `` just a dream '' .	1	2	VBZ	marks	mark
route 100 follows the through route across saint john and the NNP valley that was used prior to the construction of the saint john NNP and NNP highway .	0	2	VBZ	follows	follow
their initial method of transport is NNP 's VBN norton 500 motorcycle VBN la NNP ( `` the mighty one '' ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
two young men fall for NNP on first sight at the king 's camp , NNP and adam NNP , designated deputy sheriff once the castle falls .	25	26	VBZ	falls	fall
the defeat of the atomic shopping NNP leads to another problem for NNP NNP - the bell boys , a gang of NNS who live in the desert on the other side of the bridge .	1	7	VBZ	leads	lead
a little exposition in the old shop shows some exhibits from the history of the company , free of charge .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show
report again if patterns continue when blocks end and provide diffs .	6	7	VBP	end	ends
many clubs provide and VBP community recreational centers , sponsor little league and other athletic programs , sponsor JJ campaigns , help the sick and JJ and provide a wide range of other activities to help improve their communities .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
but where he goes , trouble is sure to follow .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
during peak hours of NN when large NNS are JJ , the very slow speed of traffic entering and leaving the NN can VB for the smaller NNS and facilitate JJ NNS .	7	8	VBP	are	is
NNP sends VBZ to thousands of people who have written a master 's thesis or doctoral NN and whose college library has a JJ catalog .	20	21	VBZ	has	have
as word of this and similar measures reaches NNP , he does not wait to test their effectiveness , but instead VB his NNS to the area controlled by the gulf sea frontier , where american JJ measures are not as effective .	37	38	VBP	are	is
the threat of separation causes NN in the attached person , and loss of the attachment figure causes NN .	1	17	VBZ	causes	cause
the NNP area is particularly hard hit with flash flooding and NN as large as golf balls .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the center features a 12 screen NNP theatre .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
every tv show has a soundtrack , this one does not appear to have any independent significance at all .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the album cover art work is also a parody of prince 's album NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the majority of evidence shows that the NNP are NNS with land plants ( NNP in the case of NNP ) for carbon and energy , but there is recent JJ evidence that some species may be able to lead an independent existence .	1	4	VBZ	shows	show
the personality is very famous in hyderabad ( india ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a few memory devices go the other direction , and use two cells per bit , to give even lower bit error rates .	3	4	VBP	go	goes
the borders VBN by NNP and as his ukrainian counterparts VBP roughly to the present JJ borders in NNP .	9	10	VBP	correspond	corresponds
source claims `` JJ high school '' , but of four high schools in that city , none have that name took art classes at the art students league of new york .	12	18	VBP	have	has
note to NNS , the usual way to withdraw a nomination is to add a comment `` nomination withdrawn '' or words to that effect , sometimes striking the original nomination statement , and sometimes giving the reason for the withdrawal .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
systems with higher NNS are also generally JJ .	0	4	VBP	are	is
since the cat is likely to be vulnerable during this period , its NN may be an adaptation to help it avoid larger predators .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
both properties are now national historic landmarks .	1	2	VBP	are	is
their core product lines include personal automobile , NNS , and commercial automobile insurance .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
clark has more than 15 years experience in human resources .	5	6	VBP	experience	experiences
RB , if you take adminship seriously enough , you 'd realize just how important a nomination statement is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
notability , to me , means that the subject of an article is of interest to a general audience .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the idea of different unrelated JJ people having random control over the production document still seems pretty strange !	1	15	VBZ	seems	seem
the location of the area is extremely convenient to the residents ; it is within of the north NNP railway station and is within walking distance of NNP city .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i 'd ask this on the entertainment desk , but i suspect that the people on the humanities desk are more likely to know .	14	19	VBP	are	is
as i consider the NNS , i think such a system would work best by having the tickets go into the articles or talk pages themselves .	17	18	VBP	go	goes
NNS include sir charles NNP ( son of the notable documentary director sir arthur NNP ) , NNP NNP founders david NNP and peter lord , directors nick park and terry NNP , and actors tony robinson and alan NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
technologies that contributed to the collapse of atlantic NNP include engine power vessels and frozen food NNS aboard ships .	0	9	VBP	include	includes
no one knows the man , who turns out to be NNP , a NN .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know
while volunteers are nothing new to the israel border guard , what makes the NNP NNP border guard unit unique is that it is the first ever all volunteer border guard unit in jerusalem .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for research into the very few australian businesses that operate as worker owned NNS see research by NNP NNP and greg NNP .	13	14	VBP	see	sees
one notable exception to this is delta air lines , who uses JJ letters regardless of cabin layout on all aircraft ( NNP in business class and NNP in economy ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the court `` needs only enough evidence to make a fair and reasonable estimate .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
the high school serving NNP is southwest high school ( san antonio , texas ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS ( probably NN , when used as a security squad weapon ) may be effective when the target is out of water , but are even less useful underwater .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
depending on the exact species involved , the maximum length is between .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this project is due in the spring of 2013 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its distinctive variable length NN NN is RB JJ , so it can be VBN 180 degrees ( making it face `` backwards '' on the engine , relative to its original installation orientation ) to ease the engine 's transition from JJR to JJ NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP compounds are on higher ground just to the south .	3	4	VBP	are	is
sure , with a larger magazine such as rolling stone , the circulation size is bigger ; however , their target audience is bigger to match .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
NN shows include rock hard with NNP , a 1 hour metal show saturday nights at midnight .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
ordinary pieces move forward one square RB to a square that is not occupied by another piece .	1	2	VBP	move	moves
a central simple algebra over k is a matrix algebra over a ( finite NN ) division algebra with center k .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
section CD of title 10 NNP provides a very similar but not identical list of NNP activities .	0	6	VBZ	provides	provide
rapid transit workers in philadelphia , pennsylvania , go on strike .	2	8	VBP	go	goes
she VBD against requiring that students pass the massachusetts comprehensive assessment system tests to graduate high school , and in support of clean air and JJ education .	5	6	VBP	pass	passes
the problem here is that by my edits , that simply clarify that the situation is not that simple , are putting in danger the personal NN of one editor ( NN ) in doing his best to show them as NNP best friends .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
these falls and the area below them is an aboriginal sacred site , and visitors are requested to swim only above the falls .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
a chef takes the name of NNP in `` NNP 's wood '' , an episode of jonathan creek .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
the NNP club also has an inside mini area where you have a NN court and further in , you have an outside place where you have a swimming pool and a restaurant .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
the city 's cable tv carrier is NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the line passes the site of NNP railway station and the junction of the former NNP branch line .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
most designs are RB persian with some local variations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ elements like NNS provide insight to the history of the NN .	1	4	VBP	provide	provides
however , this document went missing and its contents remain unknown .	8	9	VBP	remain	remains
in south carolina , all security officers have the same authority and power as sheriff deputies .	6	7	VBP	have	has
this page contains articles about people who died in police custody in france .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the second part is the extension of NNP middle school and the last is the construction of a new mess hall of NNP primary school .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
irish tv stations are not available through the NNP platform .	2	3	VBP	are	is
an admin who gets frustrated and applies an JJ user block , for example , is dealt with more RB than a regular editor ( i forget which arbcom NNS say that , but there is more than one ) .	29	30	VBP	say	says
the theme of NNP is suggested by the presence of the fountain and an old man , but there is only one ( if one considers that the NNS are the ones in the NNS , while the presence of man in red in the NN is JJ ) .	28	29	VBP	are	is
although originally intended as a JJ school , the staff of the school organised classes along comprehensive lines , with students work in sets depending on their ability in subjects , rather than broad streams .	20	21	VBP	work	works
the earliest records of playing lacrosse in the NNS suggest that the game was first played in the early 1890s .	2	9	VBP	suggest	suggests
his ability to combine all the NNS of an academic dean with the attributes of an JJ athletic director is outstanding .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
exact statistics are difficult to obtain because NNP are VBN as russians in NN reports .	1	2	VBP	are	is
strong keep - this article is lengthy , detailed , reasonably JJ , and interesting .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in his youth , he did a lot of wood NN and some NN , and at least one early painting exists that was carved in relief before being painted .	20	21	VBZ	exists	exist
palace of mirrors is the fifth full-length album by NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the ship is 20 metres long and was constructed at NNP island , an ancient JJ city state just off the syrian coast , by syrian NN NNP NNP using traditional methods .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both systems have many supporters , with variants of cooper 's system being more commonly used .	1	2	VBP	have	has
for low noise , the NN needs to have a high NN in its first stage .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
the opinions of such authors are very much valid material for wikipedia .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the reason for the random NN is still not understood .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
an ordinary teenage girl , NNP seeks the assistance of NNP NNP to help discover what is wrong with her cousin , NNP .	3	6	VBZ	seeks	seek
their living area is an abandoned NN called `` NNP NNP '' ( NNP five ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
other programs offered at the campus include NNP arts , sustainable building design and construction , sustainable NNP , NNP apprentice , continuing education , and academic NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
along with the adjoining hamlet of NNP NNP and nearby NNP , the parish has a population of CD ( 2001 census ) .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
most cited sources are online , but by subscription , which does not make them less of a references .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's nodes and NNP NNS are similar , but NNP 's nodes present with NN and are of JJ origin .	12	13	VBP	present	presents
harsh criticism is perfectly acceptable at wikipedia within certain NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
comment even if cross language evaluation forum is a JJ article , this should just be a NN from NNP , not a separate disambiguation page .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
in october 2007 , after the acquisition by NNP airlines , air NNP was renamed `` NNP NNP '' with its new NN being `` the choice is simple '' .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
in [ [ new york city ] ] the building owners are responsible for maintaining the NNS , so the level of maintenance depends on how much money the owner has that they want to spend on the NN .	20	23	VBZ	depends	depend
to say that the domain has JJ NN , use the sentence that says that there is a NN between every two infinite NNS of the domain .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
NNP NNP both send me an e-mail , and the JJ locations are indeed on different NNS as they claim .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the last few notes on the NNP manual ( NNP to NNP , ) are in place mainly for JJ reasons , as there are no pipes , in most ranks , for those notes .	3	14	VBP	are	is
virgin females release a NN which the males use to locate them .	7	8	VBP	use	uses
the largest connected component of this graph consists of CD NNS and CD edges ; VBG analysis reveals several prominent NNS within graph drawing that are more RB connected , including JJ graph drawing and JJ graph drawing .	3	7	VBZ	consists	consist
unlike the island of hawaii , NNP consists of a single volcano , so the island is nearly round and about in diameter .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the scale is above sea level CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on the NN below to the west is the NNP rural neighbourhood of glen valley , while on the NN to the east , which is called NNP prairie , the nearest NNP neighbourhood is NNP village .	33	34	VBZ	is	are
i believe images are very important to a featured article .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNS that say where a user is from are useful because they may be useful for photograph requests .	0	8	VBP	are	is
the 2010 study suggests that the majority of people in scotland are in support of clean energy .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the sentence '' is an episode of the outer limits television series .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
some authors consider left JJ branch block ( NNP ) to be a technical NN block , since the block occurs above the NN of the left RB and left JJ NNS of the left JJ branch .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
despite its many tourism assets , the island 's tourist attractions are not well known .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the second player is the `` king '' and the third is the `` queen '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today , the few instances when a NNP has gold NNS are usually when a sailor has previous military service .	4	11	VBP	are	is
the school is thus non notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the outer shell of the church is built in stone while the interior is in cast iron .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
she approaches peter , gun raised as peter tells her that she is the only one who can , but , in tears , she VBZ him to think of another way .	4	25	VBZ	begs	beg
if the NN is simply connected then we can find a map from a disc to the NN with boundary the given circle , and if the NN is of dimension at least 5 then by putting this disc in `` general position '' it becomes an NN .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
this size is a natural NN for the JJ momentum that a particle could possess when VBG on the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
great seal of wikipedia - 1 star ( NNP ) this image is mostly original .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's grand nephew , philippe NNP , is an ice hockey player who was drafted by the detroit red wings in the 5th round of the 2011 nhl entry draft .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN security ( or information NN ) community in the uk is diverse , with many NNS groups contributing to support the uk NNP security strategy .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
however , one particular recording of note is the one with NNP and conducted by NNP himself , which aaron NNP considered to be his best recording ever .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the greek form of NNP ( or NNP NN ) is NNP .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
the fine arts department allows the student to participate in cultural activities , essay writing and drawing .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
the tourism industry , for example , creates or VBZ buildings as `` attractions '' that have either never been used or can never be used for their JJ purpose .	2	7	VBZ	creates	create
when the space is full , the oldest programs are deleted to make space for the newer ones ; programs that users flag to not be deleted are kept and NNP suggestions are always lowest priority .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , this test produces too many false NNS and NN should be VBN when taking this test .	3	4	VBZ	produces	produce
the most vocal criticism against the free culture movement comes from copyright NNS .	3	9	VBZ	comes	come
likewise , a worker bee is part of the JJ NN because it does not VB .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
given that an expanding field is obviously far more effective at protecting a ship than a static one , all NNP field NNS were designed to expand as necessary .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
another well-known site is NNP race course , a JJ horse racing track .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the status bar running along the top of the playing screen gives the player 's score , the high score , the level number , and the number of lives remaining .	2	11	VBZ	gives	give
the ip range is too wide and active to block , so the only option i can see is to begin my usual NN cycle of protecting target articles , but i 'm JJ because the range of targets is so wide .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the plots are sometimes rather elaborate , and most distinctive is that the dreams often have a huge , very strange background , all of which is taken for granted - ( e .	13	15	VBP	have	has
the nobel prize in literature is not the only literary prize for which all NNS are eligible .	14	15	VBP	are	is
both continental and marine NNP deposits are common worldwide with marine NNS common near modern NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is
legend has it that over the years her influence became a threat to the power of the NNP king NNP .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
JJ species include NN , dock , NN , jerusalem VBD , numerous NN , NN NN , NN , NN , NN , JJ and many others .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the only other known natural NN hybrid is NNP NN x NNP NN NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
if not , then the procedure seems to be to use a generic template such as or .	5	6	VBZ	seems	seem
for NNS , summer vacation starts at the end of may and VBZ until the first week of september .	4	5	VBZ	starts	start
the village has a population of CD residents .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
buses that VBP the NNP de NNP city , NNP , general santos city and NNP city route , as well as NNS , NNS , NNS and private vehicles pass through this highway .	29	30	VBP	pass	passes
however , whether this NN is JJ or not depends on the NNS used in this NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the music video features CD 's member NNP .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the underlying issue is a running dispute over whether the article should include a discussion of the article subject 's ( he 's a pro football player ) rather JJ comments on twitter regarding bin NNP 's death .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as well as the usual NNS , or VBN banks , JJ objects include pieces of machinery , NNS , bicycle NNS , NNS on JJ NNS , VBD NNS , VBG NNS , flower NNS and even NNS .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
living during the warring states period , his eponymous book describes this man 's JJ NNS .	9	10	VBZ	describes	describe
it is an opportunity to introduce visitors to the benefits which the community has to offer .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
the phenomena VBZ every minute or so with its volume depending on the strength of the waves .	1	2	VBZ	repeats	repeat
if there is no obvious connection , and no reliable source makes the connection between the topics then there should be no joint summary , it is not a requirement that the summary exist .	10	11	VBZ	makes	make
this is a reasonable assumption in most cases since the system is not particularly concerned with how long each process runs ( at least not from a NN NN perspective ) .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
though NN 's NN for NN is lower than its NN for NN , NN of NN is still effective because fewer NN molecules are present in NN for equivalent NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
players use their wealth to upgrade their NN with better weapons and defenses , and fight for control of planets and NNS .	0	1	VBP	use	uses
also , the organization needs improvement -- JJ descriptions are VBG into the other sections .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
her mother is stage and tv actress NNP NNP , and her father is journalist fernando NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
interpretation is open , even though NNS typically make a decision , but NNP may well be the NN NNP .	6	8	VBP	make	makes
the intention of the guideline i quoted is to clarify points that should be considered when deciding whether notable subject matter should fall under the name of the event or the name of a person .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
negative flight levels are included in the code to permit altitude measurement at low levels when the NN pressure is high .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the white VBZ the sultan of NNP , while the black VBZ the state 's citizens ; with the white border surrounding the black panel , the layout represents the sultan 's duty to protect his subjects .	27	28	VBZ	represents	represent
after talking to kevin smith about the situation , NNP decides to stop VBG about what other people think , and VBZ a relationship with alex .	17	18	VBP	think	thinks
its NN is in geneva , switzerland , with a middle east office located in NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( sacred offering ) performed everyday for the deity is dependent on the smoke VBG from the burning of NNS from the NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the VBN roof of the chapel has VBN , but the walls remain standing .	11	12	VBP	remain	remains
this makes the NN of bonds an attractive source of financing to many municipal entities , as the NN rate available in the open market is frequently lower than what is available through other NN channels .	19	25	VBZ	is	are
as long as the local environment is stable , we can expect to observe JJ trends , as organisms become increasingly adapted to the local environment .	18	19	VBP	become	becomes
the force is particularly sensitive to NNS of the NNS due to magnetic NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the example NN circuit would be an and gate because the output of an and gate is `` high '' ( 1 ) only when all its NNS are `` high .	27	28	VBP	are	is
the JJ style of NNP has indeed been a cause for disruption over the last year , despite her claims that people are `` VBG '' her merely because people `` do n't like it '' that she 's `` following NNP '' .	21	22	VBP	are	is
the NN asks his daughter diana von NNP to sponsor the NNS ' debut ; diana , well aware of john NNP 's millions and his importance to her father 's business , agrees , as long as the girls are not `` impossible .	1	2	VBZ	asks	ask
these aside , however , i feel that this user is a suitable candidate for adminship .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
humans have sex for several reasons .	0	1	VBP	have	has
apart from the standard rooms , the resort has 40 NNS with attached NNS .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
before walking away from amanda , betty picks up a photo of gene NNP , of kiss fame , and hands it to amanda , leaving her to believe that the JJ NN is her father .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
also note that while the fuel for a fusion reactor is JJ and cheap , the cost of delivered power might not be .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
the problem with keeping this wiki is that nobody will feel like VBG the huge task of VBG it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this category contains individual musicians originating from the canadian province of ontario .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
these issues ( particularly when they involve questions of nationalism as this particular example does ) are among the more problematic for wikipedia going forward .	1	6	VBP	involve	involves
another example of disease NN is the new york state NNP NNP that tracks all JJ bypass surgery performed in the state of new york on a survey of CD us physician organizations published in journal of the american medical association , diabetes NNS are used by 40 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as a result , and as what david explained in one of the below questions , one particular aspect that VBZ this project from others is that we have our own inactive project cleanup department , which assists in NN of old projects and task forces that are inactive .	18	25	VBZ	is	are
the improved NNP motor used in the second stage is in diameter and long .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the church 's decoration also displays a number of western influences in its JJ , such as NNP monsters and NNS depicting biblical scenes .	3	5	VBZ	displays	display
NNP 's golf club is located at west NNP country park , where NNP 's NNP road crosses the river NNP .	16	17	VBZ	crosses	cross
since that time , advances in imaging technology include the discovery of chemical photographic processes in the 19th century and the use of electronic imaging technology that includes analog video cameras and digital video and still cameras .	4	8	VBP	include	includes
WP it is , will find that my facts are verifiable , reliable and factual .	8	9	VBP	are	is
various streams flow through the area , one such flowing from west to north-east is the NNP .	1	2	VBP	flow	flows
the three small islands in the west of the NN are NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	10	VBP	are	is
as is to be expected on a small island , so many songs deal with the sea , but , of course , many of them may not originally be NNP songs .	12	13	VBP	deal	deals
while , RB , you could get a connection with infinite NN , zero NN is impossible due to the speed of light being finite , so instant loading is impossible .	22	29	VBZ	is	are
just a general notice that this page is under NN , due to its JJ relationship to an active arbcom case .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a man called NNP NNP NNP lives with his cousin who is a student NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	lives	live
NNP JJ NNS can not VB outside their host cell , meaning that the NN 's reproduction is entirely JJ on JJ resources .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
from what i 've seen , most VBP readers seem to only VB the feeds per se , not their content , or maybe i 'm wrong .	8	9	VBP	seem	seems
another way of forming NNS in such cases involves promoting the subject of the content clause to the subject of the main clause , and converting the content clause into a JJ clause with the JJ .	1	8	VBZ	involves	involve
deleted the JJ alumni but the article is definitely a NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the company owns and operates the terrestrial transmission network used for broadcast of all major terrestrial television networks in new zealand , including NNP and prime television - NNP 's major competitors , along with other voice and data telecommunications services .	1	2	VBZ	owns	own
figure 3 shows an example of si ( 100 ) surface reconstruction that create JJ stress .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNP reflects that although the remake is `` not as dark or JJ '' as the original , it is `` probably more fun '' because it ends RB .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
her community services also include VBG south asian as well as JJ major students and other members of the community through lectures and performances in venues such as NNP college , NNP NNP NNP colleges , ucla , NNP and several high schools , community colleges and temples .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
the film features two NNS to alfred NNP 's film NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
sister publications include NNP , a quarterly magazine and online service for the digital travel sector , and NNP , a quarterly publication and travel agents ' club for the luxury travel market .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
there the couple makes friends with a NN of russian artists , but they constitute no artistic movement .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
minnesota 's NNP league teams are the alexandria blue NNPS , NNP blue thunder , NNP NNPS , NNP NNP , rochester NNP , and st .	4	5	VBP	are	is
a technical component provides information on technical NNS or NNS .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
a related issue is the JJ NNS of NNS and teachers who VBP the passive voice being used too frequently .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the work provided by text NN is an important part of source criticism in the humanities .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
among the NNP , VBG provided power that could affect which world a woman goes to after her death .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
in mathematics , JJ NN is a term for a particularly natural vector NN occurring over a NNP , and more specially over JJ space .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP is mainly residential , and as the name POS city ' suggests , is noted for its trees , gardens and generally pleasant environment .	10	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest
every moss and NNP is the third album of the filipino band NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the addition is a JJ structure with a parking garage .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the regular NNP versions are RB correct , but there are also limited NN NNP , or angel , editions .	3	4	VBP	are	is
JJ language ] ( the NNP NNP article in NNP is identical to the JJ language article of the english wikipedia ) .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
the chapters have their NN ( titles of chapters ) at the top of the pages .	1	2	VBP	have	has
students are encouraged and expected to display professional JJ standards and make decisions on their own regarding writing , editing and publishing .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP and google both say publisher for NNP is western , not NNP .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are atp , NNP , and NN , whereas its 3 products are NNP , NN , and NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the heroes later encounter him VBG the portal to prison 42 in the negative zone .	1	3	VBP	encounter	encounters
at least one pet food manufacturer not involved in any VBZ , the honest kitchen , has VBN to the news of JJ NN by VBG that it would add JJ testing to the suite of quality control tests it already conducted on all ingredients it NNS .	5	10	VBZ	recalls	recall
ex ) VBD a species that no longer occurs in india although populations exist elsewhere .	12	13	VBP	exist	exists
some manufacturers provide JJ versions of NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
males have a black head , upper body and tail ; these parts are brown in the female .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the hope is that i could buy one of these computers , take it over to a computer shop , or have a computer guy come over and replace the computer 's internal speakers with NN ones .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but a keeper may throw down the NNS and the batsman is still out VBN if he is out of his ground , but not attempting a run .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
today , the building is the home of the south carolina historical society .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ edition comes with short NNS in both japanese and english .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
unlike the home city from age of NNP iii where you can only VB the look of buildings , the capital city is completely JJ ; buildings and NNS can be placed anywhere on the city map as the player chooses .	39	40	VBZ	chooses	choose
his voice actor is NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
potential NNP NNP is confirmed that the sixth part is the final chapter , but there has been rumors that a seventh film would be made .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
key elements of its design include a JJ grid of streets cut by JJ NNS , blocks of regular dimensions and a NN around its NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the tallest building in the city , it stands on a rare NN of solid manhattan NN VBG the NN .	2	8	VBZ	stands	stand
smaller jet NNS like the NNP citation are generally not suited to VBN engines below the wing because they would be too close to the ground .	2	7	VBP	are	is
their lessons VBP problems to students .	1	2	VBP	pose	poses
the image of the NN makes things even worse .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make
this station has four tracks and two side platforms .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
little evidence is available on the use of NNS to treat NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the movie 's screenwriter , john NNP , is a long-time student of northern NNP NNP and worked closely with jet li during production .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
i am not certain whether the relationship continues to exist .	6	7	VBZ	continues	continue
in most cases the infection VBZ from JJ JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	originates	originate
this category is about the argentine dirty war .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a home study , as its name implies , VBZ the NN of the JJ parents .	2	9	VBZ	examines	examine
the player controls a small fighter ship that can move in eight directions and can fire both forward and NN .	1	2	VBZ	controls	control
the barrier island of NNP VBZ the lake from the bay of bengal .	2	5	VBZ	separates	separate
this category includes scholars in the field of environmental psychology .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
smith 's novel , the discovery of light , deals largely with NNP .	2	9	VBZ	deals	deal
the result is that new designs tend to use some variant of a wide swing NN current mirror configuration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ ( iv ) NN is the JJ compound with the formula .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a quick search of google books still shows no support .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show
the ref desk is JJ for VBG these .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
just goes to show that `` a mind is a terrible thing to lose , '' to quote dan NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the call is a high NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all other rulers are NNPS except the raja of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the firm is presently a NN of the NNP group , inc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
solid wood '' is vocalist NNP NNP 's second and final uk only single from 1995 , being released to promote the uk number one compilation `` singles '' .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
an NN case over this is complete NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
according to the sri lanka navy , the training exercise reflects the `` mutual cooperation of the two friendly NNS and the long standing JJ relations of the two neighbouring nations '' .	9	10	VBZ	reflects	reflect
these data VBP the assertion of NN in the skull of NNP questionable at best , and it seems most JJ to conclude that the specimen displays a conventional JJ NN .	25	26	VBP	displays	display
the decrease of completion rate among college students has JJ , educational and political implications .	1	8	VBZ	has	have
the double side single features the themes for NNP NNP 's NNP tv drama `` last hope '' and NNP NNP 's feature film `` NNP data '' ( NNP ) .	2	4	VBZ	features	feature
discussions focus on how to improve the portal so that it meets the stated featured portal criteria at issue .	1	11	VBZ	meets	meet
the bases are usually far larger than in baseball and more than one player can be on the same base at the same time .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in this case , the consensus appears to be that these players meet that `` highest '' standard .	11	12	VBP	meet	meets
a full performance needs up to 40 NNS .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
the JJ representative of this slave community , NNP rabbit is the hero with a `` JJ body but a RB strong mind '' that allows him to `` create [ his ] own symbols in NN of the JJ logic of the NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
as of 2010 , the government recognizes the existence of CD of these settlements , which cause severe ecological damage with the NN of trees , advance of urban NN , and in some areas , the NN of JJ NNS .	5	6	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
some scholars argue that the term should be used only to refer to the cultural movement in europe in the 1940s and 1950s associated with the works of the NNS NNP NNP , NNP de NNP , maurice NNP , and albert NNP .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
the current head of the NNP is pr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
then again , if the nest is in the kitchen , poison sounds like a very bad idea .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the time limit is one move every 30 seconds .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the motorway leaves the metropolitan area of NNP , through the urban areas of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , until arriving at the mountainous town of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
it would be great to include a JJ single paragraph on NNP in a list of extremely JJ american people , but without massive new evidence of notability this NN article looks like a clear delete .	30	31	VBZ	looks	look
the historic lift to NNP is a 50 metre high , JJ iron construction , that links the village of NNP higher up the hill .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
executive grade navy nurse corps officers who have , or had , command of an installation or commissioned unit ashore are also eligible to wear the navy command ashore NN .	5	20	VBP	are	is
both their styles of comedy should be recognised and this page is ideal for that .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the village contains 3000 inhabitants and have a NN named for NNP river nearby .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
after defeating the boss at the end of each level , if the game has more than one current player then the players are given a time limit that VBZ when a player is hurt and tells the players to fight as long as they want and lose health .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
as NNS are not used , an altitude component of encoded meters is optional with a VBG `` a '' character ( below JJ VBN by a NN `` a '' ) .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
he has VBN his desire to see more NNS follow his example in playing traditional NN to keep the music alive and to encourage classical players to play NN compositions in their repertoire and accept it .	8	9	VBP	follow	follows
her father is the late NNP NNP , a popular journalist and author , and her mother NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP syndrome , first described in 1936 by NNP NNP and NNP NNP NNP , is an extremely rare JJ NN of NNP NN ( NNP ) .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
NNP use during NN increases the risk of developing NN in NN due to interference with brain development .	1	4	VBZ	increases	increase
keep , book is from a JJ press , and has at least a JJ relationship to the pbs documentary .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article is about the NN itself , not the parent company .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a checkuser complaint filed on editors involved in vandalism shows that its likely that socks ( who are deleting exactly the same information ) are JJ on this article .	14	24	VBP	are	is
when NNP 's wife knows that her life was saved by NNP , she realizes her mistakes and accepts her as her daughter .	3	4	VBZ	knows	know
this category is for noteworthy professional or amateur poker players from denmark who have placed highly in major tournaments such as the world series of poker .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the bridge serves as part of the john NNP highway , which is signed as u .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the band consists of guitarist jeff NNP ; bassist maurice NNP ; and drummer jason johnston .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the pirates push NNP to the NN .	1	2	VBP	push	pushes
a NN who VBZ an NN hands over a capital sum and , in return , the insurance company pays the NN an amount VBN under the NN contract based on their life NN and the assumed returns on an underlying investment .	18	19	VBZ	pays	pay
the first section is JJ tall , while the whole building reaches a height of 56 stories .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while our policies continue to VB , many wikipedians feel that written rules are inherently inadequate to cover every possible variation of disruptive or JJ behavior .	2	3	VBP	continue	continues
better international collaboration levels and novel forms of intervention are necessary to tackle this JJ phenomenon .	3	9	VBP	are	is
high points in the charts and overall sales are all that is needed .	1	8	VBP	are	is
RB , the work is typical of NNP , with a highly individual NN - not RB JJ or JJ , but VBP with RB atmospheric NNS and tone painting .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i tried to VB JJ NN by using a few notes to cover large NNS of text , but i can put more in if people think that would be appropriate .	25	26	VBP	think	thinks
c project is a successful , JJ agency , working up a JJ market .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the annual NNP candidate NNS always cause extreme fighting and NN among the NNS , which she promotes , believing that in competition one finds strength .	4	6	VBP	cause	causes
the proposal has yet to be approved by county officials .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN continues to decline , and the NNP process is VBG the creation of new unsourced NNP .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
NNP is also RB VBG articles which have been RB VBN after being contested earlier or surviving an afd , and these two types together account for most of the recent NNS i believe .	23	25	VBP	account	accounts
match officials are provided by the finland rugby NNP association its mission is to develop the sport in finland and support the local clubs .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP leaves the office to meet ray , where he VBZ the gang leader for failing to bring the NNS on board , then gives him a gun and tells him the gang needs to be brought on board now .	32	33	VBZ	needs	need
when attached to the ( original , JJ ) wii remote , the JJ unit extends the length of the controller body each wii NNP includes a longer version of the wii remote jacket to accommodate the added length .	14	15	VBZ	extends	extend
the school brings out an annual magazine VBD NNP , the first edition of which was brought out in 2001 .	1	2	VBZ	brings	bring
note , this is the `` edit source '' answer .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
the second event entitled `` o sing NNP the lord '' saw local professional NNS take centre stage at st andrews church in a night of spiritual choral singing .	14	15	VBP	take	takes
live at the NNP is a dvd from NNP blue , a trio led by NNP NN page NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the teaching program comprises all branches of modern medicine and is comparable to medical programs of the best medical teaching centers in the usa , which give the opportunity to achieve career rotation in the usa .	2	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
their NN is a pale gray with light NNS , but the fur on the throat region is gray at its base .	12	17	VBZ	is	are
the specialty of NNP NNP is that they are very dry , hard and NN from outside , but contain NN and soft core that is often filled with NN NN inside .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
finally i would note that NNP 's behavior VBZ the arbcom junction that wikipedia is not a nationalist battle ground .	7	8	VBZ	violates	violate
a JJ organization is a network governance pattern emerging in many progressive 21st century enterprises .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
shot in the old village of NNP , a small town on the NNP river which is slowly being destroyed by the building of the three NNP dam , still life tells the story of two people in search of their NNS .	0	31	VBZ	tells	tell
the most JJ resource is the NNP shakespeare library in washington , d .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his height is around 50 meters tall and VBZ around 38 , 000 tons .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
four NNP express trains have technical NNS at NNP .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the latin terms are NNP NNP ( near spain ) and NNP NNP ( far spain ) -- the articles will probably tell you all you want to know .	2	3	VBP	are	is
other criticisms also figure prominently , if not more so .	1	3	VBP	figure	figures
the evidence suggests that the pain in JJ results primarily from pain processing NNS functioning RB .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
target often supports major awards shows such as the NNP , NNP , NNP , and the golden NNP .	0	2	VBZ	supports	support
the page list of NNS has NNS by letter .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
the deeper issues in the couple 's lives are often JJ by being VBN over in conversation .	2	8	VBP	are	is
although the art on many of these early volumes is less detailed than that of nancy drew and other NNP publications , the sisters are usually shown in a far more active role , rather than hiding and VBG on the action .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
each table has its own details and gameplay elements .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its ratings place it constantly on the top three daytime programs .	1	2	VBP	place	places
NNP 's political NNS seem to have been JJ throughout his time in florida .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
captain 's challenge - a player has to draw three pictures of people from their rival teams and everyone else has to guess who they are to win .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
cook VBZ NNP , stating `` i do n't know who this NNP guy is , but he has a great taste in NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
december to april and a wet season from may to november , during the dry season the upper regions are JJ to fires .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the article currently lacks any sourcing .	1	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
the 19th century in the united states refers to the period in the united states from 1801 through 1900 in the JJ calendar .	2	7	VBZ	refers	refer
social research involves creating a theory , NN ( measurement of variables ) and observation ( actual collection of data to test JJ relationship ) .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
alternative medicine is a huge , diverse field - each aspect of alternative medicine has its own NN , and there 's very little overlap .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the NN and NN NNP ' influences that serve as a JJ NN for much of the series , the games feature a wide variety of different musical styles that are JJ of the various areas and environments they appear in .	23	24	VBP	feature	features
NN who was totally JJ and no records exist of any input into the experiments of the society exist .	7	8	VBP	exist	exists
it has been extensively studied by x-ray NN since its NNS are unique and JJ to a resolution of 0 .	10	11	VBP	are	is
delete yes , the title is JJ and the topic is already well developed under 1980s in film .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
finally , as already noted NN , these NNS are still subject to confirmation .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the station however is lit up more than the NN because it would make operating the ride extremely difficult for the ride operators and NNS .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the relationship between and is one with its origins not in martial arts , but rather in japanese and asian culture generally .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the report makes 97 recommendations regarding alcohol restrictions , the provision of healthcare and many other issues relating to child abuse and NN in regional aboriginal communities .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
its special attack is extreme NNP which launches two giant NNS in the front part of the ship .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one company that was affected is NNP , which reported a 34 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
students come to brandon with a range of educational , emotional and behavioral difficulties and are provided with JJ treatment plans whilst achieving academic skills .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
his very first contribution here is to vote at t a afd in which both user NNP and VB were heavily involved .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
if you take away the victorian and later JJ NNS , the counties have no JJ natural lakes to attract the species .	12	13	VBP	have	has
to prevent a similar tragedy from occurring in the future , the city 's flood plain is no longer allowed to be built upon .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
a lake , also called round lake , is just outside the city to the northeast .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
at an elevation of CD m , its surface area is 0 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
whether your business is called `` NNP '' or `` joe 's NNP , '' the name is a valuable asset .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
these type tags are added by other editors , just like yourself , to let people know that they 've seen an issue with the article and are asking for help in fixing it .	15	16	VBP	know	knows
some NNS support JJ operation , and JJ ( JJ ) can be used in many circumstances to improve performance by eliminating the JJ time , at the added expense of JJ installation and support .	1	2	VBP	support	supports
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 2 , CD .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
in fact , it says that the relation between forming planets by core NN in a metal rich disk and JJ gas giants is unclear .	7	23	VBZ	is	are
today , all forms of public NN by a customer are illegal , regardless of the manner in which the NN was VBN .	3	10	VBP	are	is
comment what is the gross JJ area ( NNP ) , a useful index with reference to what is a regional mall , JJ , or just the local strip mall .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition , her name is a JJ term .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the saints football team is now extremely successful and competes against NNP public schools .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's experiment uses a variant of thomas young 's classic JJ experiment to create interference patterns to investigate NN .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
this kind of social NN is one of the defining features of the NNP gang films .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
entry blocks 8 and 9 serve the main ammunition magazine , utility area ( JJ ) and underground barracks .	1	5	VBP	serve	serves
it is an JJ structure , as suspension bridges go ; though the main span NNS from cables in the usual manner , the side spans leading to the approaches are supported by NN , drawing no support from the cables above .	8	9	VBP	go	goes
NNP is a class a operation , though its call sign is identical to those used by translator stations .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
this article includes material translated from NNP ( NNP NNP ) in the japanese wikipedia , retrieved on january 11 , 2009 .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
may 2007 ( utc ) the longest and most interesting NNS are all about speculation , personal opinion , discussion , NN , and VBG .	10	11	VBP	are	is
my girlfriend has woods in her NN and it has lots of bugs , trust me .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this JJ reaction is unusual because it consists of two consecutive NN reactions .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
he also maintains that the figures for the population of JJ germany include 27 , 000 jewish victims of the holocaust .	5	12	VBP	include	includes
delete no indication that this meets or ever could meet notability guidelines .	2	5	VBZ	meets	meet
note that converting to NNP is very difficult and rarely works well , as the software has to distinguish the different instruments playing in the recording , plus filter out noise and vocals .	0	10	VBZ	works	work
VBN NNS , VBN , scattered NNS and small towns , some with historic buildings are characteristic of this JJ old cultural landscape .	1	15	VBP	are	is
one way to measure mandatory program risks is in terms of JJ NNS , the amount that would have to be set aside today such that principal and interest would cover program NNS ( spending over tax revenue dedicated to the program ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
clear consensus from established editors that the article fails the notability guidelines .	7	8	VBZ	fails	fail
your discussion of the company history has a huge gap between 1996 and 2007 .	1	6	VBZ	has	have
this `` NN '' idea allows composers and VBG NNS to include NNS in the melody without VBG with any rhythm patterns .	4	5	VBZ	allows	allow
and be sure , after 5 years working with wikipedia i know what a NN attack is .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
though these figures compare RB with global NNS , they fall short of levels in developed nations and in 2006 , argentina ranked fourth in latin america .	2	3	VBP	compare	compares
both traditions continue to this day .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
according to the united states census bureau , the town has a total area of 29 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
it is the amount the public school district pays to a charter school for each resident student that VBZ the charter and it is the amount a JJ student 's parents must pay to attend the NNP area school district 's schools .	7	8	VBZ	pays	pay
as with many NNP projects while many people are interested , few people get involved .	7	8	VBP	are	is
NNP membership is open to any organisation interested and JJ of fair trade principles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
implementation in this stage the individual employs the innovation to a varying degree depending on the situation .	5	6	VBZ	employs	employ
reports indicate that many people have gone missing after their arrest by the intelligence agencies operating in the region .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
however the issue of naming unnamed manuscripts remains .	2	7	VBZ	remains	remain
that may be the problem in english football culture generally , but the specific problem on wikipedia is british rather than english , as scotland gets the same JJ consideration , which is denied to other nations ( except maybe wales and northern ireland ) , as england .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
when a character possesses multiple such abilities , the terms super powers or simply powers are used .	2	3	VBZ	possesses	possess
NN length describes the delay between when a slip angle is introduced and when the VBG force reaches its JJ value .	16	17	VBZ	reaches	reach
the signal tells the driver whether automobile drivers are warned about an NN train ( VBG red lights , NNS ) .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
especially not when the cleanup tags are but hours old when you make the nomination .	5	6	VBP	are	is
oppose , i do not think the editor is ready for adminship .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
just then , the school 's finance manager , visits NNP .	7	9	VBZ	visits	visit
the topic of NNP is on article NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
keep as long as similar lists exist for other magazines .	5	6	VBP	exist	exists
the implementation uses NNP and NNP , with source files posted on the website itself .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the team currently plays in the VBN 5th level of JJ football , the NNP d NNP .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play
the arbcom ruling means only that i have to discuss reverts with the other side on whatever appropriate page .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
european style , and the JJ carriage has an outdoor observation deck .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
students in the lower and middle schools receive technology classes and daily access to technology facilities , while students entering the middle and upper schools are issued NNS .	0	7	VBP	receive	receives
the natural , human , reaction is to restore the warning .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
their economy is highly dependent on agriculture and hence vulnerable to weather pattern .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the result is slow NN and JJ JJ NN of the NN on the NN or in NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ language learning system ( NNP ) is a JJ machine learning system developed by a research team at carnegie NNP university , and supported by grants from NNP , google , and the NNP , with portions of the system running on a VBG cluster provided by NNP !	3	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP acid or JJ acid is an organic compound used in organic synthesis as an VBG agent .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the production on the extra songs is JJR .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the line runs between downtown NNP and NNP ( NNP economic development area ) in the JJ region .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
primary mode of transportation is by plane through the NNP municipal airport .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ culture , extended from northern spain to south-east france , includes not only a beautiful stone technology but also the first significant development of cave painting , the use of the NN and possibly that of the bow and arrow .	2	12	VBZ	includes	include
on the other hand a JJ construct has no single NN ; rather , JJ NNS consist of groups of RB related NNS , attitudes , processes , and experiences .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
death of a NNP ) is a 1971 film starring comedian and actor red buttons and featuring conrad NNP , NNP miles , alice NNP and sam NNP .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
this category includes nations that participated in the 1993 southeast asian games in singapore .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the church maintains 72 presbyterian primary schools and five presbyterian secondary schools .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
company press releases are primary sources .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a debate like this needs to be VBN on the talk page .	1	4	VBZ	needs	need
i think the NNP link , which had been in since 2007 , is probably more informative than the NNP link .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
in order to increase the NN of memory modules the NN NN reads data from multiple memory chips simultaneously .	11	12	VBZ	reads	read
either method is major surgery and is performed under general NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for example , `` free market '' is more JJ to JJ countries than to communist countries .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
definitions for a NN are deaths within 30 days .	0	4	VBP	are	is
generally , the NN , JJ , and NN are reported to be JJ , whilst the NN are not ( the image of the VBG cat , to the right , shows how the NN can be swept forward ) .	22	32	VBZ	shows	show
it VBZ to put a `` floor '' on the number of community NNP stations in each media market , without considering the land area which the market covers .	27	28	VBZ	covers	cover
isbn CD NNP ashley NNP said NNP are `` absent NNS '' and he said `` such NNS are absent in the NNS of both NNS in NNP peoples .	17	18	VBP	are	is
this category also contains articles incorporating information from the national center for NNP information .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
so , after i moved the page to kosovo again , i made a minor change on the kosovo and NNP redirect page , so now the page has a ( tiny ) history .	27	28	VBZ	has	have
her friends webster , jim and charles are in south america taking pictures .	1	7	VBP	are	is
in contrast , many other formats seek to VB positions in the stream or rely on a table of contents for seeking information .	5	6	VBP	seek	seeks
the cargo is not visible to the casual viewer and thus is less likely to be stolen ; the doors of the NNS are usually sealed so that VBG is more evident .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while they struggle to survive an JJ NN which VBZ the town and NNS JJ , RB monsters , extreme tensions rise among the survivors .	17	21	VBP	rise	rises
snow depth of at least an inch occurs an average of 8 days per year .	6	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
the highly JJ CD NN NN sequence found in this species in one 2007 study seems to be due to a laboratory error ; in another study a CD NN sequence VBG with the general pattern of NN evolution in NNP was found .	6	15	VBZ	seems	seem
this list includes properties and districts listed on the national register of historic places in halifax county , north carolina .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the cast members ) are an NN to themselves , their heritage and their families .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the three major highways across the valley are u .	3	7	VBP	are	is
NNP 's JJ surprise is his meeting with NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
originally published in 1984 , the book holds great significance in VBG NN and the wider hip hop culture internationally .	6	7	VBZ	holds	hold
NNP line is a major railway line in switzerland , connecting the cities of NNP and NNP via NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the company quality NNS estimate values of the maximum and spread of the distribution .	3	4	VBP	estimate	estimates
young 's VBN wife later reveals he VBD on her , and via a dream young has , it become clear his affair was with t .	3	5	VBZ	reveals	reveal
the surviving print seems to end rather RB , as the last few seconds of the NN are among the lost footage .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP 's NN to be a NN is so over the top that the doctor VBZ he must operate .	14	15	VBZ	declares	declare
american NNP ( song ) it 's a topic many people have VBN about ; the article is comprehensive , informative , and JJ in VBG the mainstream theory on the song 's meaning from the list of more creative theories .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the main industry today is agriculture .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
NN can play any position across the NN but his preferred position is at JJ NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
this album is one of the few , if not the only album released by NNP records that is not entirely hip hop based .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the coins ' design also features the 12 stars of the eu , the year of NN and the irish name for ireland , `` NN '' , in the traditional gaelic script .	3	5	VBZ	features	feature
the story starts off with NNP , a passport VBG officer and his wife NNP krishna .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
there is a certain temperature , called the NNP temperature or critical temperature , NNP below which the system presents JJ long range order .	18	19	VBZ	presents	present
the detail in the article is very JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the first definition VBZ it from JJ psychological research ; however , there has been a long debate on the difference between JJ and JJ research .	2	3	VBZ	distinguishes	distinguish
the effect is variable , as NNS have widely differing concentrations of the relevant NN compounds , and therefore not JJ in a RB JJ way .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN tests are currently on their way to confirm his identity .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the city has the first marina facility in the country NNP marina which attracts large number of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
because of NNS introduced along every step of the way , the NNS are never perfect , and the conditions met by the corrected solution do not perfectly match the equation demanded by reality .	12	13	VBP	are	is
many individuals are prone to sexual relations with persons of the same sex ( .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the 11th street west intersection provides access from the south end of the city of NNP to highway 7 .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide
since the debate VBZ mainly on JJ `` JJ '' or `` low NN '' i do n't think the deletion case is made at present .	2	3	VBZ	rests	rest
the woman , of course , is a NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
his books include NNP , the history of the NNP and easter island [ [ easter island ] ] ' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in the game his walking speed is slow and his air consumption rate is fast .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
some NNS are small , fast players , whose role is to clear a loose ball from defence or play on a forward of similar size and speed .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the charter provides for a county attorney , to be hired by the county administrator with the advice and consent of the county commissioners .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the story of inception of ma NNP is not only very interesting but all full of inner significance .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the trail has many NNS and offer many NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the opening theme is by NNP NNP the walls and the ending theme is `` NNP '' by school food punishment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
but it is unclear what the reason of that distinction is .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
JJ got off on the wrong foot with their approach here , but the idea of including the name is n't wholly JJ .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
one important feature of JJ NNS is the availability of some form of persistent memory .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a NNP dance of the same name , NNP , exists , and is very similar to the russian dance .	2	10	VBZ	exists	exist
the land surrounding NNP is extremely JJ , and the river is accessible to JJ vessels despite its modest discharge for about beyond the city .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
school districts are generally notable , except for very small or new ones .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the painted turtle is not native to nevada or california .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it is around this time that the term `` JJ maiden '' appears to have come into common usage , derived from the old NNP ( mine ) .	10	12	VBZ	appears	appear
known for its beauty , the NNP canyon area VBZ CD acres of timber , restored prairie , and VB habitat .	8	9	VBZ	totals	total
the style thus forms a part of the wider baroque period in art , although as well as considerable influence from great baroque masters such as NNP and later NNP , the distinctive nature of the art of the period also included influences that modified typical baroque characteristics .	1	3	VBZ	forms	form
the full bio is on a different page and this is a NN of the full bio .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this image is the logo of NNP industries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the staff at time magazine , while calling JJ `` a novel NN '' VBD the performance of jack NNP , writing , `` this man NNP keeps the show as well as linda on the move .	25	27	VBZ	keeps	keep
however , with technology constantly increasing in its abilities , the question of what can be done to preserve organs is an issue that is highly controversial .	11	20	VBZ	is	are
JJ schools compete on NNP , where the series is called hometown NNP .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes
the martha white brand is probably most associated with its long-term sponsorship of the country music radio program , the grand NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
RB VBN editors are more likely to support another such user than those who do not edit such articles .	2	3	VBP	are	is
all NNS rest on the freedom of the press and this is especially true for id .	1	2	VBP	rest	rests
the two types of training are NN and behavioral .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the disk controller is the circuit which enables the cpu to communicate with a hard disk , JJ disk or other kind of disk drive .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i guess if you say the same thing over and over again , and the right audience just happens to go along , no one will question the opinions mixed in with policies .	16	18	VBZ	happens	happen
if paragraphs are both split and VBN in the same revision , then the new words can not be highlighted as different from the prior revision .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the issue is this user 's behavior .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as of 2008 , the community has a post office , feed mill , a volunteer fire station , two churches , a NNP hall and several houses .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the check NN in NNS is not part of the identity card number , but VBD solely to facilitate computer data processing .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
an additional relief pitcher mode allows a best of 7 world series type of play for two players .	4	5	VBZ	allows	allow
cat draws a picture of a mouse and they play a NN game of what a mouse likes to eat .	16	17	VBZ	likes	like
the development time from egg to adult is about fourteen days .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
if the film is real , the lack of references means it does not meet the notability guidelines for future films .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP is on the train with gold cargo along with other NNS ( named NNP and NNP ) engaged in conversation on future `` VBN '' russia , suggesting that present republic `` is a NN '' .	31	33	VBZ	is	are
unable to overcome NNP 's presence in their lives , matt and NNP 's relationship ends as NNP and NNP become closer , after VBG to still be married to VB NNP 's NNS , NNP ( NNP NNP ) and NNP ( NNP NNP ) , and NN .	14	15	VBZ	ends	end
its name comes from the pronunciation of `` script '' in pig latin .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
a bag , in the context of fishing and hunting , is a quantity of fish caught or game killed , normally given as number of animals .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
other sources limit the eastern border to the coastal NNS of these mountains , only three to inland .	1	2	VBP	limit	limits
the problem is not whether they are paid , but how they edit .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the pass is near stevens pass ski area , which is on NNP mountain and big chief mountain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other forms of apostolic JJ include the NN , NN , VBD cardinal 's hat , and the papal NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
delete a quick google search shows up no third-party reliable sources for this personality .	4	5	VBZ	shows	show
the organization has around CD employees working in 54 offices in 37 cities spread across the country , headquartered in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the priests RB find it in their hearts to VB him .	1	3	VBP	find	finds
a community is a group of VBG organisms sharing an environment .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if the account is even historical , saint thomas may have encountered one of the later kings who bore the same title .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a general rule of NN is to have a minimum of 5 , 000 edits before you will pass at rfa .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
despite strong mixed emotions , NNP 's final official act as president of the united states is to VB NNP and thus spare him from having to serve his prison sentence .	9	16	VBZ	is	are
its positive influence in NN NN for instance seems to VB from NNP alpha activation .	2	8	VBZ	seems	seem
or consider how short and JJ the new york times magazine article is .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
this psychological thriller tells the story of jeff NNP ( robert young ) .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the automotive industry is an important part of the economy since the late 1960s .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the village has a post office and has a rail link with the municipality ( UH ) of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
inadequate references , so article immediately fails .	4	6	VBZ	fails	fail
that would depend largely on whether the inner planets are still there or not .	8	9	VBP	are	is
nevertheless , within the territory of the commune itself VBD between the NNP valley and the foot of the NNP , the altitude rises only to CD meters , above the hamlet of NNP , and near to the old road connecting with the grande NNP pilgrimage route .	22	23	VBZ	rises	rise
the present church retains parts of the nave , crossing and north NN of that church .	2	3	VBZ	retains	retain
i believe should answer your question , particularly the bit that says the article has no other substantial edits by others .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
some applications , such as web NNS , maintain an internal NNP cache in to avoid repeated NNS via the network .	1	8	VBP	maintain	maintains
above the NN , a display indicates the day of the week .	5	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate
this situation happens a lot with me .	1	2	VBZ	happens	happen
operator members of NNP provide all types of portable NN and NN units to both the construction and event industries in virtually all parts of the uk and ireland .	1	4	VBP	provide	provides
vocal NNS have also noted that when singers assume good NN it often provides them with a greater sense of NN and NN while performing .	7	8	VBP	assume	assumes
according to the oxford dictionary of NNP NNP , `` suggestions have been made that the gifts have significance , as representing the food or sport for each month of the year .	16	17	VBP	have	has
academic resources of the center include the reference library ( 40 , 000 volumes ) and photo archive , conservation laboratories , and a study room for VBG works on paper from the collection .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the title is a NN which VBZ many NNPS to insects that have been suspended in JJ ancient tree NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
unlike the 1911 variant , no 1914 variant of this locomotive class remains preserved .	7	12	VBZ	remains	remain
by 1996 , there was evidence that the fish populations were JJ , and the river is now a venue for organised NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
city NNS feature NNP who can give out side NNS etc .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
it will be a success when universities actually use it .	6	8	VBP	use	uses
since no article exists for the fund , make a stub for or delete this article .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
t ) is used to VB the electrons , where the combination of the JJ magnetic field and JJ electric field cause the electrons to VB RB , forming the hall current from which the device gets its name .	35	36	VBZ	gets	get
the sequel is explicit in VBG a recurring influence being VBN by organized crime on legitimate police law enforcement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the band is notable as being one of the early canadian bands promoting and developing blues music in canada .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his other works are a translation of st .	2	3	VBP	are	is
on this album , the band continues the same style they used on i against i .	5	6	VBZ	continues	continue
in addition , the JJ characteristics of the JJ create a platform for natural NN formation and facilitate tissue healing .	5	9	VBP	create	creates
NNP `` black '' NNP 's background prior to his drug empire is largely JJ .	6	12	VBZ	is	are
greek mythology , usually followed by a claim of NN ( `` this is JJ '' or `` this is not likely '' or `` the true version is .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
at this point , the two winning NNS face each other in the combined final to determine the winners of the football league trophy .	7	8	VBP	face	faces
in mathematics , NNP 's wave surface , found by JJ NNP in 1821 , is a JJ surface describing the NN of light in an RB JJ crystal .	6	15	VBZ	is	are
if the station was significant in keeping the free radio flag flying in the late NNS , the JJ sources likely are in old papers rather than on the NNP .	19	21	VBP	are	is
these materials employ the inclusion of small NNS to VB effective NN behavior .	1	2	VBP	employ	employs
those sites should be designed so that people have the right to take such comments off of their own topics .	7	8	VBP	have	has
the center 's focuses include china 's foreign relations , international economics , and trade ; climate change and energy ; NN and arms control ; and other global and regional security issues such as north korea , afghanistan , pakistan , and iran .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP ( horse riding ) is a noble sport of great tradition , based on the relationship between humans and horses .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP traveled to the area from ohio , listed as 1809 , could be questioned but records indicate that he did not travel alone .	16	17	VBP	indicate	indicates
according to 2000 census , population of the district is 16 , CD of which 6 , CD live in the town of NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
in palestine , the road runs along washington and franklin streets before turning south on jackson street and leaving the city .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run
a lower limit for the NN of the NN is 2 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the JJ foundation 's twin objectives are to celebrate players of inspiration in the nfl and to raise public awareness and support prevention of child abuse .	5	6	VBP	are	is
following the killing of a young NNP NNP ahmad NNP , protest demonstrations continue in kashmir for months .	12	13	VBP	continue	continues
in 2011 the group staff has 38 employees in a research department , a data coordination department , a communications department , and an administration department .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
in 2003 , NNP released his solo blues album bird in flight , which pays tribute to his NN as a performer .	7	8	VBP	album	album
all other accounts are indefinitely blocked , and the NN should hopefully get the ip .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ ship VBZ mostly to the children from the summer camps nearby and from around the port of NNP , which does not have a similar connection to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	caters	cater
officer ] NNP has a JJ recovery and will live , but doctors say he will be blind all his life .	12	13	VBP	say	says
the driver of the car , marion NNP , VBZ NNP to her house , until she has overcome her loss of memory , because mrs NNP feels guilty and responsible for the JJ girl who nobody knows .	1	9	VBZ	invites	invite
the molecule in isolation is a stable entity , but when different molecules are brought together , some types of molecules are able to steal electrons from others , resulting in charge separation .	18	21	VBP	are	is
to VB the data , and the stories of how that data was gathered , we also need your help in VBG the notes and text .	7	17	VBP	need	needs
the crane citation refers to scott 's lack of NN for polar exploration .	2	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the grounds VBP 16 NNS ( 40 acres ) .	1	2	VBP	encompass	encompasses
this album is the JJ release of NNP creek records .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bread is not the most JJ part of NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the centre of food and sugar industry is NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
this enzyme VBZ in NN and CC JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	participates	participate
however , during NNP 's break , another user , without prior NN , made it so the word appears NNP times , by ( within the references section ) directly VBG sections including it from articles used as references for the controversy .	18	19	VBZ	appears	appear
the home kit features golden NNS as it is like the classic NNP home kit with a two parallel horizontal red lines .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
the township ( JJ NN ) kong NNP covers parts of NN kong , ban NNP and pa NNP .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover
the reference has been interpreted as granting certain privileges to VB NN , but the context shows that modern readers are correct in VBG the key word NN simply as `` NNS '' .	19	20	VBP	are	is
symptoms of JJ NNS include weight loss and NN , JJ NN and pain due to NNS ( a NN of fluid in the JJ NN ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
but the new version of the article looks notable from where i stand , though articles could always stand a little NN .	3	7	VBZ	looks	look
the team is japanese champions 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 and 2010 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP building is in the former cardiff NNP , about south of cardiff castle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
RB , the factors present in the NNP NNP case are not equally applicable to the present situation .	3	4	VBP	present	presents
the dancers stand in a ring and swing their hands bringing them up from the sides , right in front .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands
however , at the moment you are the only editor who believes that this material belongs in the article .	14	15	VBZ	belongs	belong
both groups function as JJ design businesses and complete projects for seattle area businesses .	1	2	VBP	function	functions
the cause of NNP is unknown .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
other NNP services include the NNP pulse , NNP street NNP , and the NNP queen .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
these models appear to have been sold only for a year or two .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
records show an `` CD regiment '' NN in the NN until it disbanded in 1874 .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
in addition to elementary schools , the education institutions include thousands of NNS , general secondary schools , and vocational schools , including specialized secondary schools and technical schools .	8	9	VBP	include	includes
such movements see NNP as NN , and therefore subject to an inability to see JJ and JJ effects .	1	2	VBP	see	sees
article is about software with no significant coverage in reliable sources provided and none found .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
a simple search of NNP trucks in google brings JJ amounts of results ( notable results might i add ) .	2	8	VBZ	brings	bring
the origin of the white belt is unknown , but generally presumed to come from cross breeding with dutch NNP cattle .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
keep those roles seem notable to me .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems
september 1964 ) the seven nominations make him the second most nominated JJ ( together with george NNP ) after NNP NNP and with three wins actually the most academy awarded ( together with NNP NNP ) .	5	6	VBP	make	makes
NNP NNS to it in tears as the credits roll .	8	9	VBP	roll	rolls
before inaugurated and put into operation , NNP NNP NNP ship has VBN all four phases meet test requirements in design , schedule and quality .	15	16	VBP	meet	meets
these differences appear to VB over time ; in fact , the strongest NN of individual NN is whether or not one voted in the previous election .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
all sources give an identical presentation of the NNP , which probably comes from some official document .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
dialects are JJ ; NNP and NNP proper have only marginal NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
reviews tend to be mixed for the album .	0	1	VBP	tend	tends
the practice of multiple inheritance requires careful consideration of the function VBZ to avoid JJ results .	1	5	VBZ	requires	require
the preserve is out of the flight routes for the airport , so the goal of the wildlife service is to shift animal populations to the area .	14	19	VBZ	is	are
users link the card to either a credit card , NN card , or JJ transit benefit program .	0	1	VBP	link	links
the only time i 've ever been really happy is when i was at a pool table .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the pack beat up the gang of NNS who VBD up NNP 's sister , and NNP finds elvis VBG on the NN .	2	17	VBZ	finds	find
i agree with some of the things you are saying but like it or not , the policies exist and this discussion should stick to the topic of whether or not this band meets those guidelines and not argue the merits of the policies themselves .	32	33	VBZ	meets	meet
their precise NN is , however , much more demanding than the JJ NN itself but the NNP method may provide the required NN also in this respect .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
expansion of the original parking facilities is also necessary to meet demand at many stations , since many started with small lots suitable for just a few dozen cars .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
army of the dead - perhaps the smallest good army available , the army of the dead offers only one hero and one warrior type and one cavalry type .	0	17	VBZ	offers	offer
assume , if you like , that i , with my administrator hat on , have VBN the prior afd closure and VBD the discussion , most of whose participants are here anyway .	29	30	VBP	are	is
the NNS are JJ JJ with a pale , straight JJ line .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the `` black and white NNPS '' electronic music festival is notable because it resembles a similar event hosted in amsterdam .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
students experience an NN in both north american and european NNS on business .	0	1	VBP	experience	experiences
the only part of the original temple which survives today is the NN establishing the temple which was written by the NNP emperor , himself .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
ron NNP looked like back then , or that the photo is dated 1943 , or that it was taken in NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the difference between this version and the original crush version is the length ; the NN and other sections were cut out .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
NNS are NNS , made of JJ JJ acid NNS bound to VB NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
and to think 160 million people celebrate this every day of the year !	5	6	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
possibly NNS of 3 or 4 , each carefully examined to make sure the group is JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
at events where NNS are gathering together , an epic NNP may be set where different parts of the longer story are distributed to those coming together before the gathering and the epic story is told at the event with each of the NNS telling their sections .	16	21	VBP	are	is
the french name is JJ de paris ( `` paris NN '' ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a rail station immediately adjacent to the airport terminal is accessible by an elevated NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
failure is no barrier to another nomination if the article is improved per my suggestions .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the anonymous editor has many anonymous friends of like mind .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
some NN motors have a similar structure .	2	3	VBP	have	has
christian islamic scholars article , so having this article is pov pushing .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
laboratory workers and physicians often mistake the organisms on wet mount for NNS and a diagnosis of JJ NN is RB given if the organisms are not JJ .	24	25	VBP	are	is
working with master NNS such as thomas mann , NNP , NNP , and NNP has been particularly VBG for me , since these writers push language to an extreme , and the translator has to RB VB the translation in order to try to VB their effects .	24	25	VBP	push	pushes
open NN NNS are their preferred habitat .	2	3	VBP	are	is
merge or delete or NNP these for now , since a user claims he can find sources if given time .	11	12	VBZ	claims	claim
part of the problem may be that you are VBG the reference desk to focus on providing references , when in fact the responses at the desk tend to focus on trying to provide an answer .	23	27	VBP	tend	tends
a reliable source means that it may be used for verification , but editors must use their good judgement as well .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
the present day constitutional NN powers of the president and governors VBP from the government of india act , 1935 , but unlike the NNP , the president and governors in independent india do not have any JJ NN powers .	5	11	VBP	originate	originates
in general the article is well sourced .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
with missouri 's withdrawal from the big 12 and admission to the southeastern conference effective july 1 , 2012 , the future of the rivalry is uncertain .	21	25	VBZ	is	are
oppose - announcement is not notable enough to feature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
aids infection rates are particularly high among african sex workers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
an examination of their literature , moreover , reveals that it is JJ with NN , JJ , JJ , and potentially dangerous practices '' .	1	8	VBZ	reveals	reveal
JJ NN process is usually a cold working process , used to reduce the diameter , produce a NN , or add point to a round NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS offer the NNP yellow dress during the festival .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
still , this method is JJ because the NN in step 3 makes the output image look VBD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the background of the painting is hard to distinguish due to the NNS between the figures and the background .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
during NN , the NN contracts and moves in the inferior direction , thus VBG the volume of the NN NN ( the external NN muscles also participate in this NN ) .	25	27	VBP	participate	participates
NN ( also known as NN and NN ) is a NN primarily through NN and VBG burning NN smoke , but which may include the way JJ ash falls as well .	28	29	VBZ	falls	fall
the music video shows a young boy being told that his father has been killed in action .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ group shows clips of the fight on their next NN and NNP RB challenges NNP to a fight .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the route includes the bobby NNP tunnel , the only tunnel in arkansas .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the NNS follow the same patterns as other NNS , but females exhibit longer bones in the NN plane , which is one of the key characteristics that shows the sexual NN of these species .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows
my thoughts are with the victims of the tragedy and with all their family and friends '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the church plan accepted in 1882 is rare among NNP 's designs in having simple NNP gothic NN in its windows rather than the flowing decorated style of which he was a master .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the interest level of readers is not a determining factor in whether or not an article should be kept or deleted on wikipedia .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
that last link is just a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
more valuable actually ; any JJ ones need examination to see if there should be an article , and removed if not clearly notable .	6	7	VBP	need	needs
although british NNP has not officially redesignated it , the NNP road tunnel now effectively forms the end of the NNP broad canal .	12	15	VBZ	forms	form
the summer season is short , especially on the shores of the NNP sea in the northeast .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thus a NN material is useful for producing deeper contrast .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in geology , JJ rock is a type of JJ rock .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
various other JJ groups also live in the city , including a historic jewish synagogue on high street and many newer congregations throughout the city .	3	5	VBP	live	lives
it is estimated that for one NN of cultivated forest , the industry produces 400 tons of wood .	12	13	VBZ	produces	produce
i agree JJ NN format is not at all natural to link to .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
both entire NNS are under cultivation .	2	3	VBP	are	is
its seat is the town of NNP NNP , which lies approximately north-west of NNP and north-east of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first ship with chinese immigrants arrives in san francisco , california .	2	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive
this song is the second from the soundtrack , allmusic stated that `` that includes ashley NNP , who returns as VBN musical theater queen NNP and is the soundtrack 's star .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the video allows any educated person without specialist knowledge to verify the edit .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the most current algorithm is i .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the school has 4 , CD undergraduate students and CD graduate students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the hamlet of NNP is in the eastern part of the town on NNP near the point where the NNP river enters lake NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
given the above , i do n't think the article currently meets the ga criteria , and i support its NN unless the issues identified are addressed .	9	11	VBZ	meets	meet
in the southern reaches of greater los angeles , major business districts include newport center , south coast metro , and the developing business district in NNP .	11	12	VBP	include	includes
my name is taylor harris , please remove me from this search !	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the top of the NN is about three metres wide at the south-eastern end and two metres at the north-western end .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
local , this article contains none of the `` should have '' content , consisting only of `` should not have '' content .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the NN , NN ( NNP ) page replacement algorithm is a JJ algorithm that requires little JJ on the part of the operating system .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
since no modern sources treat the subject of `` NNP NNS '' as a separate ethnic group , the classification does not for all NNS and purposes exist .	19	20	VBZ	does	do
however , because of the 1985 NNS 's landmark status , the label VBZ in one form or another .	12	13	VBZ	persists	persist
the collections of NNP museum and art gallery and the british museum include pictures that he painted in NNP , NNP and wales .	1	12	VBP	include	includes
the competition , like the scottish cup , is currently a straight knockout format .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
though the song has a positive and VBG sound it is critical of contemporary television , especially with regard to frequent violence , and its effect on society .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
as NN approaches , NN and poor sleep patterns improve .	2	9	VBP	improve	improves
before , a deletion discussion is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
rock also VBZ cell migration by promoting cellular NN and thus JJ contacts .	0	2	VBZ	regulates	regulate
its appearance also differs greatly from that at a typical NN .	1	3	VBZ	differs	differ
my university has a bunch of them in the NN to create ac voltage of arbitrary frequency and NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the volunteers involve themselves in a unique activity called paper NN in which they collect old newspapers from houses in NNP and sell them to raise money , apart from setting up NNS , and designing and selling JJ cards .	1	2	VBP	involve	involves
the group makes its way to the NNP supreme 's spacecraft .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
the name is a tribute to the JJ NNP underground 's song .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
instead , each chapter contains a number of small sections , which offer a much JJR division of the prose .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
home teams are the red NNP ' NNS , the sugar kill gang , united states NNP service , and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as the NN has gradually increased , today the school has four NNS .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
song NNS NNP that their relationship is different .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in this game , the player is in control of planet NNP , which has attached a big baseball bat to itself .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
section 35 extends the availability of JJ orders ( sentences designed to VB young NNS ) .	0	2	VBZ	extends	extend
a face NN is a JJ procedure .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the two religions are very different and must be understood differently .	2	3	VBP	are	is
officially known as NNP NNP , the style incorporates joint locks , control and NN techniques , and NN strikes ( or `` pressure points '' ) .	7	8	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
that is , the length is the number of strict NNS , not the number of NNS ; these differ by 1 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the novel ends with leonard determined to find maria once more .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
NNP , in addition to VBG JJ NNS , also VBZ the complement system component NNP , and JJ NN products have some JJ NN VBG effects .	20	21	VBP	have	has
these suggestions make a lot of sense .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
some modules feature a JJ NN , often used for the JJS area of the layout , or as passing NNS in a single track layout .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
NNS argue that the problems of nuclear waste `` do not come anywhere close '' to approaching the problems of fossil fuel waste .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues
the default storage engine is NNP , which supports transactions and JJ integrity constraints .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the highest point is mount NNP , at .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP program is part of an international scientific collaborative effort with scientists from the united states , NNP , a consortium consisting of several european countries and canada , china , south korea , australia and new zealand ( NNP ) , and india .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
darwin 's use of NN suggests that plants are more JJ to humans than the reader might at first assume ; his emphasis on the NNS between NN and NN contributes to the evolutionary theme that runs throughout the poem .	7	8	VBP	are	is
celebrations include a widely attended NN , with boys VBN as the three kings , leading to the NNP chapel of the NNP near the NNP capital of NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these sites run NNP NNP NNS and are VBN with each other by two 10 NNP NNP connections .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the title comes from NNP 's NN about being a JJ art model ; models are employed by schools and are ultimately paid by the department for education .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the school 's mission is to provide a structured home for children who need a second chance at life , share christian values with them and to foster a JJ character .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the windows range in age from the late 14th or early 15th century to the 19th century .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
the discussion below indicates that the claims to fame have not generated the secondary sources required to establish independent notability .	1	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the game also lacks a formal ending .	1	3	VBZ	lacks	lack
if after the NNP period it remains tied during that time , the game still ends .	13	15	VBZ	ends	end
each NN is long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the relationships between NNP and buddhism are complex , as they influenced each other in many ways while often competing for influence .	1	6	VBP	are	is
redirect to final fantasy vii there is nothing here that needs its own article .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
the problem is the validity of measurements taken in one location under one set of conditions being used for a different location under different conditions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
VBG the preceding sentence , any such account is subject to the taxes imposed by section CD ( relating to NN of tax on unrelated business income of charitable , etc .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the issue is highly controversial in turkey .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
june 2004 a man claims that his daughter is missing .	3	4	VBZ	claims	claim
a plaque on the front of the building identifies it as the site on which `` VBG gas was first commercially manufactured in new england in 1828 .	1	8	VBZ	identifies	identify
NNP NN page refers to a non-notable and JJ NN ( `` a JJ person that has a preference for indian women '' ) that may be a racist expression amongst indian youth .	2	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the movements that come after these are usually pieces with JJ titles , not unlike NNP 's , highly varied in style and mood .	1	6	VBP	are	is
his career spans an era when science separated itself from religion and government became increasingly involved in the funding of medical education .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
the scientific name for NNP is NNP NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
volunteers usually have an interest in general science , or come from a science background .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the capital city , NNP , has around 54 , 400 inhabitants .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
while the concept of such an article is not a bad one , the current article fails to be neutral and verifiable ( verifiable in the sense that many of the acts are only JJ state terrorism without documentary evidence to back up the claim ) .	15	16	VBZ	fails	fail
the film , set in NNP NNP , consists of three continuous segments , each focusing on a group of characters whose relationships are revealed in the third segment .	1	8	VBZ	consists	consist
in contrast with the mediterranean climate , the dry season extends beyond the summer .	9	10	VBZ	extends	extend
the service allows the NN of VBG efforts for local news events and each station provides employees to the pool service in exchange for the sharing of video .	14	15	VBZ	provides	provide
the search specification in the link provided is incorrect .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
standard basis measurement is an operation in which information is gained about the state of the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most of the track has now VBN and VBN away but sections are still visible .	11	12	VBP	are	is
topics include economic development , diversity , and promotion of human rights .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
a new application is JJ home monitoring for the elderly and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the interactions defined by the model include actions on physical items , information NNS and financial transactions .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
they argue that such artifacts are absent from the fossil record from before 50 NN , indicating that earlier NNS lacked the cognitive skills required to produce such artifacts .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the original aspect of NNP island was of JJ sand , and the current NN environment of the island is the result of many years of work by residents .	15	19	VBZ	is	are
the lab is part of the computer science department and information trust institute .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the average age of NNP residents is 45 compared to the italian average of 42 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
while the link title is most likely NN , both the link and the article are misleading to readers who are not so informed about what wikipedia is and how it 's run .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the second chorus VBZ the JJ lyrics further and becomes JJ with vocal harmony .	2	3	VBZ	pushes	push
it means that there are instances in which a separate article is not necessary .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the meaning of the name is uncertain , but it is thought that if not a word for NNP ' it may be a variant of or linked to words meaning JJ power ' and POS ' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the interior still has some original doors and NN , but much of the wall material and NN are modern additions .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
power comes from two electric motors connected to NN batteries mounted underneath the floor .	0	1	VBZ	comes	come
the CD NN building , which can house up to 250 scientists , is home to NNS and clinical academics from the NNP centre for NNP medicine ( NNP ) , and applied scientists working with the scottish national blood NNP service and NNP cells .	3	13	VBZ	is	are
it is terrible , and the show VBZ after one performance .	6	7	VBZ	closes	close
moreover , NNP implies that a NN is a JJ objective quantum particle whose physical reality is no lesser than that of a NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
wind speeds vary during the year from 5 NNS ( 5 .	1	2	VBP	vary	varies
the right to be elected as a member in all institutions whose membership is by NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
there are at least 27 circular NN , and in some cases the interior of the NN is of fine NN NN .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the statue made by prominent hungarian sculptor NNP NNP depicts NNP with his famous NN in his hand .	1	9	VBZ	depicts	depict
several researchers consider NN closely related to earlier work on VBG JJ elements and techniques to JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	consider	considers
his mother is a native of texas , and his father emigrated from germany .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as automated processes become more JJ , the costs of advanced NNS are expected to decline to the point at which these materials will be used widely in electronic , machinery , and surface transportation equipment .	2	3	VBP	become	becomes
for the sake of NN , i think his earlier NNS made through arbitration are important information as well , and it might be VBG to add salary information in only the big contract and his current contract , without giving context on what he made prior .	10	14	VBP	are	is
fernando NNS explained that `` migration is n't only about people coming to places , VBG the american dream , but it is also about people being pushed out of places .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP , `` ( NNP 's interior ) meets the middle ages as an equal .	7	9	VBZ	meets	meet
he is known for his NN nova recordings although his work encompasses a large range of styles with NNS from musicians all over the world .	10	11	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
another opinion holds that the street was named for the NNS of judaism , christianity and islam , since the NNP tomb of NNP NNP in the nearby NNP NNP neighborhood was traditionally viewed as the burial site of NNS of the three JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the festival contributes to the development , NN and NN of the oldest part of the towns in NNP through music and entertainment .	1	2	VBZ	contributes	contribute
note how adjacent balls along each edge of the regular NN VBG the stack are all in direct contact with one another .	3	14	VBP	are	is
we are called to keep the order in the article namespace , yet we are not a formal dispute resolution unit and as such are concern is not so much to permanently solve problems as it is to NN a NN between VBG parties .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the purpose of the society is to promote musical education with particular reference to the horn .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's studios are located on pioneer road in NNP park ( address says NNP drive ) .	12	13	VBZ	says	say
the JJ claim is not credible .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the designs show an unusual lack of NN for NNP 's work , but the quality was no doubt present .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
while the above approach is technically correct , NNP notes that it is linear in the value of k and in general is not a good choice .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
even though parts are already excellent , i think the whole needs editing for style and NN by someone who knows the background well .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the top of the NN wall features a series of brick VBG arches , visible on the outside and built into the mass of the NN .	1	6	VBZ	features	feature
ip show activity that VBZ me to the ip , the ip is also static and to further the point my this accounts talk page and user page should have a history showing me editing it and stating it is indeed static .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the town still retains a RB shopping centre , with a varied selection of independent shops and restaurants .	1	3	VBZ	retains	retain
the hotel has 1 , 200 square metres ( 13 , 000 NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in NN an NN ion VBZ with an NN ion formed in NN by reaction of an NN with NN .	4	5	VBZ	reacts	react
the route is lined by spectators who hope to receive some of the gifts that the dancers VBP .	16	17	VBP	distribute	distributes
after leaving the forest , the state highway reaches its eastern terminus when state maintenance ends at an arbitrary location between two farms .	7	8	VBZ	reaches	reach
the new NNS in production now are NNP honey and NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP twist .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the head teacher is mrs r taylor .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the largest NN is the presbyterian church , followed by one third of the population .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the streams of bitter creek , east fork dry wood creek and west NNP branch run through this township .	1	15	VBP	run	runs
the simple present usually refers to a JJ action ( i go every day ) , a general rule ( water runs VBP ) , a future action in some subordinate NNS ( if i go ) or the historical present ( president signs bill ) .	2	4	VBZ	refers	refer
for some reason the indonesian language article is very poor -- but you can also look at the NN section of the malay article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
rarely , drugs such as NNS , NN , NN , NN , heavy metals , NN , and NNS cause NN NN .	2	20	VBP	cause	causes
the background is of NNP , but the woman was really standing at the world NNP festival 2006 , in NNP , austria .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the earthquake event is an 8 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's behaviour needs to be firmly addressed .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
if your comment means that all the JJ references should be removed , then i say so .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
these service providers provide coverage in the metropolitan markets of calgary , ab ( NNP wireless ltd .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides
the player has to be able to read the media in order to display it to a human .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
let him raise the problem on the talk page , and see how discussion goes for a limited time .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
the last part is what makes it JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the club plays its home matches at st NNP gaelic ground .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
favourite tactics include VBG and mass creation of user accounts .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the editors are a fellow who was the chairman of the political science department at a major mainstream university -- hardly the sort of position that attracts a biased , JJ person .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other than that , the refs need a little clean up ( some have some minor NN in the titles ) , and have a general NN done .	5	6	VBP	need	needs
the solution is to remove controversial information unless it is sourced .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these changes take effect at code evaluation time , using ( for instance ) the command `` JJ NN '' flag .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
the use of NN wheels requires that the VBG towers have a wide radius to avoid the JJ NNS collecting onto the VBG chamber walls .	1	5	VBZ	requires	require
NNP town , the capital of NNP state , has a population of approximately 2 .	1	9	VBZ	has	have
the pub is one of the only CD bars ' in europe , other CD bars ' include the caves of NNP in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the objective of NN with trace minerals is to avoid a variety of NN diseases .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
b algorithm takes into account all evidence .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
and that this must go on RB , unless a christian man of a particular NN goes into the battle and VBZ them , only then will they stay dead .	11	16	VBZ	goes	go
as is the case with an artist whose output is so extensive , there is quite a bit of debate regarding his `` best '' albums .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
from that perspective , the original crop has more encyclopedic value .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's mission is to create , foster , and preserve JJ space for artists and arts organizations .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school owns a spiritual retreat house in NNP , NNP .	1	2	VBZ	owns	own
during DT NNS , when the moon and sun 's JJ force NNS act in NN ( making a right angle to the earth 's orbit ) , the difference between high and low NNS is smaller .	29	35	VBZ	is	are
they occur when the corners form sequences ( one in each direction , starting from any point ) whose limits VBP on the same point .	4	5	VBP	form	forms
the delegate NN is proportional , the candidates are awarded delegates in proportion to the percentage of votes received .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
most people would think '' what on earth is a `` NN NNP NN '' NN is important the reader reads that section and does n't have any grey areas of understanding .	19	20	VBZ	reads	read
JJ temperature is around 37 degrees NNP ( 1 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some countries , such as argentina , australia , austria , belgium , brazil , canada , germany , india , malaysia , mexico , pakistan , russia , switzerland , nigeria , and the united states , link their JJ systems to their federal political structure .	1	38	VBP	link	links
the individual subject is where the focus of study is on , the investigation is centered on the one individual being treated .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the dynamic character of the development of NNP is to be identified NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
however , very few students arrive that far .	4	5	VBP	arrive	arrives
this canyon connects the NNP valley of new mexico with the san simon valley of arizona .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect
a man ought not to cover his head , since he is the image and glory of god ; but woman is the glory of man .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NNP s model that came with NNS suspension , black wheels and carbon fiber belt covers and front NN .	2	15	VBZ	covers	cover
NNS prefer areas with clay soil .	0	1	VBP	prefer	prefers
the name comes from the province of NNP and NNP current .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
dark energy produces a negative pressure .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
this observation is due to paul NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
direct trains also run to most major cities nearby including vienna , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP in slovenia , zagreb in croatia , prague in the czech republic , budapest in hungary and NNP in switzerland .	1	3	VBP	run	runs
NNP , the game is currently in its version 1 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some people , principally NNS , use the term folk mathematics to refer to the informal mathematics studied in many JJ studies of mathematics .	1	6	VBP	use	uses
internal NNS , JJ narrative , a smooth RB flow without being JJ to ridiculous NNS .	1	9	VBP	flow	flows
NNP 's most obvious difference from CD mind mapping software is that it provides a VBG interface have also reviewed 3d NNP .	4	10	VBZ	is	are
the novel intervention , by julian may , depicts a NN of the JJ anniversary of the impact , which was caused by the destruction of an JJ alien craft .	1	8	VBZ	depicts	depict
today , the tournament is a JJ NN tournament , with teams advancing from four NNS to the semifinals and final in salem .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the 2008 irish american football league ( NNP ) season is the 22nd season since its establishment .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
yet the activities of NN funds VBP to VB such efforts .	2	6	VBP	threaten	threatens
rugby union in the united states is a growing national sport .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a united nations report cites corruption , poverty and a lack of government control as causes for the jump .	3	4	VBZ	cites	cite
the specific scene involves the doctor , trying to maintain a low profile , telling craig ( the guest star character of the episode ) to let him stay ; to make his point as fast as possible , the doctor performs two `` JJ NN '' .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
the trio 's version features guitar lines in what many historians consider to be the first recorded example of intentionally VBN guitar in rock music , although blues NNS , such as willie johnson and pat NNP , had recorded with the same effect years earlier .	10	11	VBP	consider	considers
because young people are also often more likely to use drugs , the united nations office on drugs and crime ( NNP ) targets this population with a campaign to raise awareness about drug use and its connection to the spread of hiv and aids .	2	3	VBP	are	is
for a 3d NN , the parameters of NN size and layer NN are the things you need to specify , not JJ precision .	6	13	VBP	are	is
maybe the guys who made the theory need their own template .	2	7	VBP	need	needs
details of the NN of NNP and NNP suggest that the two are only RB related and that long NNS evolved independently in each lineage as a result of JJ evolution .	0	8	VBP	suggest	suggests
NNP 's discontinued NNP system ( front NNP ) is one of the more commonly seen examples .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
a shell and tube heat NN is a class of heat NN designs .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the name is common , and there seem to be several more notable persons with the same name .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the surviving descendants use the NNP family name , and include english and italian descent after NNP 's marriage to robert william NNP .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
as noted above , the `` controversy '' is entirely the work of one user .	6	8	VBZ	is	are
the weapon resembles a thick JJ NN NN with shark teeth .	1	2	VBZ	resembles	resemble
this new entrance serves to RB connect the large tower to the civic center at twelfth and NNP streets .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
NN the article says that after creating a new userspace draft `` you 'll see instructions on how to get your draft ready '' .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
a short time later , the girl VBZ in a NN and her desperate mother searches .	6	7	VBZ	disappears	disappear
a team of the same name currently plays `` old time base ball '' in historical NNS of the original version of the game .	1	7	VBZ	plays	play
the page seems to have been put together by VBG different parts from different sources without VBG them .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
it has become such a JJ sight that the bbc website even has a page for CD things you can do with all those VBN royal mail rubber bands ' .	10	12	VBZ	has	have
theory is only NN of the NN that is actually observed by NNS .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
however , the restriction of the covering families to balls gives a different measure .	3	10	VBZ	gives	give
NN links link to the same article on another language edition of the same wiki and appear in the NN ( on the default skin ) .	1	2	VBP	link	links
physical characteristics include a NN and sand NN ridge on its southwestern shore .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the plate has an VBN JJ shape .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this area is home to quite a few JJ residential buildings , with more planned .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the external drive has inherently better cooling , but adding a powerful case fan to the internal hard disk could more than overcome this diff .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this standard JJ answer allows that JJ acts such as walking can be performed by humans but not by a deity .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow
the biggest producers of airport buses are in china ( NNP , NNP , beijing , NNP ) , portugal and slovenia .	2	6	VBP	are	is
i 've listed this article for peer review because the article is ( according to most people i saw reviewing the article ) almost there to the good article status , and i want to help take the article to that status .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
i understand you 're ten and your contributions are valuable , but please stop nominating articles for fac that have n't been through an JJ peer review first .	7	8	VBP	are	is
my first thought is that there would be no harm in VBG the ban while NNP remains blocked .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the men employed for this job are successful in VBG ' five addresses out of every six and view NNP 's casual skill at it with something approaching NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is
in australia , this term refers to the NNS , an unrelated NN family .	4	5	VBZ	refers	refer
this question is a generic one , not directly related to bruce NNP - i just want to understand current consensus better ( and is is difficult ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the origins of the western term prefecture being used to describe japanese NNS date from 15th century portuguese contact with japan , whereby the word NN was used to very roughly describe japanese NNS , in portuguese the original meaning was more JJ to municipalities than provinces .	1	13	VBP	date	dates
a further problem is that i am having trouble VBG the information in the article .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP assembly constituency is a constituency of andhra pradesh legislative assembly , india .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the grape NN is part of the traditional cuisine of german immigrants to the region .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the name can easily be a NN , and he says he edited from a NN where CD other people live .	19	20	VBP	live	lives
delete this list is ugly , of very low utility , and , as nom .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many initiatives to VB human pressures on the coastal regions of NNP and seas is the coastal zone management unit ( NNP ) .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
a category firearms are those that do not fall into any other category , and are the vast majority of legally owned firearms in new zealand .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this type of attack is more difficult to defend against than a simple JJ bomb because of the multiple source addresses and the possibility of each NN computer sending a different message or VBG NN techniques to defeat spam NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
romance is a novel written by joseph conrad and ford NNP ford .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this effort is a part of a larger NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ length ranges from long , the tail adding .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the programme has , however , attracted criticism regarding the effect its graphic and explicit NNS of rape have had on those who have themselves been VBN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the ultimate consequence is to run out of time and be `` turned off '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this category is for public NNS in iowa , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the point in the cook case is that it never went anywhere near a prod or afd , it was moved as it was a unreferenced blp .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
race NNS are extremely rare because it is generally viewed as unfair to protect a party who had actual notice of a prior NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
schools in and around NNP take part in this tournament .	0	5	VBP	take	takes
the only university at NNP is NNP university ( largest university of NNP ) located near NNP established by NN and the then education minister s n NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
this fundamental discovery is the NN to understanding the molecular mechanism by which organisms can produce a diverse repertoire of NNS to VB new NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a type of citation is better than no citation at all !	1	4	VBZ	is	are
unsuccessful NNS ( in JJ order of earliest nomination ) include such established writers as john NNP , v .	1	10	VBP	include	includes
other higher educational institutions are branches .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the patterns , even in JJ NNS , have the minor figures drawn very carefully .	1	8	VBP	have	has
according to the data presented by the highways agency , this amount of traffic is greater than that presently using the main NNP hyde road through NNP .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
like in the previous movies , where a mouse installation is directly below its human installation counterpart , the newspaper offices the mice work in is directly underneath the newspaper offices the humans work in .	32	33	VBP	work	works
a butterfly then makes its way into the room as NNP 's NN , baby gerald , VBZ it on the wall with a NN and draws a box around it with a NN .	1	3	VBZ	makes	make
my reasons for the nomination are clear in my nomination ( fails bio ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is
RB performs it , it becomes a tour de force , and a stern NN to those of us who might have forgotten that passion is the ruler of man , not reason .	14	25	VBZ	is	are
most physicians prefer to measure a NN NN level because of the ease of measurement and the considerable time commitment of formal NN tolerance testing , which takes two hours to complete and offers no JJ advantage over the VBG test .	1	2	VBP	prefer	prefers
so , much of the game is spent with forces going about JJ missions while reaction forces attempt to find them and force them to battle , or to VB their mission .	16	17	VBP	attempt	attempts
the ideal gas concept is useful because it VBZ the ideal gas law , a simplified equation of state , and is JJ to analysis under statistical mechanics .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an 1858 map of the area shows four of the six houses already complete , and by 1876 another map shows all of them .	19	20	VBZ	shows	show
a problem with such a rating system is that the act of cutting NNS the knife - so once a knife had been rated , it would no longer be as sharp as it was .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the order of the lyrics on the record is the same order in which they were picked .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
nelson acknowledged that his JJ views are JJ with many other intelligent design advocates .	5	6	VBP	are	is
he competed with fifth year senior tim sherman , whose father tom was wide NNS coach , brooks was the starter in 1997 .	14	15	VBP	coach	coaches
the past and present are constantly VBN in the house in paris , and the middle section , `` the past , '' is an JJ history .	16	23	VBZ	is	are
NNP article is my top edited page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the designs feature the flight of the angel victor - messenger of st .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
a place that is technically part of another country sometimes uses a different currency from that of the parent country .	1	10	VBZ	uses	use
upon a visit to VB PRP NNP ' ( NNP ) , the NNS learn that the winter king is using NNP 's box to create the JJ JJ ' , his principal servants , from the citizens of lands conquered by himself .	13	14	VBP	learn	learns
strong keep a latin american NN is a notable person .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
although there 's never been an official , retail dvd release , as of 2012 the film is available on NNP ( manufacture on demand ) dvd and as a digital download from warner archive .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
when there are only one or two major parties , but a relatively large number of minor parties that , combined , achieve a significant share of the total proportional vote , but fail to elect any constituency seats , the large parties often end up with NN seats .	42	44	VBP	end	ends
a full reunion is no longer a possibility with the october 2004 death of palmer and the january 2009 death of martin .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i would like to see one of the two NNS restored so that readers may gain a NN understanding of what the game is like .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
both articles VBP with the same user .	1	2	VBP	originate	originates
the NNP stage is the extension of the theological stage .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP district bears the name NNP .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
his other books are buildings of NNP , english NNP ( with ronald NNP ) and english stone building .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the award goes to the nation 's top running back .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
episodes are 50 minutes , except the 2006 christmas special which is 92 minutes .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP ( `` seems to have the upper hand between the two '' ) , but while she `` is able to VB from any range and even JJ high attacks and NNS , the damage she VBZ is minor .	35	38	VBZ	is	are
but this kind of nationalist pov is in my opinion clearly not acceptable .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
although these practices are common in chinese medicine , there are no current studies that have VBN the effectiveness of these treatments .	2	3	VBP	are	is
their official website as of 2012 is currently JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a thin NN NN ( a piece of bone on the lower side of the skull VBG two NN ) is present in specimens from NNP , but not in those from NNP .	3	20	VBZ	is	are
the dictionary on my computer , based on the oxford dictionary , says that it probably influenced by the NNP company .	1	12	VBZ	says	say
the film also features the original track by ross NNP , sr .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the state government provides complete information about district boundaries , but this information can be made more accessible and available in various forms .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
note that the site looks to be one that VBZ press releases given this link .	3	4	VBZ	looks	look
the town 's name means mouth of the NNP river in russian , with the name `` NNP '' coming from an NNP word meaning `` NN NN '' .	3	4	VBZ	means	mean
although the film lacks a clear storyline , NNP andrew argues that the film is `` more than just pretty pictures '' .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
it is written as two values if the NN is for NNS or progressive NNS - these are the JJ distances for the distance and near NN ( essentially , the upper and lower part of the NNS ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the resolution of the internet telescope is dependent on the number of dark addresses it VBZ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the village is 8 miles from NNP and 3 miles from NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
natural gas also is a major contributor to economic NN , with direct links to jobs , tax NNS , gross domestic product , industrial production and lower energy costs .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
there are two versions of this music video , the longer version includes two band members talking in the beginning .	11	12	VBZ	includes	include
the filter consists of VBG sections of NN and NN lines which VBP to the series NNS and NN NNS in the JJ implementation .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this region is rich in NN fields , rice NNS and milk .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think the user needs a block for NNP and a final warning about NNP and if its JJ they should be blocked until they understand NNP .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
the [ [ NNP NNP ] ] article currently makes the simple statement that he was found to be a `` JJ NN '' by a british court .	7	9	VBZ	makes	make
JJ fire is a military NN that consists in targeting , with one 's own artillery , the one of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
although NNP struggles briefly with his portrayal of elvis NNP , overall the shoot goes well .	13	14	VBZ	goes	go
medical students who fail to manage their stress levels have a NN to be less JJ in their work .	1	9	VBP	have	has
in the mathematical classification of finite groups , a thin group is a finite group such that for any odd prime the NNP NNS of the JJ NNS are JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
mi groups are highly interactive , focused on positive change , and NN group processes for VBG and supporting positive change .	13	14	VBZ	processes	process
the complex array of freshwater and JJ lakes , JJ areas , and wet meadows , provide habitat and large , JJ , NNS for a variety of wildlife species .	14	16	VBP	provide	provides
these expenses VBP additional expenses such as NN expenses .	1	2	VBP	exclude	excludes
the NN that has been added to the article is most definitely or .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
some institutions still offer 6 year VBD NNP .	1	3	VBP	offer	offers
the 2009 pacific coast league season is a season in american baseball .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the standard of NN and NN amongst the NNS is very high .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the focus is due to the depth of focus ( NN on the NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the monitoring device VBZ off the transmitter when the antenna shows incorrect behavior , e .	2	3	VBZ	switches	switch
this guard sets up the escape , gives him some soap , and leaves a NN outside the camp fence with bread and cheese and a NN in it .	1	2	VBZ	sets	set
today , oxford 's athletic teams are members of the georgia junior college athletic association and the national junior college athletic association .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNP is trapped inside the central power battery and the NNS have the secrets they 've stolen VBN by the NNP .	10	11	VBP	have	has
the NNP mine is a large mine located in the northern part of NNP in NNP province .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
suspicious , the former presidents force the pilot to land the helicopter .	4	5	VBP	force	forces
his films include the NNS killer at large and this divided state as well as several other narrative features .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
most `` JJ '' flags consist of a square wire frame VBN with black NN , which VBZ any reflected light and keeps the flag lightweight .	4	5	VBP	consist	consists
military NNS allow to evaluate the legal position of JJ soldiers , functioning of legal NNS of a temporary character and the NNS between the statutory law and JJ law in poland .	1	2	VBP	allow	allows
in spite of his trainer 's concern when he sees NNP in a television interview , training by VBG sides of beef in a meat NN plant , apollo puts more effort into giving everyone a good show rather than training for the bout .	16	29	VBZ	puts	put
the soap NN is an NNP where tags are the NNP protocol data .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP has been known to sing many songs before even the game begins .	11	12	VBZ	begins	begin
at the same time , NNP becomes JJ when her friend and NNP star NNP NNP ( jane NNP ) takes credit for `` that 's a deal NNP , ladies !	10	20	VBZ	takes	take
the campus has a variety of plants including those with JJ properties .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
processes such as attention , perception and memory , and operations such as integration and NN of information are internal to the system .	0	18	VBP	are	is
the episode follows stan who is unhappy with steve 's passive behavior , so he VBZ as a RB for steve to VB him up , despite NNP 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
these former post towns , along with castle and harbor towns , form a major category of cities in japan .	3	12	VBP	form	forms
the obvious problem with that approach is that is simply VBZ the guide that you do not become involved in any thing with drama potential if you can avoid it .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
some style guides say to spell out numbers less than 100 and all that can be written in one or two words .	2	3	VBP	say	says
the english version now has close to 800 , 000 articles , including tens of thousands on canadian topics ( including one on yourself ) .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
it is true that they have the JJS of lines and are usually built of the JJS materials ; but even with these NNS , JJ lines and carefully VBN masses combined with the NN materials may in JJ hands make a village school building a thing of beauty .	26	40	VBP	make	makes
its premier team , NNP saints , competes in the NNP premiership and won the european championship in 2000 by defeating munster for the NNP cup , CD .	2	7	VBZ	competes	compete
genes definitely have some sort of impact on NN .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the NN usually involves a friendly person approaching their chosen victim , offering quality NN made clothes for cheaper than in department stores .	1	3	VBZ	involves	involve
the NNPS and the birds , the protagonist is victorious prior to the NN and after the NN is usually shown implementing his reforms .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
efficiency funds tend to require a relatively short NN period and are typically not used to engage the broader campus community .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
codes are generally four to six NNS in length , however short codes have no fixed length .	0	1	VBP	are	is
a traditional dish is the NNP con NNP di NNP NNP or simply NNP al NNP NNP ( european NNP NN NNP ) , a fish grown in lake NNP , prepared with white wine , NN , NN and wheat .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this compilation contains the previously JJ hard rock cover of the beatles song `` NNP '' , recorded in 1988 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the boundary with NNP and NNP is to the northeast of fiji and consists of four JJ segments , defined by five individual coordinate points .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
jack decides that he does n't want to wait for brad , and the ceremony continues .	14	15	VBZ	continues	continue
the JJS part is the JJ guilt and NN i will force on my family and friends .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
wikipedia editor tells us is relevant to a topic he may have invented altogether - ie , a synthesis .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the website VBZ users by sex and screens comments and advertisements to prevent NN .	1	2	VBZ	separates	separate
each string ends at the first occurrence of the JJ character of the appropriate kind ( NN or NN ) .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
these highways provide links for state and interstate freight , personal travel and tourism , and most routes have higher traffic than most other states .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
i would bet the number is far higher .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
another advantage of NNS compared to table service is that NNS have a great deal of choice and the ability to closely VB food before VBG it .	10	11	VBP	have	has
it is a NN VBG liquid with an NN described as JJ , JJ ; the name comes from the genus name NNP , which is the latin word for pepper .	16	17	VBZ	comes	come
my personal opinion here is neutral , perhaps VBG slightly towards keep .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the largest NN cut from it is a JJ diamond .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the company , synthesis technology , also offers a limited number of modules in NNP and NNP format .	1	7	VBZ	offers	offer
the facade is an JJ essay in which a double NN , NNP order over roman NNP with NNS behind them , VBZ the bases of the corner towers with the NN ; this fully VBG statement was made at the height of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bacteria are really good at this .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the school has joint accreditation by the western association of schools and colleges ( NNP ) and the western catholic education association ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
examples of such `` natural '' club goods include natural NNS with very high fixed costs , private golf courses , NNS , cable television and social clubs .	0	8	VBP	include	includes
some people point to communist involvement as a `` justification '' for the NNP 's action .	1	2	VBP	point	points
young birds resemble the female but have VBN NNS to the JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	resemble	resembles
the largest spring is the NNP at the foot of the NNP , in NNP NNP valley .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these results are consistent with maxwell 's equations and are more than only ray NN found in JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
transferred from the connecticut department of environmental protection ( NNP ) in 2008 , current activities on the property include studies of JJ grape NN varieties , the cultivation of NN for NN production and the NN of soil NNS .	15	19	VBP	include	includes
as a NN to this page i was VBN to find that all NN is RB VBN , even on the talk page any JJ comment or suggestion seems to be immediately deleted .	25	28	VBZ	seems	seem
the population is mostly concentrated on the banks of JJ canal leaving the inner NNP little JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
such a warning seems to be in line with consensus , and VBZ the VBG half the above described problem .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the encounter appears in numerous NNP works such as john NNP 's play NNP .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
as in all NNP , individual flowers consist of a JJ NN made up of four united NNS VBN with the NNS , and one long NN NN .	6	7	VBP	consist	consists
one role of a wikiproject is to help eliminate JJ content in its area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
comment - most hits on google show this article and the NN wikipedia mirrors .	3	6	VBP	show	shows
lack of awareness of NNS is a problem , but currently , it is a problem that is JJ .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
however , the NN population is under threat due to growing demand for NN coupled with lack of enforcement of the ban on hunting in the reserve .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a few major characters from sword NNP with royal blood also appear in his final novel the deer and the NNP as minor characters .	3	11	VBP	appear	appears
the school serves 7th to 12th grade .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
males grow to a maximum total length of with a tail length of .	0	1	VBP	grow	grows
delete no evidence in the article ( or anywhere else ) that this is a notable character .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
again , all a user has to do is visit their individual wiki page where the person 's place of birth is clearly stated .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the municipal president is the chairman of the city council and represents the municipality to the state and federal government , promoting rules and NNS for the proper operation and control of life of the inhabitants of the municipality of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since she had to reach the JJ age of 7 before her NN in may CD , and that of 12 before her marriage in january CD , the evidence suggests that she was born between may and november CD .	29	30	VBZ	suggests	suggest
this method offers little in the terms of size control or function NN .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
commuter rail ( marc ) this service operates three lines that provide commuter rail service to riders out of and into baltimore , washington , d .	1	7	VBZ	operates	operate
other cases illustrate NN in the NNP NN not previously shown for NNP NN , including hearing loss , absence of JJ NNS , and mild global delays .	1	2	VBP	illustrate	illustrates
special features include a JJ NNP , director cuts with NNP o'brien and NNP NNP , auto tune music video , deleted scenes , and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
they VBP in knowledge questions and will try to answer any question in the universe ( except how to use wikipedia , since that is what this help page is for ) .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
in 2007 , she appeared in the film NNP NNP NNP and she appeared in NN movie my name is khan .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the irish name for NNP , , means `` church of NNP '' , named after an NN of saint patrick .	2	7	VBZ	means	mean
popular choices for egg consumption are chicken , duck , NN , NN , and NN , but the egg most often consumed by humans is the chicken egg , by a wide margin .	19	25	VBZ	is	are
the problem of course , if we do nothing , is that the user will carry on regardless with his disruptive editing .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP exploration is highly JJ , VBG on the JJ power of ore genesis models to search for NN in JJ virgin ground .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
magazine area appears to be an auto NN , although intact , appears to be a large garage , auto VBG building erected over the magazine .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the song VBZ the singer 's NN for a JJ place that will `` keep me FW ' , keeps me VB ' with some energy '' .	1	2	VBZ	expresses	express
songs often have an NN section characterized by a very loud , highly technical JJ NN , which is repeated after the chorus .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the NN problem is an instance of JJ programming ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the revived NNS include ancient NNS of thailand like NN , NN ( NN ) , NN , NN ( mixture of NN and NN patterns ) , NN ( hang NNP ) and plain silk cloth .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the day of that battle , june 28 , is now a state holiday known as carolina day .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
comment i would like to point out that the above user is most likely a sockpuppet and the account has only responded in a limited number of afds .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the community is entirely latin catholic and VBZ the christ the king church of NNP diocese .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another protein - NNP - which is RB unrelated to NNS appears to be involved in the organisation of the JJ NNS .	1	11	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP generally provides a VBG view , and some specific articles are quite JJ .	10	11	VBP	are	is
NNS that a kosovo basketball biography related article needs expansion .	5	8	VBZ	needs	need
in the NNP field , west of santa maria , RB and JJ units contain a considerable amount of oil , while JJ and JJ NNS contain almost none .	13	14	VBP	contain	contains
the base of the shell is very broad , RB rounded , somewhat VBN at the narrow NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the university traces its history from NNP chinese medical NNP school established in 1934 and NNP NNP vocational school established in 1953 .	1	2	VBZ	traces	trace
each character has the same NN as they did in sonic the NNP 3 and sonic and NNP , with the addition of a NN attack .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
both periods celebrate and VBP the regions unique tropical island like lifestyle .	1	2	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately north-east of NNP and south-east of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
membership in a theological society is not a criteria for notability .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
the second and third sentences , however , are correct .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the protein has two approximately JJ domains , separated by a flexible `` NN '' region .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
we really can say these thirteen minutes are equal to the a side of the first ash NNP NNP record .	6	7	VBP	are	is
administrators are a very loosely defined group , and as in any other group , a few admins presumably have VBN their position .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN leaders are quite happy to position themselves as capable of selling expensive homes , though .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in order to determine if these accounts are socks we need you to provide diffs as evidence .	6	7	VBP	are	is
surely the team is notable to those who participate in it and play against it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the church is a stone box with NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the boots VBP to the NNS at the NNS only .	1	2	VBP	attach	attaches
the italian NN frog , NNP NN ' , also known as the NNP 's frog , is a true frog endemic to the plains of northern italy , the extreme southern tip of switzerland , the JJ region of slovenia , and adjacent croatia .	3	17	VBZ	is	are
this may be considered a desirable outcome in cases where the party to the lawsuit is an organization with a JJ membership and political perspective .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
according to common interpretations , the story VBZ the question of how a person 's NN point may affect their ethical choices .	6	7	VBZ	poses	pose
he was at the same time accused of VBG for the death of the earl of morton , and was VBN ( held under house arrest ) at VBG castle ( another source says loch NNP castle ) .	32	33	VBZ	says	say
the system includes three schools , american indian public charter school ( NNP ) , a 5th JJ grade school , the school system has two campuses .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
qualification for the 2013 united states women 's NNP championship consists of three different paths .	0	10	VBZ	consists	consist
NNP decides that the main problem she has with men relates to the fact that she can not VB .	5	10	VBZ	relates	relate
the village is one of seven places claiming to be the geographical centre of france .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if anybody has any specific suggestions , please note them -- i think the most important thing is to make it clear that this is an article on hip hop music with a summary of the history of hip hop music .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the law indicates that text NN , VBG , etc .	1	2	VBZ	indicates	indicate
the term gets hits on google news , and i have faith that it will be NNP .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
descendants of NNP khan 's horses remain in great number in mongolia .	0	6	VBP	remain	remains
in the JJ sense and why every site has a NN is that no one takes responsibility for outside link .	14	15	VBZ	takes	take
prior to their NN NNS , the monks still in training wear a JJ NN .	7	11	VBP	wear	wears
the only radio station operating out of NNP is NNP , an adult contemporary station run by rogers media .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the school website has a news page where notes given to school children can be viewed .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
his primary military specialty is JJ instructor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNS , the teams meet together for what is known as rope run , which is a sort of NN rally in preparation for pull .	3	4	VBP	meet	meets
the male is black and the female very dark brown .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in geometry , NNP 's NN is an NN relating the distances between certain points of a triangle .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the most appropriate stub category currently available is NNP stubs , but there are already nearly 300 `` NN '' stubs , of which only a handful are NNS ' .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
a sign on the church grounds is a primary source , and i can upload a picture of the sign to wikimedia commons if that will help .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP education system provides up to three years of JJ kindergarten and in NNP there were 28 children in kindergarten .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide
the solar panels bring electricity to communities which are located `` far off the grid , '' allowing them to have NNS filled with NNS , water NNS , and light NNS .	2	3	VBP	bring	brings
JJ pressure is the pressure in the water around the NN ( or the air , with JJ workers etc .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a benefit for `` the 21st NNP '' project to help create a special needs community for people with down syndrome .	1	14	VBZ	needs	need
this definition also applies when one of these NNS is infinite , or both if they have the same sign .	1	3	VBZ	applies	apply
evidence submitted by NNP the intersection of edited articles makes it clear these are the same NN for instance , NN created this article , NN removed a prod .	0	9	VBZ	makes	make
the pov pushing and blp violations are JJ to the project .	5	6	VBP	are	is
its reef has a roughly JJ shape .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the belgian football champions are the winners of the highest league in belgian football , i .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a museum informs visitors about the school 's past .	1	2	VBZ	informs	inform
passive visual warnings are the NNS on the vehicle .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the tower is about 40 m high and is also used to create water pressure for NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i was not saying we take it on faith that the man is notable .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS are the result of dealing with the layer of NN known to the area and still managing to honor the dead .	1	2	VBP	are	is
compared to their NNP counterparts , NNP ' values tend to be based more on those of their social group than on an independent internal set of ethics .	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
there is little NN in average temperatures though the winter months from december to march are JJ more cool .	10	15	VBP	are	is
i am pretty sure the sounds in the youtube link are JJ NNP - but i may be incorrect .	5	10	VBP	are	is
the trail once again follows the plateau to the west , with level hiking for the next several miles .	1	4	VBZ	follows	follow
the show consists of three JJ shorts .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
our mission is to preserve , VB , and advance slavic village as a JJ diverse neighborhood .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the men under the NNP NNP NNP seem to be the same as the NNP NNS ( NN from NNP under the command of master NNP ) .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems
the team is the first minor league basketball franchise to play in fort wayne since the fort wayne NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
he added , however , that aside from the NN 's effective failure to present a viable case , `` the evidence suggests that NN is a method of learning which is available to anyone regardless of their religious or philosophical NN .	21	22	VBZ	suggests	suggest
many men try to VB into the NNS , but NNP will not allow them .	1	2	VBP	try	tries
other works in her NN include the music video for new JJ musician NNP lane 's 2006 release `` choices '' and most recently she directed and VBD NNP manning 's new music video .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the village consists mostly of JJ housing and has a few public facilities .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
australian NNP 's main national competition for members is the `` sidney NNP speaking competition '' .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
this list also VBZ NNS in competitive sport ( UH to NNS in motor racing racing ) with JJ NNS - the risk NNS are not in any way comparable .	23	24	VBP	are	is
however the principal connection is via the river NNP , which joins the river NNP at NNP , to the east of the centre of berlin .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some audio formats feature a combination of a JJ format and a NN NN which when combined VBP the original signal ; the NN can be stripped , leaving a smaller , RB VBN , file .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
in that article , co and NNP are used to produce NN , but the reaction with water gives NNP and 2 NNP .	15	18	VBZ	gives	give
the b sections feature a short falling NN and also incorporate material from the introduction of the movement , measures CD .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
scouts take an active part in rural education and help with instruction in adult literacy classes .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
the award is also for the studio .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the variety is lower VBG than spring wheat , with NNS about 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP interface cartridge is an expansion port device for connecting NNP ( NNP ) devices to the NNP or NNP computers .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the reason behind wallace 's lack of hair is unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
all three terms are in use today , and they all have slightly different NNS of meaning , depending on the context in which they are used .	2	3	VBP	are	is
however , among other things , the future looks good for growing teeth .	7	8	VBZ	looks	look
also , this book is not a type that would refer to simply every animation on earth - no , this book refers to the most influential and JJ about anime and manga series that have influenced several aspects of society .	21	22	VBZ	refers	refer
although the narrator is a NNP from cincinnati , the statue seems to VB the comfort some take in the JJ war order .	10	11	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP NN , the NNP ' pine or NNP NN ( CD pine ' in spanish ) , is a species of NN in the NNP family .	12	18	VBZ	is	are
one of the key reasons for the widespread adoption is the perceived economic benefit the technology brings to farmers , including those in developing nations .	15	16	VBZ	brings	bring
our main goal is to create , VB , update and maintain articles and other wikipedia pages related to guitarist NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the other three species separated later from each other and are thus partially compatible to each other .	3	10	VBP	are	is
the average class size is 18 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the treatment of NN is dependent on whether or not the person is stable or unstable .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
results show that president NNP NNP NNP won by the NN of NNS were released on april 19 .	0	1	VBP	show	shows
a defense NN is a drawing technique in which the side behind in material or otherwise at a NN sets up a NN , largely or wholly composed of a NN chain , that the opponent can not VB .	10	19	VBZ	sets	set
i would suggest getting rid of the graph and keeping only the table , or if you really like the graph , VBP the table so that the list of years is vertical rather than horizontal .	28	31	VBZ	is	are
men 's varsity sports include basketball , NN , and golf ; women 's varsity sports include basketball , NN , softball , tennis , and volleyball ; men 's club sports include soccer .	15	16	VBP	include	includes
services include skilled nursing services , NN management , chronic illness care , wound care , NNP monitoring , rehabilitation services , JJ care and additional support services .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
mine is not a holy war ( 2006 ) first released on august 22 , 2006 via download through itunes .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
in addition , army historians maintain the organizational history of army units , allowing the center to provide units of the regular army , the army national guard , and the army reserve with NNS of their lineage and honors and other historical material concerning their organizations .	4	5	VBP	maintain	maintains
the top three placed teams move on to the next round .	4	5	VBP	move	moves
the overall sound of these two tracks sounds closer to country , VBG the country rock movement to follow as well as dylan 's next album , nashville NNP .	2	7	VBZ	sounds	sound
while state quarters are representative of a state 's culture , they are in no way official symbols of the state and are separate from the official breed designation .	17	22	VBP	are	is
the main problem is that it is JJ of facts and does n't explain ( to the general reader ) how and why .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the song is a JJ ballad that VBZ a picture of a man standing in the rain , watching as his loved one VBZ away .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
coastal NNS are young and dynamic , and may be short-lived in geological terms .	1	2	VBP	are	is
each page reveals its subject 's essential information , such as attack strength for weapons , health points for enemies , local NN for maps , and personal NNS and goals for people .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal
this article deals with NNP energy issues .	1	2	VBZ	deals	deal
some critics have argued that research based on NNP NNS remains entirely JJ and fails to provide NNS for social processes .	5	10	VBZ	remains	remain
accurate measurement of the blood pressure is important .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
where the west end of CD street curves into the south end of riverside drive , the memorial to eleanor roosevelt stands in riverside park .	17	21	VBZ	stands	stand
similarly , many non-profit websites are desperate for page hits .	4	5	VBP	are	is
however , after NNP VBZ the house for a fifth and final exploration , these symptoms VBP .	15	16	VBP	disappear	disappears
the dual space is also complete , and so it is a NNP space in its own right .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the unincorporated communities of east richmond heights , NNP , NNP heights , and el NNP lie to the east .	2	16	VBP	lie	lie
the titles of peers are in the form of ( rank ) ( name of title ) or ( rank ) of ( name of title ) .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the street is a border between NNP and NNP districts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
names of files are largely JJ NNS .	0	3	VBP	are	is
many other fish species occur in NNP sound , such as NNS , NNS , various sharks , rays , and NNS .	3	4	VBP	occur	occurs
over CD NNS of lead ore were VBN and the main shaft goes down 700 feet .	11	12	VBZ	goes	go
NNS , together with NNP , NNP , and NNP counties form the NNP .	10	11	VBP	form	forms
if you do n't think any topic is too trivial for this project , then i suggest there 's not much merit in discussing whether such an irrelevant quality as notability can or can not be inherited .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
in the 2004 star trek dvd sets , NNP seemed to have made up with NNP , but their differences continue to VB .	19	20	VBP	continue	continues
whilst the NN is unknown , it is thought that the hoax was aimed at VBG 19th century debate on JJ generation by VBG the transformation of NN to biological matter .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
not all topics need an article of their own , however .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
this place name appears in a number of places .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
a consistent theory which has the property that every consistent extension is JJ is said to be essentially JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
if you examine the NN close up ( maybe using a NN , but RB when no one is inside them ) , you will see lots of little NNS all locked together but with air spaces between the NNS .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the set includes a NN , three NN NNS , and a large NNP rock monster .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
approaching the horizon , the sky becomes increasingly VBN into a circle , so that it would appear that one was looking up at it from the center of a perfectly black bowl .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
the whole idea of a wiki is that we keep JJ NNS in mainspace where editors can find them and work upon them .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the book includes archive interviews and photographs as well as extensive NNS from a NNP tv documentary VBN by taylor also titled it was twenty years ago today .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the department also provides trained medical specialists to the army 's combat medical units , which are assigned directly to JJ commanders .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide
the NNP field is one of the three cricket fields in thailand where thailand 's premier league matches are played .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a new model has recently VBN in the literature regarding the NNP axis ( structures in the brain that get activated in response to stress ) since this model is highly provisional , further research is still needed .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
the JJ seat is cathedral church of st george the NNP , jerusalem .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN face curve ( also known as `` mid NN '' ) in audio signal processing , is a target frequency response curve characterized by JJ low and high frequencies coupled with reduced NN frequency power .	3	18	VBZ	is	are
the NNP casey article clearly contains a biased NN against bill NNP , the clinton administration , and her in particular .	3	5	VBZ	contains	contain
her words are JJ as her words .	1	2	VBP	are	is
prince of NNP is a fantasy novel by NNP NNP , the fourth in a series of four based on the welsh NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
its sports teams participate in the regional NNP league .	2	3	VBP	participate	participates
other us hosts VBP in talk radio comedy , such as phil NNP , who voices his own fictional guests and occasionally VBZ other programs .	2	3	VBP	specialize	specializes
the hotel RB offers 86 JJ rooms with four NNS , 25 executive NN rooms and 57 `` superior '' rooms to suit all NN of guests .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
the games come in NNS resembling the original game boy ones , with a typical size of CD , although JJ NNS are available , containing 4 normal NNP games plus a selection menu , and have a maximum size of CD .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
opponents of the project believe that the proposed auburn dam will also VB urban JJ east of sacramento and NN from the proposed dam .	0	4	VBP	believe	believes
student associations of chinese universities are mostly under the leadership of communist youth league of china , which to a large extent limit its function as an organization purely belonging to students themselves .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the island is almost JJ ( one NN tree in 1995 ) , and covered by grass and JJ vegetation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the social interactions on NNP VBP around groups that connect people who care about similar issues .	2	5	VBP	revolve	revolves
the idea is that the lead is a summary so the refs will be found in the article itself .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
its name is a reference to the large peace pipes which were VBN by the NNP who used to gather here in large numbers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when NN activities become widespread , it would be known as a development circle .	2	3	VBP	become	becomes
the blue VBD rabbit makes many appearances in later episodes .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make
the connection of that line to NNP is a later development .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
his teachings are very direct , practical , simple , and down to earth .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the port NNP ecological society ( NNP ) , a JJ organization , works alongside the city to promote ecological awareness in the area .	11	13	VBZ	works	work
it 's an article about the actual thing that the phrase VBZ , a hand job .	10	11	VBZ	denotes	denote
two NNP locomotives survive , but neither retains the original NNP engine .	2	3	VBP	survive	survives
east of florence the original route is now county highway 66 through downtown NNP and NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
light from the source enters one side , VBZ with the sample ( usually also temperature controlled ) in the magnetic field , and NNS through the opposite window to the NN .	0	4	VBZ	enters	enter
a toy dc motor has to VB pretty fast to make enough voltage .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the photo is from the wwe hall of fame or associated event .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the report refers to the reserve bank 's NN of the national impact of the crisis , `` that the disruption is expected to result in a temporary reduction in national NNP growth of around 0 .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
the rules exist to ensure that the collaborative encyclopedia is built correctly .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists
keep the article provides good information about unified communications and is VBN well by good references .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
merge with wing , NNP , this is a tiny stub .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
utc ) because dispute is JJ NNP ( contribs ) dr goes to NNP !	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his favorite musician is mary j .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today , NNP consists of a few farms , including NNP hill farm , lower NNP and NNP ridge farm , but in the valley below , NNS of the old settlement remain .	27	32	VBP	remain	remains
NNP 's major sponsors include cambridge precision , NNP land NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
in black and white , the image is stark , simple , and RB bold .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
a generally used arrangement is to mount the cylinder with the valve up , as this is better protected while VBG up , and the cylinder valve is left fully open while the NN is in the water .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
although the genre is most popular in asia , there are JJ dance NNS and musical NNS in europe in addition to the united states ( like NNP of san francisco , california ) and throughout other parts of the world .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's management team then attempts to find them the right look , only to dress them in ridiculous NNS .	3	5	VBZ	attempts	attempt
and keep in mind that businesses change names all the time , so there should be a JJ process for doing this - which your attorney can advise you on .	5	6	VBP	change	changes
these problems are dual and together they solve the JJ control problem ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
if the topic becomes wikipedia notable in the future , any recreation of the article should try to avoid confusion with the prominent islamic society of orange county ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
NN surgery is a phrase that was VBN at the beginning of the 20th century by the practice of an internationally famous JJ surgeon , adolf NNP , who was known as `` the NN surgeon of vienna '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an example of this is if x is a regular space and y is an infinite set in the JJ NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in order for production to be at its maximum and sell their products , firms require some sort of JJ access to capital markets .	14	15	VBP	require	requires
traditional russian cuisine is an important part of russian national culture .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the six trustees are elected on a rotating basis every two years so that not all the trustees are up for NN at once .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the portrait of NNP NNP is one of the most successful in the human comedy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another possibility is that this composition reflects the widespread distribution of NNS of JJ NNS , similar to those that make up the lunar maria .	5	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect
notable author jane NNP receives an honorary doctorate from NNP university ( i 'm not sure of the occasion for the doctorate but i think JJ speakers traditionally receive them , so that 's one possibility ) .	26	28	VBP	receive	receives
requests for enforcement are in respect of technical violations of the NN , not for VBG content disputes .	0	3	VBP	are	is
a switched network uses devices called NNS that VBP and tell the NNS travelling on the network where their NN is .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the ending to be used depends on the nature of the noun .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend
the planet is near the JJ rim .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its second performance takes place on this date .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
but this article is a record even by NNP standards .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
contrary to popular belief , the largest diameter NN pipe is not always better .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this design produces the effect of an indoor square .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
the hypothesis is the basis of an experiment in the playstation 2 game death by degrees .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the important thing , perhaps in this case , is to not say RB that they are or are not christians .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the fact that she has a number of articles first authored by her students speaks to her NN and desire to give proper credit and to promote their careers .	1	14	VBZ	speaks	speak
the JJ NN group is essential for activity .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
other NNS based on that same specimen look RB different in both NN and colour .	1	7	VBP	look	looks
the highway begins at an intersection with JJ highways u .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
technically , the runway there is large enough for JJ jets .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
we do not assume all sources have any such reputation ; which is why we could check to see whether others , who have professional reasons to seek accuracy , quote the source .	5	6	VBP	have	has
graduates below the rank of doctor , companions of the university and members of the university council wear NNS .	0	17	VBP	wear	wears
useful content is useful content ; keep it around .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a transfer or proof of NN is valid for 90 minutes from the time of issue , for any transit service ( including NNS ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
many wikipedians are quite willing to assist NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
RB contested speedy , but the only reliable reference provided is a book mention that briefly notes that they were there .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
you , NNP , have accused me of NN but your focus here appears to be .	11	13	VBZ	appears	appear
according to the NNP , women are often responsible for preparing food and have the chance to VB their children about beneficial food and health NNS , giving mothers another chance to improve the NN of their children .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the biggest center for higher learning is the NN missions university near NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the first question addresses common VBG errors , the second shows how to try and find JJ patterns which others may VB , and the third deals with behavioral finance , pointing out cognitive errors such as NN and confirmation bias .	2	3	VBZ	addresses	address
permanent restriction on sarah NNP is over the top .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
american NN , leaves new york city for albany , new york on the hudson river , VBG the first commercial NN service in the world .	1	3	VBZ	leaves	leave
current scholarship supports that second charge , as it appears that NNP put significant political pressure behind the scenes on justice robert NNP to obtain at least one vote from a justice from outside the south to support the court 's JJ decision .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
the NNP world masters championships ( or `` masters worlds '' ) is an international NNPS championships for adults ( per NNP rules , masters are 25 JJ and older ) .	24	25	VBP	are	is
because this team needs a logo .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
religious organizations have also RB filed suit against television networks , music labels and game companies citing them as the cause for such things as suicide , NN , and murder .	1	2	VBP	have	has
keep lists of notable things in a fashion that is useful for t he reader are appropriate for the encyclopedia .	1	15	VBP	are	is
the only significant town on the peninsula is NNP NNP , a fishing town and port which comprised iraq 's main naval base under the regime of NNP NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the higher the place of NN the NN is the layer of the actually VBN material .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the foundation runs six soccer schools in both urban and rural parts of costa rica .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the direction of his firm is meanwhile in hands of his daughter christine ; himself , he continued on fields like marketing , public relations and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
for example , whenever both titles appear together , `` messenger '' comes first .	10	12	VBZ	comes	come
the user then sets point values for the major defeat , defeat , draw , victory , and decisive victory win levels .	1	3	VBZ	sets	set
this JJ region of massachusetts , rhode island , and new york , comprises the peninsula of cape NNP and the islands of martha 's NNP , the elizabeth islands , NNP , block island , and long island , as well as surrounding NNS .	2	13	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the beach is a popular destination for sea NN , and was VBN by king george iii during times of illness .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
at the left side of the screen an old piece of farming machinery is located , but george is unable to interact with it , as the NN continues to VB him .	27	28	VBZ	continues	continue
in mathematics , a JJ sequence is a sequence of NNS that does not contain any prime numbers .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are VBN , and the NN is timber .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in addition , service NNS are not necessary for companies whose quality is beyond control in the presence of external factors .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the JJ lens has a JJ length of 4 .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the two species of NNS , along with NNS , are the closest living evolutionary relatives to people .	2	10	VBP	are	is
for most versions , the file contents still need to be stored in consecutive order on disk .	6	8	VBP	need	needs
the now classified as heritage ( 1938 ) building still exists in this form and was used from CD to 1984 as a courthouse .	8	10	VBZ	exists	exist
sharing NNS and the hard times too , fred and NNP find the simple , free NNS of life .	1	11	VBP	find	finds
i will change the article to mention the troop deployment in the introduction of the article , but i think the organization is okay as it is .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
examples of NNS are the NN , NN , orange , JJ , NN , NN , NN , NN , grape , passion fruit , NN and NN .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the distance of the race is 2000 metres , but due to the track conditions the running rail is sometimes moved and this changes the official distance of the race .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the use of music at sporting events is a practice that is thousands of years old , but has recently had a NN as a noted phenomenon .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the policies of the NNP are more JJ than other scouting organizations throughout the world and other youth organizations within the united states .	1	5	VBP	are	is
they are RB human , but the NNS are so thin and VBD out that they resemble NNS rather than arms or legs .	7	8	VBP	are	is
a personal digital assistant ( NNP ) is a small , usually JJ , computer with limited functionality .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
other recurring characters appear alongside NNP .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
breeds with red flowers attract NNS and NNS .	0	4	VBP	attract	attracts
specialist clinical NNP phase begins with a student selected component exploring ethical issues .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
the world will not end if the NNS are RB older than what is accepted .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the NNS have two dark brown spots on the JJ margin and a small spot at the end of the cell .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the district includes small streets around the NNP hill green but has a highly irregular shape extending south .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
people visiting the village often wonder why the NNS are there , so i was providing detail from a local NN ; without making it sound like myself speaking .	0	5	VBP	wonder	wonders
NNP of mass greater than 65 NNP can burn off their NN by the time they are half a billion years old [ NNP ] , thus this test is not perfect .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
the image for NNP wagner is not the person , NNP sue NNP wagner , that the page is representing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the fourth phase , which opened on october 22 , 2004 , has the JJ circular NN in the united states .	2	12	VBZ	has	have
death NNS ( as birth and marriage NNS also are in the uk ) are merely NNS of the official record that resides in the county or other local authority register ( caps JJ ) .	1	14	VBP	are	is
indicating that the two language systems can act independently of each other , and that each language system has their own within language connections .	17	18	VBZ	has	have
wikipedia policy states that articles of a promotional nature are inappropriate .	2	9	VBP	are	is
the left half of the page is available on my 17 inch monitor .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
cuisine available in the area includes chinese , italian , japanese , indian and thai restaurants and NNS .	0	5	VBZ	includes	include
the resemblance to the death of NNP no NNP as described in the NNP NNP has led to questions about whether the account is factual .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
this list is almost completely identical to the fan artist NN it even started the same year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
floods are the major disaster for the village and NNP district .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the game world is filled with NNS , laser defence mechanisms and security robots , all of which kill the NN on contact , resulting in the loss of one of his five lives .	10	18	VBP	kill	kills
the festival features many different styles of music including indie rock , classic rock , NN , NN , and country music .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the NNP ' has often been mistaken for the border mark between NNP and NNP , but in fact the border is further south .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
this whole thing needs some JJ , i would VB .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
its measure is its own absolutely .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
wheel warring or breach of protection policy is grounds for immediate NN , which is temporary while the community decides how to deal with the person .	18	19	VBZ	decides	decide
my chart has two columns ; the first is a list of dates , the second is a list of income values for each day .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
players manage their armies as well as their land and population , build and lay siege to NNS , and generally attempt to crush their enemies .	0	1	VBP	manage	manages
using insurance as an NN , the NN NN typically pays a premium to be able to receive the large positive NN of a NN NN in times of market NN , to `` VB '' against this .	8	10	VBZ	pays	pay
the novel , published in 1991 , follows NNP , an NN or spirit child , living in an unnamed most likely nigerian city .	1	7	VBZ	follows	follow
the foundation has a long history of over promising and under delivering .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
general election , 1988 before the general election in 1988 , the three conservative parties agree on a proposal to implement a NN health care NN on 15 000 NNP per child and year .	14	15	VBP	agree	agrees
fruits of the season include NNS and NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
the belt of tin deposits resides mostly within the eastern slopes from NNP to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	resides	reside
the motion of the north pacific plate has VBN a variety of NNS against the NN , so that the coastal region is a mixture of rocks that originated elsewhere , together with local JJ rock .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
a useful NN is that of a painting .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
VBG machine since there is no infinite tape but by that standard no computer is a NNP machine either , no computer has infinite memory .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the 12 survivors include 11 crew members , among them the captain ; he will die in the NN of a NNP cargo plane in 1979 .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the JJ vessel now VBZ in to attack the enterprise , moving at extreme speed ; far faster than the enterprise can lock JJR weapons on it .	2	4	VBZ	closes	close
NNP genetic screening is a promising area in public health NNS that appears VBN to VB on the public health goal of disease prevention as a primary form of treatment .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the goal of this art is to transform a flat sheet of paper into a finished sculpture through NN and VBG techniques , and as such the use of cuts or NN are not considered to be VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
prominent roles include NNP on NNP the vampire NNP , attorney morrison in the first two seasons of boston legal , and dr .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
v as the potential difference across a cell membrane , not the voltage a human body operates on .	12	16	VBZ	operates	operate
the church bell rings and prayers start .	3	6	VBP	start	starts
there is a strong air of NN that would require extensive NN if this article survives afd .	14	15	VBZ	survives	survive
since the hard drive is a very expensive part of any device , this standard is designed to allow a hard drive to be carried from one machine to another , or VBD among backup generations ( current generation ( e .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i would rather not say where this question comes from .	7	8	VBZ	comes	come
in a broad sense , members of NNP are all the members of NNP and NNP and the NNP .	5	8	VBP	are	is
the valley of NNP is crossed by the santa barbara river and its 3 smaller NNS the san francisco , san jose y NNP , creating a beautiful NN NN ; their waters are still clean enough that NNS can be observed virtually every day .	32	33	VBP	are	is
the socks are all blocked indefinitely .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NNP 's position is the position of a patient who is lying in bed in a JJ position with the head of the bed at approximately 30 degrees .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
neither equation by itself constitutes a complete definition ; the first is the base case , and the second is the JJ case .	1	4	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
NNP VBD NNP by saying that a woman with more than four NNS is nothing but a NN and that the NNP were all like NN seeds removed from the NN and she should now find some other NNS .	7	13	VBZ	is	are
stack also plays a fictional version of himself on the television program my name is earl , in which he is portrayed as an JJ , JJ , JJ resident of camden county who frequently hosts beauty NNS and NNS .	13	14	VBZ	Is	Are
RB regularly post a short biography on NNP 's NNP NNS , and students are free to contact them at any time for questions , advice or other help .	13	14	VBP	are	is
i guess NN is the JJS form of NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while the class makes no mark in or on major NNS , they have VBN interesting characters , most notably NNP NNP , one of the main NNS in mobile suit NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make
most other models designed for this purpose represent NNS of porter 's comprehensive model .	2	7	VBP	represent	represents
the difference between the two is that academic degrees allow you to further your career studies at universities , while professional titles allow you to work in positions outside NN or perform as an independent professional in the republic of peru .	8	9	VBP	allow	allows
the NN is approximately 45 , 000 da in mass , although this value varies from species to species .	13	14	VBZ	varies	vary
in physics and all science , JJ analysis is the practice of checking relations among physical quantities by identifying their dimensions .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i 'm interested to know if folk have any opinions about the suggestions here , as the template involved appears in many articles .	6	7	VBP	have	has
VBG around the life of a once successful film actress whose career is on the decline , the film features NNP NNP as the protagonist along with actors NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
it is long , wide and its towers are approximately tall .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the education bureau of hong kong has announced that in 2009 the new NN structure , under which all students receive 12 years of JJ education , will be implemented .	19	20	VBP	receive	receives
two years before writing the screenplay for the film , NNP wrote a stage play whose title comes from the same line of the poem , glory in the flower ( 1953 ) .	16	17	VBZ	comes	come
the original text involves `` a JJ deal of NN '' and NN , referring exclusively to the year CD .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve
the shore is low and rocky ; the NN is woody .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in addition its JJ NNS , the monument is a NN for anyone who visits ucla , especially because of its JJ features .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the village has yet again retained the title for JJS kept village in essex ' , winning in both 2009 and 2010 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNP novels go so far as to claim to be real , recently discovered memoirs of a JJ soldier .	2	3	VBP	go	goes
the lead is a little short , especially for an article of this size .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
created in 1998 , the association has its administrative offices at NNP .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the judicial branch encompasses judges , NNS and other NNS who form the core of a NN , as well as the support personnel who keep the system running RB .	2	3	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
in short , i think that , despite the NN of questionable afds , this user is indeed new at this and simply needs to learn a few more things about wikipedia policy .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
i can see your point concerning significant coverage , but the word significant is open to interpretation .	11	13	VBZ	is	are
the dam stands at the JJ intersection of NNP , NNP , and NNP counties , with portions of the dam lying in all three .	1	2	VBZ	stands	stand
if your concern is that you want the possibility to have something like the hybrid case , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
any vector space over a field f of dimension n is JJ to NNP as a vector space over f .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
this is true whether the threat is natural or JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP city is also a part of the greater NNP region by the government of india , making it the highest JJ city in kerala .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on the face of it , that article looks good .	7	8	VBZ	looks	look
JJ movie characters are rarely notable , and this article does not even have a single ( secondary ) source to demonstrate notability .	2	3	VBP	are	is
other major NNS include the NNP , the JJ NNP , the NNP , and the NNS NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
collectively , the tribes currently have 3 , CD , 500 enrolled tribal members .	3	5	VBP	have	has
JJ NNS are usually JJ and often form a NN configuration .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as NNS of NNS go very low the tanks are usually JJ ( known as NNS ) , tom store NNP , hydrogen , NN , nitrogen , oxygen etc .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the route leaves milton and continues into NN with a few residences , turning to the northeast .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
when the primitive streak forms , these cells expand out to become NNP 's node .	4	8	VBP	expand	expands
as the first job , the boss gives NNP an order to find a model .	6	7	VBZ	gives	give
other real historical characters who feature prominently are abraham NNP , andrew NNP and henry more .	3	7	VBP	are	is
his songs VBP all of nepal and is not limited to NNP valley .	1	2	VBP	encompass	encompasses
the field of effective JJ set theory is between set theory and NN theory .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
neighbouring NNS are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as well as motor racing it is the venue for the 24 NNS , a CD race on inline NNS or NNS .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
p in cases like this , when a vote is not necessary , you can flag pages with a tag instead of , and they will be taken care of .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
deletion nominations are not the only tool in the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this best thing about this design is that it allows VBG directly behind the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
typical CD standards include NNP and NNP with extensions via NNP , edge and CD , providing internet access to users of originally voice JJ CD networks .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the aging potential of wine depends on the variety of grape and ( particularly ) on the methods used to make the wine .	2	5	VBZ	depends	depend
he won many competitions , both national and international , and his performances include television , radio , commercial recordings and live concerts in many countries , performing both solo and as a duo with NNP NNP .	12	13	VBP	include	includes
soldiers are authorized to wear civilian clothes , both JJ and JJ pass privileges , company commanders can VB extended weekend JJ pass privileges to phase v soldiers , however members are subject to unit recall .	30	31	VBP	are	is
the east river monster stands out on its own .	3	4	VBZ	stands	stand
as of 2008 , first year junior doctors are no longer automatically entitled to free accommodation at their hospital .	7	8	VBP	are	is
sr NN formula is valid , and so on .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i think that the perspective is valuable , just as technical experience is also valuable .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
other such NNS include NNP and her sister NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the benefits of this type of treatment is that the NN do not develop resistance and these products are less toxic .	17	18	VBP	are	is
the first two books contain a NN of the JJ legend .	3	4	VBP	contain	contains
the article NNP NNP november 2006 incident is only eleven hours young , but has already been moved eight times , back and forth from NNP NNP november 2006 incident to NNP NNP november 2006 massacre .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
chilean troops occupy lima , capital of NNP .	1	2	VBP	occupy	occupies
the christopher columbus foundation , whose complete name is christopher columbus foundation for NNP ( NNP NNP NNP per le NNP , NNP ) is a faction and think tank within the people of freedom ( NNP ) , a political party in italy .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the song makes use of the NN , NN , strings , and guitar .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
this file is a version of CD , red NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the current leader is mohammed NNP , who was elected JJ of the organization .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the school VBZ a number of special NNS for each class .	1	2	VBZ	organizes	organize
a JJ sequence is an infinite sequence ( over a finite alphabet of characters ) in which every finite string appears as a NN .	19	20	VBZ	appears	appear
one NN in your thinking is that the specific players are likely to be only on american or canadian football teams anyway , so a soccer fan is not likely to be looking for them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
trains run regularly to and beyond ( the usual NN for trains from ore are either or ) .	0	1	VBP	run	runs
popular NN spot called as NNP hills is also within a proximity of 10 kilometers .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
checking the 10 most edited user talk pages - i assume that the rest of your userspace edit were made mostly automatically ( vandal fighting ) and the NN most really active area is the wp space .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the animal often falls down and has trouble walking .	1	3	VBZ	falls	fall
the mission of service coordination is to assist individuals with developmental disabilities and other groups needing assistance in determining and meeting their needs in ways they prefer .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
in chemistry , JJ elements ( also , NNS , or JJ elements ) are the chemical elements with atomic numbers greater than those of the NNS , the JJS of which is NN ( 103 ) .	4	14	VBP	are	is
the site also VBZ much of its information from visitors through a forum , as well as other means including e-mail and instant NN , which is then confirmed and added manually by a site NN .	1	3	VBZ	gathers	gather
VBN motors are cheaper to buy , have a limited life at racing speeds , and require continuous maintenance of NNS and NN if they are raced regularly .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this article , however , appears to be a hoax .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
and i know so many users are not aware that their old user pages are VBN there .	5	6	VBP	are	is
NNP football rivalry is the oldest american football rivalry in maryland and one of the oldest public school NNS in the u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
speaking from a purely technical point of view , an active admin account is more prone to be VBN than an NN one .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this thread is less dependent on lewis ' personal experience and features quotes apparently drawn from interviews with various relevant figures .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the fruit is a JJ NN containing several small NN to black seeds .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book includes NNS on his experiences and relationships with each model and how both have changed over the course of their NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
every open subset of r is indeed such a union .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's history begins in 1989 as death metal band NNP .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
the NN thing to do is to put it down .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
opened in 1989 , the course has nine holes , 54 VBG grounds , and a par of 72 .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
after recording a few NNS as a quartet including `` NNP '' , and `` get it together '' , NNP decided to leave the group ( even though her vocals appear on the first album ) .	30	31	VBP	appear	appears
NNS and some less senior , senior NNS are about equivalent to american assistant professors .	0	8	VBP	are	is
the statue of gandhi is 40 feet high but with the JJ reaching 24 feet and another eight feet for the NNS , the total height of the structure is 72 feet making it the tallest gandhi statue in the world .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
wireless channels severely suffer from VBG phenomena , which causes NN in data NN .	1	3	VBP	suffer	suffers
this name appears as early as CD in the english pilot , a guide to navigation .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
i do think the articles need work NN .	4	5	VBP	need	needs
items available from the NN NN section include VBG NNS and a NN chicken kiev .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
wayne 's girlfriend ( not exactly a rs , though she probably knows horses ) that NNP has a `` napoleon complex '' i .	2	12	VBZ	knows	know
here the coast continues to VB as a result of NN .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
all the tracks feature JJ sounds VBN after the sound capabilities of the commodore 64 home computer and other machines of its day .	2	3	VBP	feature	features
the external links are to member schools ( or in one case to a person who was made an honorary NNP member ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a search of the mtv web site shows no tv show called the duel 2 , the duel ii , or other similar title .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show
there already exists a general article about these service centers ( motorway service area ) and a listing of them all ( list of motorway service areas in the united kingdom ) , these two pages contain virtually all the NN information each individual page contains .	35	36	VBP	contain	contains
NNS take their NN sculpture home with them at the end of the fair .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
the three main components are the electromagnetic field generator , electronic field NNP and NNP NNP sensor .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the shields we are looking for are like the ones used in mark NNP 's ny routes site .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the article needs a neutral person to come in and clean it up .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
to conclude , the article needs to be VBN , and the writing needs to be substantially edited to make it npov .	12	13	VBZ	needs	need
the company maintains offices in berkeley , california .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain
an important aspect of any model railway is the layout of the track itself .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
NNS are not NNS and nerve NNS are JJ , not electromagnetic , so people and animals are not directly affected by an NNP - although NN could be an indirect danger for anyone VBG an JJ metal object .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the title needs to be change immediately for apparent neutrality purposes , with VBG on high palestinian NN casualties .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
tenth period continues an additional 45 minutes .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
current , the 5th , president is dr .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the problem is verifiability and original research , particularly synthesis of sourced statements to advance a point .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they do n't use a NN because the JJ woman believes she is healthy .	9	10	VBZ	believes	believe
in the cbs program the big bang theory , the character NNP makes NNP NN .	10	12	VBZ	makes	make
the creature begins to drive out the `` devils '' and VBZ into the jungle .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the gameplay section seems overly long , considering the length of other sections .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the first men 's team plays in the german baseball NNP .	4	5	VBZ	plays	play
the two men with NNP shah ( on the horse ) are his son NNP NNP and NNP NNP khan NNP .	2	11	VBP	are	is
if more levels of outline are needed , JJ roman NNS and numbers and NN letters , sometimes with single and double NN can be used , although the exact order is not well defined , and usage varies widely .	30	31	VBZ	is	are
the speed of the coup enables the rebels to acquire special strategic weapons .	1	5	VBZ	enables	enable
the area around the park , as defined by the world wildlife fund , has a population of 33 , CD people , mostly comprising ethnic NNP and , despite being named a minority in cameroon 's constitution of 18 january 1996 , NNP NNPS .	1	14	VBZ	has	have
by the way , your suggestion is more appropriate on vfd than here .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NN diameter is naturally variable , subject to JJ interactions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
players wear an JJ display as they ride a magic NN through NNP , collecting NNS to find the NNP , who has been hidden away in the cave of NNP .	0	1	VBP	wear	wears
our aim is to further improve the quality , speed and cost effectiveness of our NN handling and NN services .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
located in north of the florence neighborhood , the park includes hiking trails , including the omaha NNP trail north .	9	10	VBZ	includes	include
the flowers of this NN are yellow with red bases and the outer parts are very RB .	1	5	VBP	are	is
its main base is NNP international airport .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NN , the technical term used when this process is not completely accurate , appears as color VBG on the edge of an image displayed on the screen .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
when the NNS come out on the NN NNS , rocky has been placed into a `` six pack '' box and NNP has been placed into a `` king VBD '' box ( both boxes showing their pictures with `` cut along VBN lines '' on them ) .	2	3	VBP	come	comes
the village has numerous social and service organizations , there are a few NN for food and NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
as time goes on , NNP begins to lose its NN ; monica is VBG too much for her own good and NNP starts to look for something else to VB her , and the characters leave NNP in NNP 's yellow pop top and head towards portugal .	35	36	VBP	leave	leaves
as the cyclone continues inland , long , NN NN waves with NNS up to several hundred kilometers are established in the baltic .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
all stations except for NNP are level , and NNP features a grade of 20 NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is
morrison notes the advent of the internet helped gay men discover their sexuality and connect with each other online and that lawrence is the NN of the `` new experience of gay sexuality '' .	9	10	VBP	discover	discovers
every page on wikipedia is a collaborative effort .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
as they encounter JJ conditions and difficulties along the way , things begin to VB .	11	12	VBP	begin	begins
my aim is to get the articles on the five london VBD up to ga level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the dimensions and names vary considerably around the world , with most countries having their own standards and terminology .	1	4	VBP	vary	varies
the suggestion is that the poem derives from some interpretation of the NNP story ; that the woman is NNP , NNP is NNP , and NNP her angry father .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the entire student body VBZ holy mass in the morning on wednesday during the academic school year .	3	4	VBZ	attends	attend
google hits are all wikipedia NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the author is so notable that all his works would be notable even without secondary sources .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the university provides free NNS to students as a means of transportation from november 20 - march 15 .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
for example , a common NN is to use two fingers in a NNS or JJ motion to VB the currently active page .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
for example , in the united kingdom , citizens have the right to free health care , but voting in elections is not compulsory , even though many people would define this as a responsibility .	8	9	VBP	have	has
a user rfc is not what i meant .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
a perfect example is the NNP 's NNP in china 's south-western NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the historical NN and NN have merged , even though some writers try to maintain a three cases distinction , which has been lost for most speakers , perhaps centuries ago .	11	12	VBP	try	tries
the major source is NN from natural gas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the range includes the NNP , NNP and NNP lines .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
customs vary widely between cultures , and between religious NNS within cultures .	0	1	VBP	vary	varies
as speeds and distances to such noise and signal NN make recovery of the data is a real challenge , the researchers used an innovative detection techniques and applied a new set of technologies NN , transmission and processing together NNP with an advanced error NN NN .	1	10	VBP	make	makes
the building has a signature all glass design , similar to pacific plaza towers , the tallest building in NNP city , which was also developed by the NNP family .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the road then creates the border between two major golf country clubs , with the country club at NNP to the north and the NNP national golf club , where NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	creates	create
the university offers traditional degrees over a shorter NN .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the angle of NN is yet to be measured .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
in NNP , determining contrast is of high importance for NN because the operator has a high degree of control of how the signal NNS of various structures vary in the images by using different NNP methods and imaging parameters .	13	14	VBZ	has	have
consisting of farms , the town has no economy other than a rural NNP economy based on NN farming , cattle , and other livestock .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the security of a NNP NN session depends significantly on the quality of the random numbers generated by both ends of the NNP session .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend
thus , by claiming the list should be deleted , you imply that not a single article on the list is notable , and thus that everything on the list should be deleted .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP syndrome appears to result from developmental factors that affect many or all functional brain systems , as opposed to JJ effects .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
parallel buses utilize a number of different physical connections , and as such are usually more JJ and typically heavier .	1	2	VBP	utilize	utilizes
past performers at hard events festivals include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , m .	1	6	VBP	include	includes
recent improvements include NN of NN and bike trails along NNP NNP , aesthetic improvements to NNP road ( including brick NN and decorative street lighting ) , as well as renovation and NN of some notable older homes .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the flowers are yellow and have many NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its ability to grow and cover a vast area makes it a threat to NN .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make
google searches produce only NN , government , or other generic JJ sites .	1	2	VBP	produce	produces
a NN that lands on the ground inside the NN is worth two points .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
drinking and driving NNS are prior NNS for refuse to comply NNS , and vice NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the ethnicity of the NNP NNP is 91 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
but i would imagine that the battles in NNP go like this .	6	9	VBP	go	goes
the purpose here is to help VB the assumptions and evidence that VBZ people 's thoughts in respect of problems .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
in very elementary terms , JJ NNP space is a mathematical model of NN in which the notion of distance between points ( the metric ) is different from that of ordinary flat NN .	17	26	VBZ	is	are
its fossil remains have been found in NNP rocks of NNP and alaska and in JJ formations in nebraska .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the aim of the institution is to VB religious , mental , moral , social and physical information based on the principles of christian faith , to members of the christian community .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
for NNP , this return of the `` standard anderson NN '' is only one aspect of NN between joe 90 and previous productions .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
the british units start out in the movement zones , and the only german units in NNP consist of a small NNP garrison .	2	3	VBP	start	starts
home of the basketball NNP until 1975 , the field house currently hosts the men 's wrestling , women 's volleyball , and men 's and women 's NNS teams .	0	12	VBZ	hosts	host
publication is open to all researchers from around the world .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this article traces the history of dallas , texas ( usa ) during the city 's modern period from 1996 to the present .	1	2	VBZ	traces	trace
the numbers have CD JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the school goes directly from a regular class schedule to its finals .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the effort that has gone into referencing this list is a waste as all it means is that we have a well referenced list of trivia .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
sons make outdoor clothing in NNP , NNP .	0	1	VBP	make	makes
the final chapter VBZ back to the JJ narrator point of view of the first chapter , as NNP and the narrator walk into the NNP household two decades later .	2	3	VBZ	switches	switch
the claim that wikiproject NNP is a hate group is obvious NN .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the show also features the couple 's four children , danny ( taylor NNP ) , NNP ( NNP NNP ) , ted ( patrick NNP ) , and NNP ( NNP and NNP lamb ) .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
NNS and NNS often create brand problems , beginning with what to call the company after the transaction and going down into detail about what to do about VBG and competing product brands .	0	4	VBP	create	creates
route CD is a major JJ NN route in the winnipeg suburbs of st .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ that JJ problems are so significant that the NNS of all used electronics should be banned .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the other stage is visible as small , pink , cotton JJ NN , found where the blades meet .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
putting it at the top , as the new first paragraph of the lead , changes what topic the article appears to be about .	19	20	VBZ	appears	appear
NNP holding 's operations include washington gas energy services , NNP services , and natural gas exploration , production , and storage .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
his best known work is the dance tune `` NNP NNP '' , and other composers dedicated works to him , including thomas NNP and john NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
there 's no special rule here - if reliable sources report something and VBD it as JJ then we should include it .	9	10	VBP	report	reports
the total count is down from about CD to around 1000 , with 100 with 10 or more NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the question is what verifiable content we have for a blp ( and the answer is none , not even her name ) .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
as NN has evolved as a theory , some researchers feel that the theory has lost sight of the dynamic group VBZ context of collective behavior that it attempts to model .	9	10	VBP	feel	feels
the task of a join algorithm is to find , for each distinct value of the join attribute , the set of NNS in each relation which have that value .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
still , other contemporary events indicate that VBG a fortified garrison was no easy task .	4	5	VBP	indicate	indicates
the article also needs a general NN .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
the results are fairly JJ and lack any real style .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ articles mean that only registered accounts can make changes .	1	2	VBP	mean	means
of course she was very JJ , but turned me down because `` even the mere NN of someone being hurt by my illness is JJ , JJ , and i refuse .	16	24	VBZ	is	are
some binary files contain NNS , blocks of NNS used by a computer program to interpret the data in the file .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
while i personally share your views about which theories are JJ and which are not , wikipedia is not about making NNS of truth .	8	9	VBP	are	is
several different types of health care facilities exist and patients may choose where they receive services .	2	7	VBP	exist	exists
current research supports the notion that in the idea generation process , innovation leadership requires a leader to use a more JJ style of leadership .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support
the point is , no NN code is notable enough for an article this has been determined time and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this sort of thing is just one person 's word and interpretations , like VBG a NNP or having a religious experience , far too subjective to be called science .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the station is located where the metro route crosses NNP lane on an automatic open level crossing , the station platforms are located on opposite sides of the road and have no direct link .	7	8	VBZ	crosses	cross
legal NNS are facts ; there is no need to be RB JJ about them .	1	2	VBP	are	is
more information needs to be included on his personal life for the article to be truly comprehensive .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
after 3 months of life , NNS begin to experience the adult NN production patterns , an early morning NN peak and low evening levels of NN .	6	7	VBP	begin	begins
NNP 's sinking habit is best explained RB as a VBG island , and the NN habit ( after which it appears to be named ) is JJ by the release of NN gases in JJ volcanic events .	16	21	VBZ	appears	appear
red chips NNS ( ) are the NNS of mainland china companies incorporated outside mainland china and listed in hong kong .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the NNP ruins are the remains of a castle in lower austria near bad NNP in the NNP NN ( property register ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
a controller is more flexible than a hard VBN logic , yet cheaper than a cpu so that it is JJ to block it with simple NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
battalion , royal australian regiment ( 2 NNP ) is a regular light infantry battalion of the australian army .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
these marks are older than JJ tradition .	1	2	VBP	are	is
warriors traditionally wear the NN 's NN for protection in battle .	0	2	VBP	wear	wears
NNP 's best friend is earl j .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his tv dance show , `` the NNP dance party '' continues to air in that market .	3	11	VBZ	continues	continue
richard rose 's detailed analysis of the materials used in the writing of NNP NNP ( the floating prison 2003 , 2012 ) shows the general NN of NNP as a writer of verifiable history .	4	23	VBZ	shows	show
each picture has its own NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
very low level minor league baseball player , played in the dominican leagues last season and is in `` short season a '' this year .	6	16	VBZ	is	are
the concern is that there are no reviews of the book or commentary on the book by reliable sources .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his talents come from being entirely JJ .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
these three grades have their NNS in ryan as well as some of their classes , but they also have classes in NNP hall , peterson , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the goal is to increase alpha by VBG the beta of one 's own portfolio .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
topics covered are broad , including NN , politics , art and design , NN , personal journals , social theory , single topic NN , or sexual content far enough outside of the mainstream to be JJ of inclusion in more traditional media .	0	2	VBP	are	is
the cars featured in the game are from NNP 2 and 3 .	1	6	VBP	are	is
the film includes an interview with de NNP , conversations with the film directors NNP NNP , franco NNP , NNP NNP , writers NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and the critic marco NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the problem is that the JJ mean is very sensitive to the inclusion of any NNS ; in statistical terminology , the JJ mean is not JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
as NNP said these sources are verifiable by anyone who speaks the language .	4	5	VBP	are	is
however , the experiment goes wrong and he VBZ santa into the munster home along with his NNS .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
other us cable channels reported to have declined acquisition of the NNS are NNP and NNP .	3	12	VBP	are	is
recordings of these performances make up the live in japan album , released on the important records label .	0	4	VBP	make	makes
examples of JJ NNP products made by modern industrial JJ JJ processes are [ [ NN NN ] ] ( NNP ) , [ [ NN NNP ] ] ( NN ) , and [ [ NN c ] ] ( JJ acid ) .	0	12	VBP	are	is
however , less JJ reviews felt that `` the main NN of NNP is that it occasionally feels a bit too much '' and that the album VBZ to `` JJ chart dance '' .	10	13	VBZ	is	are
in the 1930s , VBD NNP and NNP NNP introduced the term NNP ( literally `` NNS '' ) during investigations of rings over which all modules are direct NNS of JJ NNS .	26	27	VBP	are	is
the shell of NNS varies in shape , and includes shells that are circular , JJ and rectangular .	1	9	VBZ	includes	include
group members often participate in word games such as `` NNP '' ( unique to NNP ) or JJ conversations .	1	3	VBP	participate	participates
another common reason for failure of flat NN is lack of maintenance of NNS whereby NN , leaves and debris block water outlets ( be they VBP , NNS , NNS or NNS ) , thus water can not VB away and VBZ up .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP and NNP introduce new vector and JJ fields , and their explanation of the bullet cluster , if it works at all , involves independent motion of those extra fields .	12	20	VBZ	works	work
the JJ musical NN johann sebastian NNP composed the special NN music that is being played to the potential NNS , explaining how beautiful the world actually is .	25	27	VBZ	is	are
NNP systems tend to focus on RB coupled parallel jobs , and as such they must VB within a particular site with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
i agree that the infobox picture has little value .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
researchers believe that if humans feel a part of nature and are more connected to nature , they will feel a responsibility to care for nature and protect it .	4	5	VBP	feel	feels
in the preliminary examination , the number of candidate selected for the NNS is 11 or 12 times the number of NNS and in case of the main examination , the number of candidates selected for the interview is twice the number of NNS .	31	38	VBZ	is	are
the NNP 's message is that `` green '' technology can appeal to the id , not just the NN '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN hypothesis , conceived in 2001 by stephen NNP , attempts to provide a solution to the NNP NN by holding that our astronomical observations represent an NN , created by a type iii civilization capable of VBG matter and energy on JJ scales .	25	26	VBP	represent	represents
besides the resident NN poets , the island enjoys seasonal NNS by many renowned poets , including united states poet NNS .	7	8	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
in new zealand today , abortion is not a major political issue .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
yes , discussion is necessary and edit warring is bad , but the standard required by NNP in this case is so JJ as to fail the JJ test .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP link also has the video .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
a previous 12th light horse regiment had been formed in tasmania in 1903 , although that unit is not a predecessor to the 12th light horse regiment that was raised during the first world war .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the southwest face of NNP VBZ into the NNP branch of the east branch of the NNP river .	2	5	VBZ	drains	drain
results 1 - 10 of about CD for `` ron NNP '' none of which seem to backup the NNS in the article , and results 1 - 10 of about 27 for `` ron NNP '' spider .	0	15	VBP	seem	seems
according to the orthodox NN of wang of the NNP , the label given by NNP to wang as a representative of NN , NN and NN hits the NN on the head .	12	27	VBZ	hits	hit
NNP manager 2002 and i can not find the information anywhere for what the song name is and who it is by .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the name is JJ , not even apparently random , if you look at a NNP keyboard .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the seat of the NNP is the cathedral of the NNP conception , built in the style of the NNP NNP , and located across the street from the NNP 's offices .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
members should be aware , however , that the law remains on the books .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain
NNP ii community development block has an area of CD .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
a longer or more complex transcription requires an JJ NN .	5	6	VBZ	requires	require
the theory is that talented children need individual treatment to identify themselves and develop their gifts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the silver zone often starts out JJ in young leaves .	2	4	VBZ	starts	start
the village of NNP is within the township .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the choice of t is up to the designer of the code , and may be selected within wide limits .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
however , as ronald NNP says , `` [ t ] hey say that this is a matter of JJ justice , and that JJ justice is an independent ideal , in no sense part of the ideal of the rule of law '' .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the two lovers meet over this JJ news ; believing themselves guilty of NN , they decide on suicide .	2	3	VBP	meet	meets
the second place is NNP in the NNP mountain ; `` NNP NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
languages , programming or natural , are such things .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the three friends leave and reach NNP by boat , only to have a NNP suicide bomber destroy all of their goods in an attempt on an officer of the army of the republic of vietnam .	2	3	VBP	leave	leaves
plans are underway to begin construction of a terminal expansion adjacent to the existing international terminal ( NNP ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
fires are a natural feature of the park 's NN , but it will take some time for the region to return to its NN 2003 condition .	0	1	VBP	are	is
though , gender NNS in sudan , particularly as they VBP to female JJ NN and the NN of women to men in the labor market , have received attention in the international community .	3	10	VBP	pertain	pertains
before the crowd has a chance to VB their JJ NN , it is announced that mr .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
if an editor is able and willing to rewrite this article and address the numerous issues in it , that would obviously be the better option .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP machine is an acceptable way to VB their site which has since been deleted .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
to overcome this restriction for the purpose of achieving lower costs for consumers , and to make a profit in the process , many small parties set up NNP NNS in homes and offices around india .	25	26	VBP	set	sets
both ships are capable of performing year round , but they are not NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a JJ feature turns all of the upper floors transparent whenever NNP walks beneath them , so you always have a view of the action .	2	3	VBZ	turns	turn
the genus name , NNP , comes from NNP , colorado , where it was discovered .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come
the population of the downtown is around 27 , 000 in the year of 1990 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
considering that his two current companions are married couple , it is indeed likely that NN is taking place .	5	6	VBP	are	is
rather than NN , this film uses shadows and music to create the JJ state of the main character and his journey on a red tram at night .	5	6	VBZ	uses	use
comment all the links on the article appear to be broken , which makes it very hard to see any evidence of notability .	3	7	VBP	appear	appears
this village is home to the legendary hardy hamilton , who resides in this town and tears it up on frequent NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the intermediate hosts of this NN are NNS and NNS ( NNS ) which the cat must kill and eat in order to acquire the NN infection .	2	6	VBP	are	is
as the story begins , NNP has been living with her grandmother for nearly a year , learning to VB to country ways .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
in british columbia , law recognizes this loss as a JJ damage and VB the claim based on the VBN value at the time the collision occurs .	25	26	VBZ	occurs	occur
the museum building has 2 NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
his primary concentration also includes NNP political history , JJ political and social history , JJ historical and legal texts .	2	4	VBZ	includes	include
but , NNP has firm perception that women want only money , NNS VBP that he will VB rama with his money .	7	8	VBP	want	wants
it is also why the game works best as a NN system .	5	6	VBZ	works	work
the NN acts without the consent of the victim .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
and for those of you who want the arbcom to be independent , the first thing to do is eliminate these yearly elections - an elected arbitration committee is inherently dependent on the community , and therefore not independent .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
the way i do it is more JJ , in my opinion , as well as being a standard system ( one of them ) in academic publishing in the humanities .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the message left was neutral in tone but the fact that the candidate left it carries the NN that they want the recipient to !	9	15	VBZ	carries	carry
the exploration phase of the NN planning is about creating tasks and VBG their implementation time .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the toll for a regular passenger car to VB the entire road is 400 NN .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the last scene is an NN of the band 's last show , the one in which NNP gave her a last chance .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP hospital scandal concerns unusually high NN rates amongst patients at the NNP hospital , NNP , england , in the late 2000s .	8	9	VBP	amongst	amongst
however , this NN differs across age groups .	3	4	VBZ	differs	differ
the JJ leaves are between 5 and 10 NNS long and similar to those of the stem ; these are JJ in cross section , giving a JJ appearance .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the treatment of waste water involves the use of strong chemicals , many of which are toxic .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
keep and cleanup or merge i think that a college , as part of an university , is notable .	9	17	VBZ	is	are
generally speaking , the more JJ NNS are the best quality .	6	7	VBP	are	is
NNP 's center of population , due to its NN history , is around the valley of the east branch of the NNP river .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's mother tells him a flash back story about NNP 's real parents and their assassination .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the melody is very JJ and VBN with organ and guitar , reminiscent to the music of the band .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the cylinder seals display humans as well as animals in a very JJ style .	2	3	VBP	display	displays
the suburban section has four high level platforms .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
not news , this story is not news in itself .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
all families are NNP is the seventh novel by douglas NNP , published in 2001 .	1	2	VBP	Are	Is
a reference to his family 's modest lifestyle , the title refers to a phrase his mother used for presents he often got as a NN that were JJ .	10	11	VBZ	refers	refer
every person has the right to freedom of association , which includes the right to form , join or participate in the activities VBP association of any kind .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the park is popular due to its close proximity to NNP and VBD park fees compared to other national parks .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the terms POS ' and CD end ' have the same NNS as in australia ( see above ) .	1	8	VBP	have	has
this article is in no way attempting to be advertising , just informative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's father NNP is from south africa and is of a half indian and half german origins and mother is of south african arab descent .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's hair removal products contain JJ acid and NN NN .	4	5	VBP	contain	contains
also , the claim he is the editor of a journal was VBN because a journal with just two issues and no impact factor is not major and JJ as the guideline requires .	31	32	VBZ	requires	require
if not , the article reads like promotional NN anyway .	4	5	VBZ	reads	read
your best bet is to go to VB and buy the jacket and NNS separately and then have them VBN on by a professional NN or NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comment nba videos on youtube are generally off limits .	2	5	VBP	are	is
the tracks give you a taste of pop , rock and a magical fusion of tunes .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
some examples of topics in JJ NN are NN , handle NNS , local NN , and the NN and JJ NNPS NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is
its length is less than fifty miles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
meanwhile , NNP 's greatest opponent appears in the form of NNP NNP , a priest who can not find any sense of NN in his life and sets his NNS on NNP as the possible answer to the NN he feels .	5	6	VBZ	appears	appear
your back foot is in the switch NN position .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the city is the county seat of NNP county .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
federal railroad administration , though the issue mainly stems between two different uses of the NNS .	6	8	VBZ	stems	stem
delete unless and until the upcoming book actually comes out and is notable .	6	8	VBZ	comes	come
of course , if the two subjects are from different planets , ( as for instance in our case , where i am from earth ) then they must be able to make some NNS of what the other one can do .	6	7	VBP	are	is
while the borough center 's elevation is , the western part of the borough can reach and the eastern part of NNP reaches .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP temple is famous in this village , in month of january big fair will be held .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the above three searches are RB more general .	3	4	VBP	are	is
arab architects , ibn NNP and NNP ibn NNP to construct a dome with the best materials available to them .	1	7	VBP	ibn	ibn
second the line from NNP to NNP square , which would be a JJ and is 4 .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the major NN of NNP is `` industrial investors '' ( 55 .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
biblical NNS reveal that peter and paul VBD the NNPS , whom they affiliated to the ancient NN of NNP .	1	2	VBP	reveal	reveals
windsor square 's homes have the same historic value as in hancock park , but most of the homes are built on bigger lots .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the final key design point is to be sure that the fluid is properly distributed across the bed and that there are no preferred fluid paths where the sand may be VBN away and the filter be VBN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the degree distribution in the case of the ring NN is just a NNP delta function centered at k .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
this article is a perfect example of what wikipedia is not ( long and NN lists of statistics may be confusing to readers and reduce the NN and NN of our articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i see no problem referring to primary sources where the content is not controversial , it is a vital source for the historical event , or it is JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the island is predominantly JJ in nature and is approximately 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ support is also vital for institutions to receive capital NNS for new buildings and other projects requiring major NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other associations have no common property , but may charge for assumed services or other matters .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the our tribe NNP mix version of the song features on the band 's disco 2 album .	5	9	VBZ	features	feature
the following table shows the death trains originating from these four counties that went through NNP ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the JJ age for JJ NN ranges from 16 weeks in norway , to 20 weeks in the us and australia , 24 weeks in the uk , and 26 weeks in italy and spain .	2	6	VBZ	ranges	range
it adds a two player mode and a few more options , the game 's most notable feature is its jazz fusion soundtrack .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
despite some NNS at JJ NNS , like `` NNP , '' the lyrics are JJ and the NNS do n't exactly keep you VBG , either .	13	14	VBP	are	is
new system posting of the trains has arrival .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
when the ghost city appears , a NN leads to it , starting with three stone steps on NNP .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear
regardless of the final outcome for secret pages , this user thinks NNP is a valuable resource to wikipedia and VBZ the user known as NNP is never deleted .	10	11	VBZ	thinks	think
the NN required that government agencies review each project to decide whether a NNP would allow the agency to increase efficiency and reduce costs .	5	6	VBP	review	reviews
dinner preparations include NNP , NNP , and NNP going off to get vegetables and while at it , the two strong men play a series of games where the NN receives punishment .	30	31	VBZ	receives	receive
the organisation holds a federal congress every four years .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the rebel movement 's goal is NNP NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at the top , riders VBP a drop , turning left and rising up over an NN hill before making a JJ left hand NN .	4	5	VBP	descend	descends
the application process provides opportunities for new artists to establish themselves in an internationally recognised arena .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
examples of such an approach include south africa 's financial sector charter or indian NNS who promoted the nursing profession within india itself , which has resulted in a rapid growth in demand for nursing education and a related supply response .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
importantly , if a circle crosses the circle of NN at right angles ( NNS RB ) , it is left JJ by the NN ; it is transformed into itself .	4	5	VBZ	crosses	cross
animals , plants , streams and people are all the same except in the form they have assumed following this great split .	0	7	VBP	are	is
people in the city of NNP speak a unique dialect which sounds nothing like standard NNP or any other dialect , and it is also holds distinctive differences from surrounding dialects .	0	6	VBP	speak	speaks
the game has a NN atmosphere and musical score , along with some images of blood and a very JJ NN owner .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
these districts are on the floor or the neighboring hills of a broad , dry valley that slopes gradually RB from the NNP plains to the NNP pass , a route through the mountains to NNP and afghanistan .	1	2	VBP	are	is
experimental techniques which can directly measure the mechanical properties of dna are relatively new , and NN NN in solution is often difficult .	1	11	VBP	are	is
a NN IN the rim NN of the JJ bowl of the ear is flat , rather than folded NNS ; it is an evolutionary NN from when the human head muscles permitted the person to RB VB up the ears in a given direction .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
NN systems tend to be the least NN because of their lower power and operating frequency in the NNP range , which makes it easy to shield against .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
even when an employee of his , NNP asks about the raise he was promised and when harvey VBZ again to having VBN and not giving NNP so much as a penny more , NNP VBZ harvey out and NNS .	3	8	VBZ	asks	ask
the band wears NNS with the number `` 12 '' on then , VBG they are the `` 12th member '' of the football team .	1	2	VBZ	wears	wear
a JJ pyramid is a NN in which one of the edges between two JJ faces has collapsed into a point .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article is a ga and has seen a lot of work from me recently .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the melody used is that of the national anthem of the uk , `` god save the queen '' , arranged by thomas NNP and used by many commonwealth NNS and several other NNS .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
no editor NN over other editors to make his edits stick .	9	10	VBP	stick	sticks
this category is for new NNP who are or were NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this version contains six tracks , corresponding to tracks 1 , 3 , 4 , 8 , 12 , and 13 from the full album .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
because this article seems to be using the former method , RB .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the inner ring shows the NN , which is the age of the moon on the first of january of the current year .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
in the myth , `` a beautiful young woman named maria falls in love and VBZ a NN , rich boy , and their union is blessed with two sons and a daughter '' .	8	11	VBZ	falls	fall
however , being in an ocean environment , the transfer of disease organisms from the wild fish to the NN fish is an JJ risk .	9	21	VBZ	is	are
authorities and JJ manufacturers are generally reluctant to share the results of NNP radar tests and the test derived drag NNS ( cd ) of NNS with the general public .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the set consists of CD cards and was released on february 14 , 2000 .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
i think the more likely explanation of sc behavior is a RB JJ conception of social and academic NNS and he was likely in line with his own understanding of good behavior .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
children often learn about NN through summer camps that are across canada and the united states , with varying sizes of NNS .	0	2	VBP	learn	learns
the current editor of the journal is JJ NNP , a professor of international relations at the middle east technical university ( NNP ) ( NNP , turkey ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it can be shown that for cold giant gas planets such as jupiter and saturn there is no thermal driven atmospheric escape of significance while for smaller and JJR planets such as earth only light atoms may escape in this manner ( heavier atoms stay ) .	43	44	VBP	stay	stays
iranian influence , especially in the royal figures and the NN of NNS used , is even stronger .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
first airplane lands at pearson field .	1	2	VBZ	lands	land
flowers are most often blue in color , although pink flowers are sometimes observed .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the name clearly fits the person , as he is an RB talented teacher , having received numerous awards for this .	1	3	VBZ	fits	fit
the NNS of this species are light JJ brown , VBN with JJ and RB VBN with darker brown .	1	5	VBP	are	is
keep - lists are much more useful than categories in a lot of ways , and political documentary is an JJ topic .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
in each episode , a home NN looks at three homes that need renovation in order to meet their needs for the house .	6	7	VBZ	looks	look
the only reason i can think of for this sort of NN is to preserve the battery when there appears to be no load ( in which case the NNP should look for any load , rather than something greater than CD ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
this gives information on whether the compound is an NN , NN , JJ or metal and upon the type of NN and the mobility in the VBN bands ( if present ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
before the second set begins with `` 2001 '' , NNP NNP informs the audience of the current score of game 7 of the 1994 nba finals ( `` first quarter , houston by 5 '' ) .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
the church leaders are ministers , teachers , and NNS , though the positions may vary slightly in the various branches .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the independent local radio stations are 96 .	4	5	VBP	are	is
one of the NNS ( called the `` die '' ) is VBN with a design that VBZ a new image into the metal as the coin passes through it .	26	27	VBZ	passes	pass
at an elevation of 200 m , its surface area is 9 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
in NNP county , the district covers union township .	5	6	VBZ	covers	cover
relations between regions range from friendly `` rivalry '' to `` alliance '' and are subject to combinations and divisions that occur due to membership NN .	0	3	VBP	range	ranges
the major NN is that the cable , as its name implies , is not very flexible , and is not intended to be VBN after initial forming .	10	11	VBZ	implies	imply
digital NNS are capable of recording call NNS such as , call time , call length , and NN id .	1	2	VBP	are	is
for commercial airline service , NNP residents use ronald reagan washington national airport , washington NNP international airport or NNP international airport .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
this group VBZ experts in the field , including members of state houses and state legislative groups , to participate in panel discussions , JJ NNS , and networking events focused on current issues in the states .	1	2	VBZ	invites	invite
once the NNP of the thing is VBN , the NNP will VB to RB understand how all the levels that once separated him and god are actually all one .	19	26	VBP	are	is
the first picture is beautiful , but i think is a little confusing for the JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
as NNP 's spread out over multiple communities , the NN who can have most people vote for him , will win that one , even though i can name ten NNS that 're far more helpful , and that 's just from one community .	15	16	VBP	vote	votes
however , when the article you 're writing is about someone like one of john NNP 's former NNS then it 's a different case entirely .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
even if it is true in a JJ way , our article needs to be updated to reflect that for an NNP entry .	11	12	VBZ	needs	need
it is known that every integral NNP NN which is both JJ and VBZ to a unit at 1 is the alexander NN of a NN ( NNP 1996 ) .	7	19	VBZ	is	are
this article is about a different , newly formed band that has yet to release an album .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first records indicating permanent english settlements in the bay islands show that port royal , on the island of NNP , was again occupied in the year CD .	2	11	VBP	show	shows
the body element contains paragraph , table , and list elements , similar to html .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
unable to VB them properly , he VBZ her to a NN where she is supposed to meet her friend but the friend never shows .	22	24	VBZ	shows	show
the route continues into NNP township and passes through NNP creek , heading northeast through more rural areas away from the creek .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the story VBZ around the often JJ , sometimes genius , private NN harry NNP in his search for a NN victim .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the exact age of the walls is unknown , but they have an old appearance .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the central industrial security force , a JJ organisation is in charge of airport security under the regulatory frame work of the bureau of civil aviation security ( ministry of civil aviation security ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
as robert tries to find anna and NNP , the alpha male and another NNP enter the house , NN alpha male attacks him .	21	22	VBZ	attacks	attack
his NNS are under the altar of san NNP al NNP in rome .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the first element is the name of the river NNP and the last element is the plural form of NN which means `` wood '' .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
following a fire the nave was replaced but the NN remains .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain
in NNP at NN the JJ NN has six NN branches .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
trusted status should mostly be something that people get almost automatically and never have to worry about again .	7	8	VBP	get	gets
the NNP episode is a NN of the harold NNP play `` NNP '' and has a character named `` NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
performance , body and visual parts that can be bought in the game are also from real life companies .	5	13	VBP	are	is
native client uses NNP as its c library , but a port of NNP NN is also available .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the more general term `` NNS '' incorporates the entire medium , including private organizational news systems .	3	7	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
the nearest NNS are in the NNP suburb .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in many NN techniques , the solution is intentionally left still to allow NN controlled mass transfer .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
their oppose can stay , but the truth needs to be heard .	7	8	VBZ	needs	need
the teacher is the child 's assistant and ally in this struggle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his vote VBZ the other NNS , especially NNP 7 ( jack NNP ) , who has tickets to a baseball game that evening ; and NNP 10 ( ed NNP ) , who believes that most people from NN backgrounds are more likely to commit crimes .	37	41	VBP	are	is
the role these play is not clear .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
there is no evidence that this person is the son of actor john NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the mountain village of NNP hosts the saint NNP monastery and the holy shrine of saint NNP ( CD ) , the first lebanese saint ( officially VBN by pope paul vi in 1977 ) , both significant religious NNP christian holy sites .	2	5	VBZ	hosts	host
most NNS have a NN feature .	1	2	VBP	have	has
courses offered are identical to those available in melbourne and graduates are awarded australian NNS .	0	2	VBP	are	is
the lyrics in the song seem to agree with several aspects of NNP 's life .	1	5	VBP	seem	seems
excessive worry is the main component of JJ NN disorder .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
tax NNS fall in NNP countries .	1	2	VBP	fall	falls
manual NN NNS index database attributes to content by hand , typically used by the database of a `` manage '' component for administration and access .	4	5	VBZ	attributes	attribute
situated along the border of tennessee and north carolina , the state line crosses the gap , as does NNP gap road ( which becomes u .	12	13	VBZ	crosses	cross
this template is for linking to a NN search .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the project on forward engagement seeks to develop the means to incorporate systematic NN thinking into national and global NN .	1	5	VBZ	seeks	seek
the blue of the shield represents day with a typical cloud formation VBG weather , the NN being the 2nd NNP is on duty night and day , VBG and VBG the weather elements .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent
the spiritual role of judaism is to reach the level of VBG the truth of the NN , that all is one , spiritual and physical creation being VBN into absolute divine NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
when the NN relief valve opens very quickly , it VBZ to a reservoir called the NN relief tank ( floating roof , JJ tank , closed tank etc .	4	5	VBZ	opens	open
no one seems to be listing this race as competitive , and the campaign website seems to have nothing biographical about the candidate .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the current redirect , NNP reynolds , is a NN and should be deleted .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
clearly scholars make errors too and in the case of NNP some of them ( but not NNP or kelly ) clearly sometimes VBN .	1	2	VBP	make	makes
JJ operating systems include red hat enterprise linux and windows NNP server 2008 .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
quality is a top priority for the marathon .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
according to these editors , any edit they personally disagree with is `` edit warring '' and `` gaming the system '' .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the tendency is that he reverts legal contributions and JJ illegal contributions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the control cities for NNP generally are wisconsin or milwaukee to the north and west , chicago or chicago loop for those heading to the central portion , and indiana to the south and east .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the overall commander of the space legion is general NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the subfamily is usually also associated with NN areas , although the NNP 's NNP is found in southern africa 's JJ areas .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP characters as we do with all other non-notable character articles .	2	5	VBP	do	does
popular NN makers include `` performance plus '' , `` VBP NNP '' , `` VBG '' , `` NNP '' , `` pyramid '' and `` NNP '' , mostly made in NN JJ brass .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
a school teacher turns to NNP in the aftermath of her NN by aliens .	2	3	VBZ	turns	turn
a green outline means that there is at least one NN .	2	3	VBZ	means	mean
i viewed it at CD and the quality is good , hardly any noise at that size .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
VBN NNS include fewer people to control and contest the elite class , environmental NN NN NNS , and the fact that fewer people would each be able to get a larger share of the world 's resources for themselves .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i see the reason why JJ NNS produce acids , not something else .	6	7	VBP	produce	produces
is n't that what the talk page is for .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
history merge is the ideal fix to the NN move .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the total population counts less than 50 mature individuals in the wild .	2	3	VBZ	counts	count
they VBP light and medium NNS , and their explosive power is much greater .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
SYM - tribe NNP the habitat consists of NN to NN forests , including JJ forests .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the only JJ positions are the fire chief and four assistant chiefs .	3	4	VBP	are	is
NNP 's other work of this year , an NNP NNP , is the life of christ told in verse form .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
article is too short with no references .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
a JJ demo of the curious village is available on its official website .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this is a rule of NN , not a law of physics , but the general idea is that you need a great deal of time working in some field in order to master NNS , gain NN , JJ elements .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
a more sophisticated version displays a light color on the screen all the time ( grey , probably ) and measures the amount of time between the vertical NN signal going to the tv and light entering the barrel of the gun .	3	4	VBZ	displays	display
the belief that NNS are more accurate due to their design is partially due to the NN fact that the NNP requires a good NN match .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the normal route to the summit starts from the heights of st .	2	6	VBZ	starts	start
notable courses that have hosted the event are NNP , lake las vegas resort , NNP creek and in los NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is
any which way , though , it counts .	2	7	VBZ	counts	count
JJ NNS VBP and NNS .	1	2	VBP	weigh	weighs
some reports say that cuba placed fourth in the medal table , ahead of argentina and mexico , after achieving 8 gold medals , 14 silver medals and 26 bronze medals .	1	2	VBP	say	says
in imaging , the company 's comprehensive product portfolio includes highly integrated NN NN ( NNP ) NNP for NN , laser , and photo solutions .	8	9	VBZ	includes	include
the concept involves replacing highways , roads , parking lots , NNS , and NNS with such a system .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve
the road then takes another turn and runs north through NNP NNP , leading towards the lion rock tunnel .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take
summers are warm to hot , and winters are cool , rarely falling below NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the JJ structures of these two proteins are almost JJ , with the only difference being the additional JJ repeat in NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is
one of the cool things about NN is that the structures have actual shapes and each atom is in a certain place ( and therefore can only VB with other things nearby ) .	10	11	VBP	have	has
hope pit 's shaft VBZ CD yards and produced coal after 1829 .	3	4	VBZ	descends	descend
main NN species are NNS , NNS , red box and NNP with areas of mountain ash and blue NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
most definitely , the theme is how the power of money NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
henry 's cousin , shane is JJ of him as he had stolen many things from him when he was younger .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the image released is a JJ version of the organization 's logo .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP said , `` same sex attracted people make JJ contributions to society , and society can no longer afford the NN to deny them the right to VB their relationships .	7	8	VBP	make	makes
the january 1901 magazine article describes NNP 's farm in detail , and states that his dairy NN was 75 NNS .	4	5	VBZ	describes	describe
permanent NNS of magnetic NNS are usually out of rare earth materials , like NN and can reach field NNS VBG 1 .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the most commonly used chronicle , because it gives a lot of geographical and JJ details , is the one written by NNP NNP in the 16th century .	4	8	VBZ	gives	give
the article , as it stands , is original research and synthesis .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP , our article on NN currently just redirects to VB .	3	8	VBZ	redirects	redirect
the back of the track , turns 7 to 13 NN , is known as NNP drive .	1	6	VBZ	turns	turn
slow start is generally preferred by NNS , but fast start is more popular amongst confirmed NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the events merit coverage , but it is better to VB them together into a single article so that the context becomes JJR .	20	21	VBZ	becomes	become
RB , we have a fairly simple way to prove that most NNS have JJ square roots .	12	13	VBP	have	has
the article is not redundant as it is a summary article and the parent article of the others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP delta returned to the studio around new year JJ , and recorded the concept album the music of NNP NNP , with the same line-up , again produced by NNP .	14	15	VBZ	album	album
things become desperate when the NNP NNP move VBZ up to the river and begin VBG shells onto the bridge VBG the squad .	0	1	VBP	become	becomes
the NNP [ or le NNP ] [ 10 ] this artist is one of the two seated women portrayed in the NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
athletic teams compete in the CD division and are known as the `` pirates '' .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes
all the NN context is no good if it is original research .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
we know that a NN father is a better equipped father .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in 1969 , on 5 april , the NN was destroyed by fire , the cause of which is still unknown .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
gng as clearly as the fact grass is green .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the center allows visitors to see this changing relationship through exhibits , films , tours , historical NNS , and other educational and recreational programs .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
tom NNP `` when people think of natural NN that could mean a lot of things .	4	5	VBP	think	thinks
but the article is about the actual objects , not the saying .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
assassination ( murder with NN ) and murder in some special case ( if the victim is a child under 15 , parents , people with disabilities , police officer etc .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this page has a list of articles related to environmental history , the study of human interaction with the natural world over time .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a brewery NN is the nearest outlet for a brewery 's NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the route then travels past albert park and VBZ the royal adelaide golf club between NNP park and east NNP stations .	1	3	VBZ	travels	travel
some korean universities and colleges have contents in english .	2	5	VBP	have	has
a close up shot reveals the same JJ leg used by one of the NNS earlier in the episode .	3	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal
therefore every federal council member gets a turn at least once every seven years .	4	5	VBZ	gets	get
this unusual type of citizenship by descent is an intermediate form of citizenship in that it does not grant the full portfolio of rights enjoyed by indian citizens .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
preferred habitats include NN , fields and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
today no single administrative entity covers the territory of the former NNP .	4	5	VBZ	covers	cover
the JJ lens VBZ the laser into a plane while the JJ lens VBZ the plane into a thin sheet .	2	3	VBZ	expands	expand
rivers and streams are not only NNS of water , but also of NN .	0	3	VBP	are	is
various types of licenses exist , VBG the maximum vessel size indicated in gross NN and in what geographic areas the captain can operate .	1	4	VBP	exist	exists
restore - band is notable now , article should be in the article namespace .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the reason why NNS of pr want this picture in the NN is a transparent emotional NN , RB to VB NN and direct NN towards a living person .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
all the articles also include a full infobox with publication information , character listings , etc .	2	4	VBP	include	includes
public space is commonly shared and created for open usage throughout the community , whereas private space is individually or RB owned .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
very rarely do any of the minerals show JJ form , but the small NNS fit closely together like the fragments of a NN ; they are usually of nearly equal dimensions .	14	15	VBP	fit	fits
the school has a biology lab , chemistry lab , physics lab , mathematics lab and computer lab having 20 computers with internet facilities .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
its name literally means `` JJ NN .	1	3	VBZ	means	mean
most initial symptoms of NN are similar to symptoms for irregular JJ function .	2	5	VBP	are	is
term papers are not generally ( if ever ) presented at international academic NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the idea is to treat the solar system NN and a distant NN as opposite ends of an JJ arm in space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN provides free basic service , and extra features for a fee .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the NNP inscription of NNP ii is an JJ record VBG a NN to the buddhist establishment at NNP in the reign of king NNP ii ( circa ce NNP ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
where part of a property is to be empty for a short time , a JJ form of empty relief exists for that empty part .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the station is a side platform station with a passenger bridge crossing at the north and VBZ to both sides of it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) is an assembly constituency in NNP district in the indian state of west bengal .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
these are JJ NNS where the vehicle driver is able to access the parking independently .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
i am not sure what their problem with david NNP is , but it lead to the NNP NNP NNP page being protected because of their edit war .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNP medical college and hospital ( NNP ) is a medical college in indian state of NNP and in the town of NNP at NNP district , the nearest post office is NNP .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
VBG aside , i 've been working on the great phil NNP 's page since october last year and after two peer reviews and several NNS from users such as NNP , i think it 's ready for this .	22	33	VBP	think	thinks
the experimental rate equation can help to identify which step is JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
if the redirect stands , the existing article must be balanced .	2	3	VBZ	stands	stand
all student NNS were VBN in the summer of 2012 and work continues in 2013 on VBG the NNS and NNS .	11	12	VBZ	continues	continue
many people think wikipedia is generally VBN and so needs a broad NN approach to VBG .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
the library is a victorian heritage listed building as part of NNP college , which includes the original NNP college building , completed in 1881 and designed by reed and barnes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
lack of fusion is the poor NN of the NN NN to the base metal ; incomplete NN is a NN NN that does not start at the root of the NN NN .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
i think it is evident from the numbers but we can let the numbers make that clear all by themselves .	13	14	VBP	make	makes
the benefit of many such food rescue programs is they offer healthy food to those in need , but who may not meet the application requirements of state NN programs .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
also featured is a four month old baby named NNP , who frequently strips naked , though this is likely because she does not understand what she is doing , and is not really out of control .	7	18	VBZ	is	are
NNP case diameter is larger than the bullet .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
regardless of what VBG pattern the called party NNS , the calling party VBZ the standard NN pattern .	4	13	VBZ	hears	hear
delete vote , so here it is again .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the town has many NNP historical landmarks , including the graves of NNP 's parents , and a monument along the st .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the road runs for its entirety through the missouri NNP , and is at times very RB and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
developed by massive entertainment and high voltage software , it was first announced in august 2000 the largest additions are an entirely new faction , the phoenix NNP , and a JJ NN campaign that VBZ on the original storyline .	18	19	VBP	are	is
most people do n't take it serious and think the JJ logo is a sort of NN of various letters without meaning .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
they wrote that women , due to their structural places in society , have different models of reality .	3	13	VBP	have	has
the las vegas NNP , in a feature story and review of the book , wrote , `` the picture ( NNP ) NNS of the metropolitan police department in the book is not a VBG one .	19	32	VBZ	is	are
as in american law , the burden of proof is on the NN .	6	9	VBZ	is	are
well-known NNP NNP alumni include , greg NNP , jeff NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , bill NNP , kenneth NNP , special master for NNP executive compensation , bill NNP , NNP NNP NNP , NNP cole , julius `` dr .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the NN hypothesis is a hypothesis proposed by professor richard NNP in 2001 that suggested increased sea surface temperature in the NNS would result in reduced NN clouds and thus more JJ radiation NN from earth 's atmosphere .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
blp mess ( true , some negative things are sourced in articles , but in the case of trevor NNP , for example , the source is out of date .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the NN continues and arrived at the square carriers lie on a table the statue of san NNP placing it in front of the stage , decorated for the occasion , which acts as hell .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the developments of the following decade were not JJ for the carnival ; the continuous wars and conflicts ( NNP wars , world war i , asia minor campaign ) send the men in the war front and brought economic crisis and NN to the city .	15	30	VBP	send	sends
an NN is not independent , and his clothes appearing in music videos does not indicate notability , although a newspaper article about that might .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP church in NNP has NNS from the same period , though in a slightly different style .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
generic rule books have to cover features and aspects that might be of little use in some settings .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a fixed shooter , the game bears no resemblance to the arcade game NNP .	2	6	VBZ	bears	bear
people from remote areas often visit it in order to purchase goods .	0	5	VBP	visit	visits
her art VBZ the relationships between NN and NN , contemporary life and the ancient past .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
another example of why all 1911 articles need professional attention and why VBG them into wikipedia is n't very helpful .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
we have two directly VBG sources , one has to be right , the other wrong .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
registration of a NNP gives its owner and the JJ users the exclusive right to use the NNS on the good in which it is registered .	0	4	VBZ	gives	give
his parents are of swiss and NNP heritage ; his mother was a NN and NN ; his father was a NN owner .	1	2	VBP	are	is
a second possible NN of the name is that it could come from the NNP `` NN '' , meaning great and `` ham '' ( NN ) , but the former explanation is the most likely .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the ongoing cost is minimal due to low maintenance equipment with low power consumption - some stations in remote areas even use solar power .	16	21	VBP	use	uses
three NNS return to earth after a nuclear holocaust , although one dies in a crash landing .	1	2	VBP	return	returns
other JJ problems are likely to be present in combination with this type of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the doors also exhibit these window heads .	1	3	VBP	exhibit	exhibits
NNP terms ( mostly written by me ) , this article has a notable subject because he did play a few first-class matches .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
its ingredients include water , JJ acid , JJ acid , NN NN , and NNP NNP JJ NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
arsenal station on NNP road is within five minutes walk of the southern end of NNP road .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the show ends as the credits roll to `` celebration '' , the NNS wave NN and the players are VBN by family members .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
fossils are common and have been found on many NNS , including the americas , africa , europe , and asia .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the concept of truth implies judgment and i was RB not giving my opinion on it , as i am not now .	1	4	VBZ	implies	imply
riot dress consists of a JJ jacket , which covered several pieces of body armor and includes a NN hung from the NN , an aluminum plate down the NN , and shoulder NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
one process to damage the target is to simply VB the target until it is no longer operational .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
my external hard drive has no power button .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the idea is that the enforcement group would be given wide NN to interpret broadly and enforce RB .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
both sides agree that NN VBN in the past belongs in the past , and will therefore VB their relations towards the future .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
the proposed JJ site for new NN airport in the NNP district is in NNP and the nearby NNP .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNS work best for these historical NNS on a country close to hitting moral bottom .	1	2	VBP	work	works
according to luke jesus uses the story of two NNS to explain that a woman loves him more than his host , because she has been VBN of greater NNS .	14	15	VBZ	loves	love
benefits include the NNP underground waste system which automatically removes refuse from the building to a central NN station , eliminating RB NNS and making VBG easier .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the fact that he has won opening NNS for a number of stars indicates that NNP must have a fairly good reputation .	1	13	VBZ	indicates	indicate
obviously , but the nature of the general wikipedia editor corps means this will be RB ignored .	4	11	VBZ	means	mean
the church belongs to the union of free evangelical and baptist churches of estonia ( ) .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
its main block is two NNS by four .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
current studies show that application of heat or ice , NN , and NN will not leave long-term benefits .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
kay NNP book `` death of a town '' ( 1954 ) begins in NNP and describes the time of the earthquake .	2	12	VBZ	begins	begin
in common with the continental NNP culture , horse NNS and vehicle NNS were developed and links with the late NNP culture and NNP early c are apparent .	16	26	VBP	are	is
so the innocent school boy act is JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
another well known JJ family is the present-day family of NNP found in county NNP and who historically were the NNS of st patrick 's church in the diocese of NNP and at NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the degree of modification permitted is a function of the started task program and the limits of the environment .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the journal covers both russian and world history .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
a NN published for the hotel describes it as the following .	1	6	VBZ	describes	describe
the film is a sequel to NNP 's 2007 remake of NNP ( 1978 ) , and the second film in the VBN NNP film series and the tenth NN of the franchise overall .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this loss , combined with her desire to sell off a piece of property that includes the living quarters of her JJ mother , ends up sending her on a journey of emotional and spiritual transformation .	1	24	VBZ	ends	end
the entire NNP land is flat and situated in the JJ tropical forest zone which is dominated by the oil palm tree .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
notability ( films ) , which says if a film is in development , actual production may never be reached .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the NNP mechanism means that the JJ tax is the same as it would be with a sales tax .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( boyfriend of grace , 2010 ) ; according to marketing materials , the NNP character enjoys football and making movies , and is interested in history .	16	17	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy
this discussion is about your making personal attacks on another editor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this second workshop gives rise to public performances and places the students in a process that VBZ each stage of the creative process .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
this dish is common at christmas , easter and NNP , where it is frequently eaten with NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
keep someone has now posted a link to the eu paper , and while the whole thing is still JJ NNS there is enough data there to turn it into a proper article .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
nearly half of the great retreat page appears to be concerned with the actual NNP battle itself .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear
main NNS are NNP NN , NNP NN , NNP NN , NNP , NNP , NNP , other types of NNP , NNP and various types of NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the sequel begins in 1945 , during a period extensive american NN over major japanese cities .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the representations of a line and a curve as marks on a piece of paper or as NNS on a computer screen have a positive width .	1	22	VBP	have	has
a JJ horse , usually called `` NNP '' in JJ literature , appears on the reverse with the name NNP .	2	13	VBZ	appears	appear
her name means literally `` with a body like a rose flower '' in persian .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
at the spot , the through road is narrow and VB RB while the side road is much wider and more level and appears to be the proper continuation .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the afternoon community celebrations are of an informal character , including a programme of NNS and NNS in saint NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
because the shells of sea snails are strong and JJ in many cases , as a group they are well represented in the fossil record .	2	6	VBP	are	is
gene NNP , the song is about an older man with a crush on a 16 year old girl named christine .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the editor shows significant coverage of a number of saskatchewan newly created or updated articles in any area or topic .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
automatic weapons tend to be restricted to military and police organizations in most developed countries that permit the use of JJ firearms .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
and prayer is n't just a JJ man belief , that hardly anybody actually believes in .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the surfaces of stone tools are often the subject of much attention .	1	5	VBP	are	is
academy company is a term used for an organization that is well known as a place to start a professional career and provides leaders to other companies .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the only reference is the manga itself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a version of this tale survives only in NNP saga NNP in which the NNP are two JJ kings of sweden and NNP is their champion .	1	5	VBZ	survives	survive
NNP creek flows through the area and is important for wildlife such as NNP and water rat .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
NNP is wholly owned by rogers media , although the `` NNP '' name continues to be licensed from NNP group , publishers of outdoor life magazine .	13	14	VBZ	continues	continue
plant models and JJ organic forms are easy to define , as by increasing the NN level the form slowly VBZ ' and becomes more complex .	1	6	VBP	are	is
this article was written on the false NN that the subject post is a shadow cabinet post in the uk .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
these improvements include JJ , motor and JJ function , with a decrease in NN and pain .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the JJ or JJ surface of the skull has structures for the NN of muscles that would have held the head above the body .	4	8	VBZ	has	have
it may also have been a kind of JJ NN , to let other prisoners know that they should move out of the way - death row prisoners being seen as an elite within the prison system .	14	15	VBP	know	knows
it also provides an understanding of the role that the intersection plays in the travel patterns , public transportation , and both JJ and JJ modes of transportation .	10	11	VBZ	plays	play
a JJ catalog of the entire NNP series is currently in production .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this NN usually has a JJ NN that may have white NNS across it .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the district has the most parishes in suffolk , with a total of CD parishes and towns .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
perhaps NNP 's greatest attraction is the thames NN itself , and the JJ public houses that face onto it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in fact , the JJ team ' section of the site is about the NNP national team !	7	11	VBZ	is	are
speakers sometimes call their language NNP NNP or NNP NNP , both of which mean CD language ' .	0	2	VBP	call	calls
in ad 250 on a coin of NNP the roman province of NNP holds a JJ or JJ standard .	10	13	VBZ	holds	hold
these editions generally have many features disabled , arbitrary limits on simulation design size , but are offered free of charge .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the largest single religion by NNS is islam .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
but enemies are not at bay for him .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the house is historical place that is continue to grow and create more history .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ matter is best and if on the surface helps prevent the destruction of soil structure and the creation of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the interface developers are the team who have commit access to the tool , and as such can modify the latest development version of the tool in the code NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
and thanks to NNP , we also have a model example of a JJ fac collaboration .	1	7	VBP	have	has
the first day of battle leaves rama 's army victorious .	2	5	VBZ	leaves	leave
NNP 's brother arrives with the creatures ' princess , who both explain that the heart stone was going to be shared between the two races .	2	3	VBZ	arrives	arrive
figures include NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
if the desire is to VB to a particular patient , then that patient 's JJ center is the one which should be contacted .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
of all the countries , the countries of NNP and pennsylvania are the strongest .	6	11	VBP	are	is
the airport operator is NNP NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ that this kind of JJ learning `` relies RB on NNS ' tendency to identify with adults , and on their ability to distinguish in the actions of others the underlying goal and the different means that might be used to achieve it .	4	9	VBZ	relies	rely
compared to the dark themes he took up earlier , NNP tone is relatively lighter .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
professionals who work in this field are often members of NNP .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the free online stores have at times created challenges for new users who were JJ with html and NNP .	3	4	VBP	have	has
the area has little to no native wild flora and fauna due to the fact that it was underwater until the 20th century and the area is nearly completely JJ .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the concern over NN is a valid one , as the book VBZ how little is known about alpha waves ( for instance ) .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN plane is a type of plane used to remove large amounts of wood from the surface of lumber , such as when eliminating cup or twist in the first stages of preparing rough stock , or when reducing the NN of a board significantly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first NNP was assigned in 1995 , for the song `` dancing queen '' by NNP ; the code is CD .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
my only concern is with the JJ political topics it might and VB and lack of information in some of the NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
looking at the composite , the nominated image is really the odd one out and somewhat JJ with the full profile and the JJ views .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
no trace of the castle remains , and the site is occupied by a park .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain
has been in 10 films according to imdb entry , but i am not sure that the films are themselves sufficiently notable ( and therefore would give her notability that way ) .	17	18	VBP	are	is
being part of this project is itself something to be proud of .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a good rule of NN is three times the number of unique members ; so a forum with 5 , 500 members would need 16 , 500 posts .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the game spans eight stages and extends are set to 30 , 000 and a second at 150 , 000 points .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
the history of the institution dates to november 1899 when the new government authorized the establishment of a public secondary school in NNP modeled after the american school system .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date
NNP temple is a JJ temple , and is completely open on the top , as JJ prayer rituals involve VBG the NN ( environment consisting all the 5 elements of nature - fire , water , earth , sky and NN ) .	18	19	VBP	involve	involves
his family , originally from connecticut , is of irish descent .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
i do n't know if a block is necessary since the editing is not intended to be disruptive but i would appreciate an admin making a mention to the editor that this behavior can not continue .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
although JJ percent of inmates at NNP valley NNP facility are people of color , minority employees make up only three percent of the staff .	16	17	VBP	make	makes
JJ NNS '' are more accurately referred to by their actual role in the JJ cycle , for example as a NN , a terminal NN , or an NN .	1	3	VBP	are	is
no one knows what someone would keep in a JJ NN with no NN .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know
months after NNP 's death , a young man , NNP NNP , enters the lives of the shah family , introduces himself , and offers to VB and restore shah industries without any compensation .	8	13	VBZ	enters	enter
the only reason i have a lot of edits for my time here is because i spend like 10 hours a day at this place .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NN is the first JJ development made in automobile racing that has been transferred to aircraft engineering .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
instead , based on the NN of the JJ NNS , the NN probably forms a short NN that can be embedded into different protein NNS .	12	14	VBZ	forms	form
the pain of NN is less severe than in NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
if the article you are talking about is helen NNP NNP then i agree with the other NNS , this article is most definitely not a stub and the stub template can VB gone .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
they also argue against the NN of geographic NNS , as usage is not always universal ( though generally is ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
rowing boats , NNS and other necessary equipment are stored at the NNS and it is on that and other reaches of the river that training for the annual head of the river rowing competition takes place .	25	35	VBZ	takes	take
another point of view is that this construction is not really an example of a `` double negative '' but simply a JJ template for NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a grand jury was called in accordance to nebraska law which requires a grand jury investigate any death that occurs while a subject is in police custody .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
neither variant is preferred over the other at wikipedia except in cases where a local pronunciation is clearly more relevant ( such as a place in the NNP community or a NNP artist ) .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the central character is a woman whose life is VBN on sexual relationships .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
several elementary functions which are defined via power series may be defined in any JJ NNP algebra ; examples include the JJ function and the JJ functions , and more generally any entire function .	18	19	VBP	include	includes
the working groups are a structure which will VB some roles within NNP and enhance coordination within NNP and communication between parts of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the second NN corresponds to the number of powered NNS .	2	3	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
free exchange of ideas is fine .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ slogan the NNP also uses , in reference to its intended NNS , points out about them , `` [ they 're ] not asking for a NN , just a hand .	2	15	VBZ	points	point
the style is the most commonly used to accompany dances .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is very well sourced , but a few things i know need to be looked at are the speakers and visitors section , the athletics section , the NNP section , the lead paragraph , and the image usage .	10	13	VBP	need	needs
the full list of NNP reports is at [ 4 ] .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
VBN support - the fact that sir NNP has considered the subject JJ and withdrawn from NN is a serious concern .	4	17	VBZ	is	are
if you need any further proof that this show is significant , take a NN at NNP NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
i assume is what you were referring to when you added `` even that one source is questionable NN .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
several recent studies find a wage penalty for NN in the united states .	2	3	VBP	find	finds
i believe this article is a possible hoax ( maybe even an attack article on similarly named schools ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ fin is a few inches RB to the tail and is white or pale blue , with JJ rays on it and a high , JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP ( from the greek NNP , ex , `` out '' and NNP , NN , `` work '' ) is a form of NN where one idea is repeated and only the way it is stated is changed .	18	21	VBZ	is	are
the group 's members are musical pioneers in JJ folk and , by VBG a wide variety of traditional music forms and instruments , in the development of world music .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in its JJS form , the NNP problem consists in VBG a point d with respect to three points a , b , and c in such a way that the sum of the distances between d and each of the three other points is VBN .	7	8	VBZ	consists	consist
the most successful club is NNP sporting with twenty titles and the current champion is NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
am '' at the beginning of a NN on a wire story tell editors that the story is meant for morning papers , while the letters `` NNP '' indicate that the story is a NN to an earlier story .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
this guy seems highly VBN and dangerous .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
while all NNS use NN for fuel , certain JJ NNS alter their firing rates in response to rising or falling levels of NN .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
its first part consists of an JJ theme , marked JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
its infrastructure includes a camping site , several JJ NNS , NNS , and rest rooms .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the greatest and most common exception of all is that the JJ case follows some NNS .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the first function of mythology is to VB VBG consciousness to the NN NN et NNS of this universe as it is .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
yet in humans this is what has happened - you dont need much NN to survive ( other animals get along without it ) yet somehow we have developed this NN and ability to do things such as NN NN which natural selection has played no part in .	18	19	VBP	get	gets
contributors include bull , NNP , gene NNP , jane NNP , john m .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
this successor company is now a part of NNP west scotland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
jack remarks that the phone number which called all the victims was the same and that the number is POS ' .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
accredited hospitals are the only hospitals in the u .	1	2	VBP	are	is
an NNP wall switch is about the size of a traditional NN , but includes all of the electronics necessary to communicate with other NNP modules .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NN model is the appropriate technique in these cases , especially when the dependent variable categories are not ordered ( for examples colors like red , blue , green ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
while NNP still VBZ that the JJ viewing distance is a position where the display occupies a 40 degree view angle for the viewer , they too provide a range recommendation .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
notice that quite a lot of the notes are not statements that a source supports something in the article .	13	14	VBZ	supports	support
NNP past initiatives include the `` NNP '' , JJ housing and JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
census bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and , or 26 .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
if they want to find what syndicated show is on a station , their answer is not wikipedia , they can just go to the tv network 's website .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
since he is a living person it is RB possible to obtain a free image of him , so wikipedia policy is not to allow fair use images of such people .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the NNS worn by parade staff still bear the original classic parade logo , this being the only place where that logo can be found .	1	7	VBP	bear	bears
the village also hosts a large army barracks , which is the zimbabwe school of infantry , formerly shaw barracks for the JJ african rifles from 1976 to 1980 .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
however , all the branches of the family preserve the tradition that the name was originally NNP or NNP NNP , a NNP surname ) .	4	8	VBP	preserve	preserves
the lady eagles volleyball team also competes at the JJ level .	4	6	VBZ	competes	compete
at an elevation of 43 m , its surface area is 1 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
as NNP and his NNS train under their tough teacher , the NNP tournament gets underway .	13	14	VBZ	gets	get
this article uses the term `` tax '' to VB a variety of JJ methods the government used .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the exact mechanisms by which this transfer takes place , whether all or only some memories are retained permanently , and indeed the existence of a genuine distinction between the two stores , remain controversial topics among experts .	6	7	VBZ	takes	take
this article claims that NNS should place NNP elements that they respond to with the right hand on the right side of the screen , and those that they respond to with the left hand on the left side , to VB reaction time .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim
NNP 's most famous composition is NNP , a JJ dance originally published in 1776 under the title of sir NNP grant of NNP 's NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the three sisters , NNP , NNP and NNP , louise and her friend , joan NNP , RB suggest the JJ representations of morgan le NNP in NNP legend .	2	19	VBP	suggest	suggests
an NN and novelist , NNP 's works are important social and political NNS of the 20th century .	7	8	VBP	are	is
his major projects include melbourne 's parliament station , the jam factory complex in south NNP , the NNP knox in NNP south and the controlled developments of dinner plain alpine village near mount NNP , victoria .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the above names are a very strong evidence to the strong impact and link to the bible of its JJ origin .	2	3	VBP	are	is
music says that their side projects are .	5	6	VBP	are	is
unlike NN and NN , NNP RB kill predators ; instead , their aggressive NNS tend to condition predators to seek JJ ( thus , JJ animal ) prey .	14	15	VBP	tend	tends
each trailer features commentary on the art , craft , and history of NN .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the test is that non-free content is used only if its presence would significantly increase readers ' understanding of the topic , and its NN would be JJ to that understanding .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
usually diesel engine is more fuel flexible than gasoline engine , it can burn any heavy JJ liquid provided it have enough heat , but unfortunately they can not accept gas like natural gas or NN , they need a NN source for that CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the basis for each inclusion on this article is opinion , and the title is written in NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
his father is african-american and his mother is also JJ .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the shell is rather thin , VBN , RB RB VBN and crossed by VBG lines .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
collectively , the gang takes it on the NN for their dog .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
the american philosopher michael NNP argues , `` the very fact that a species is near extinction implies that its final demise will have JJ impact .	10	17	VBZ	implies	imply
the process takes approximately 19 minutes and each half hour an NN lab team NNS and NNS each batch .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
english is the official language ; only a few people still speak french NN .	9	11	VBP	speak	speaks
thus , for the NNP NNP , the minimum number of votes required is CD , being NNS of its CD members .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
however , the JJ religion of ethnic french outside of france , for example in quebec , remains to this day roman catholicism ( [ 8 ] ) and according to statistics ( NN .	4	17	VBZ	remains	remain
a further part of NNP NNP practice is development of feeling connections between one part of the body and another .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
he is friends with NNP ( NNP wayne ) whose real name is nelson NNP pp .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the village belongs to the archdiocese of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
the region of the NNP represents an extremely important area with respect to ancient population migration and expansion , and the spread of the NNP , NNP , JJ and NNP languages , as well as the extinction of the local NNP languages .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent
certain laws are in place in scotland to protect the welfare of children under the age of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most tourists visit NNP sound , though walking in the more accessible eastern parts of the alps is a popular activity .	1	2	VBP	visit	visits
his son , NNP ( NNP di NNP ) tries to free him by setting off NNS where he was working .	1	9	VBZ	tries	try
the only NN is that in this version anything in double square NNS is taken as a link , even if JJ applies or it is in other NNS or has a NN in it or something that prevents it from appearing as a proper link .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
such places are cities or villages ( if incorporated ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as the bridge starts , she begins doing a fierce dance routine , while constantly switching NNS .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start
its primary aims are to run NNP NNP in the uk and to promote the sport to the rest of the JJ world .	2	3	VBP	are	is
his trainer is his father , NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the label is under virgin records , who themselves are under emi .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the game features a JJ clock , and the NN of the environment depends on the time of day .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
until today , the descendants of napoleon NNP , and their political supporters , still claim the title of emperor and want to VB the monarchy , i .	12	15	VBP	claim	claims
low quality ( seems to be a NN ) image .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
eventually a point is reached where the minerals start to VB out .	7	8	VBP	start	starts
NNP argued that JJ drives ( id ) , moral and value NNS ( NN ) , and requirements of external reality all make demands upon an individual .	18	23	VBP	make	makes
the problem is that there is no `` plain '' feature for mw .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the print is reminiscent of many other christian religious NNS because it clearly focuses on the figure of jesus in the centre of the scene .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the political establishment has been reluctant to change this `` JJ '' system , because citizens VBP it as critical to the country 's stability .	15	16	VBP	perceive	perceives
everyone 's movie is different , of course , but as the main character in your movie , you do the most `` writing '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and when a small river runs into a greater , it VBZ both the name and stream .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run
one such source is the encyclopedia of cleveland history ( [ 13 ] ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
comments two JJ links need to be located and if at all addressed .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
vote for one or two of the three quotes ( depending on whether the length of the article supports that level of balance ) and move on .	14	18	VBZ	supports	support
support the opposition comments are not JJ but i have worked with brian for quite a while here on en , on NNP work where he is active and as a fellow NNP on NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as a JJ leader and NN , charles writes the sacred texts of the order , and is subsequently accused of NN by the christian church and attacked .	3	8	VBZ	writes	write
the obvious NN differences are the additional NN NNS and mirror covers , and white NN paint .	10	11	VBZ	covers	cover
delete , official visits by heads of state are routine and highly staged events .	3	8	VBP	are	is
the page still only has one english source .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the motor also functions in the same manner for an NN scenario .	1	3	VBZ	functions	function
if that communication is not technically false but is still misleading then a NN of false light might have occurred .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the portion of us 22 between NNP and NNP roughly follows the alignment of the jersey NNP , which was chartered in 1806 .	1	10	VBZ	follows	follow
this forest is now home to many endangered species of europe .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in all cases the theory is finite , JJ free and well defined .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the lead track sounds like a mix between `` rocks off '' NN stones and NNP elvis .	2	3	VBZ	sounds	sound
this means of course that the relative velocity NNS have to be directed RB RB with respect to the observers .	8	9	VBP	have	has
mathematics papers are indeed subject to copyright .	1	2	VBP	are	is
NNP project VBZ NNS at critical sites on europe 's JJ margin , VBG to make major advances in knowledge of their distribution and functioning , and their contribution to VB goods and services .	1	2	VBZ	investigates	investigate
NNP brothers get away with only minor injuries .	1	2	VBP	get	gets
NNP 's main objective is to claim the NNP gift of NNP , which he believes can be given by VBG one of the royal NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the founder of NNP is of JJ ancestry .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the region VBZ over a large area including several villages and towns .	1	2	VBZ	spreads	spread
the subject of this article is the ( international ) response to the incident , which goes beyond NNS , even if the article is mostly made of that at the moment .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
other materials such as wheat and JJ require high amounts of pressure to produce heat .	1	7	VBP	require	requires
if an article is about a person or organization , list its NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the problem is they seemed to have VBN or VBN as to what the view of RB deaf people actually was .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the mission of florida sea grant , which is headquartered at the university of florida in NNP , florida , is to help create a sustainable coastal economy and environment through research , education , and extension .	1	20	VBZ	is	are
most NNS in this category are historical ; the only money in use on the korean peninsula today is in the form of north korean won and south korean won .	1	5	VBP	are	is
it VBZ an educational article about the academic entity that the logo represents .	11	12	VBZ	represents	represent
the map is currently in use in the article late middle ages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN is valuable while solving numerous computing problems whose mathematical models are JJ .	10	11	VBP	are	is
the central colorado volcanic field is a volcanic field in colorado , usa .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
thus , a male bee always has one parent , and a female bee has two .	4	6	VBZ	has	have
each regional office is an independent JJ subsidiary responsible for its employees .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it 's JJ skin and VBG powers make it a danger to all whom NNP and NNP come into contact with , leaving them no choice but to learn more about NNP 's true nature .	6	7	VBP	make	makes
theme songs are significant enough parts of a work of fiction to for creating it to be considered a major contribution .	1	2	VBP	are	is
trees in the garden include NNP NNS , NNP NN , NN NN , NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
he claims his JJ nature is due to a JJ disorder ' , which supposedly gives him a JJ NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
VBG NNS claims that students lose more than per week and maintain this weight loss , on average .	4	5	VBP	lose	loses
his middle name is in honor of his NN , prominent JJ saint leader NNP richards .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for that matter , your user name suggests you have a direct interest in the specific edit being questioned by NNP on the NN page , one could VB then that you must have more than a casual interest in placing your comments here .	6	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest
wind based NN deposits also form an important parent material for prairie soils .	3	5	VBP	form	forms
the NNS are to out no one or to out everyone .	1	2	VBP	are	is
statistical hypothesis tests define a procedure that controls ( NNS ) the probability of incorrectly deciding that a default position ( JJ hypothesis ) is incorrect based on how likely it would be for a set of observations to occur if the JJ hypothesis were true .	2	3	VBP	define	defines
all those facilities are available on NNP , which hosts the NNP software ( or at least a copy of an older version ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the JJ connection represents a significant portion of the whole JJ output .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent
all secondary students have their own network accounts and space to store files .	2	3	VBP	have	has
its seat is in the heart , and it must be an JJ part of our very being .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it has also been described as belonging to the genus NNP , which contains several NNS in the genus NNP that share characteristics , such as a larger bill and a patch of yellow under the bend of the wing , that other members of the genus do not .	22	47	VBP	do	does
a variant spelling of the irish NNP is NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the majority of the remaining land is VB with about of NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the engineer regiment is the basic combat engineer unit , JJ to an infantry battalion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
JJ radio frequency radiation from mobile phones , electric power transmission , and other similar sources have been described as a possible NN by the world health organization 's international agency for research on cancer , but the link remains JJ .	38	39	VBZ	remains	remain
the JJ protection proposal seems like it would be a more targeted and JJ tool for VBG vandalism of NNP , instead of changing the process for editing the whole site .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem
the second car appears in the distance , and max VBZ everyone to take cover .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear
olympic history makes him an individual keep , as long as the article is expanded to include it .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
not all stories are to the taste of all our viewers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the first mention of NNP park is when general sir james murray is shown on local records as paying rates on some woodland .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the festival is the JJ in europe with ticket sales normally running from 70 , 000 to 100 , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
when the story of the television show begins , famous u .	2	7	VBZ	begins	begin
during the NN season from JJ to NN , dirt roads often become JJ .	10	12	VBP	become	becomes
chronic JJ JJ disease ( NNP ) caused by smoking , is a permanent , JJ ( often terminal ) reduction of JJ capacity VBN by NN of NN , VBG , persistent NN with NN , and damage to the NNS , including NN and chronic NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
sorry , VBD that the article is on a proposed theory .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
there are too many NNS of administrative NN already , and i think that making administrative NNS where one has past connections gives rise to NNS of NN .	18	19	VBZ	has	have
this category is for people who have played on the men 's basketball team at NNP area community college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the classes mostly consist of main subjects , such as algebra i and ii , biology , chemistry , history , and other required classes for passing high school .	1	3	VBP	consist	consists
a map from 1869 gives the falls its current name of lower falls for the first time and estimates the height at 350 feet .	1	4	VBZ	gives	give
a parking area east of the wall township municipal complex where the trail crosses NNP road .	12	13	VBZ	crosses	cross
this major claim from `` the editors '' is JJ and misleading .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
if an established editor is coming close to violating 3rr , it 's probably more JJ to send a brief warning in your own words ; the editor probably knows about the rule anyway .	27	29	VBZ	knows	know
the lyrics talk about the ending of a relationship , while the singer VBZ `` las VBZ de JJ NNS madrid '' ( winter NNS in madrid ) .	12	13	VBZ	remembers	remember
JJ NNS guide the sail onto the top of the boom for VBG when the sail is VBN .	1	2	VBP	guide	guides
the sport of base jumping VBZ when NNS become more and more JJ turning VBG into a JJ sport .	1	5	VBZ	progresses	progress
NNP NN JJ lung disease refers to a form of JJ JJ NN associated with smoking .	4	5	VBZ	refers	refer
the top 10 google hits include a link to some duke student 's blog .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
so even before getting to the NN paragraph , the very topic of this article is JJ .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
the only NN is , this method requires accurate JJ transfer of the course to the map in order to VB the course .	6	7	VBZ	requires	require
indeed , the network 's audience there is far larger than its american one ; winnipeg alone has a population greater than the entire state of north dakota .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
this discussion however indicates that there 's no consensus to not include an article on this person , however , so in other words , creating it as a NN of a news story should be okay .	1	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
its nearest NN is the NNP national park , world famous as one of the places on earth with the JJS NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the title is a play on the expression used by JJ operators of the day , asking the NN to `` hold the line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
during 7th and 8th grades , students must also participate in the school 's science fair ; the fair is optional for older students .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
volume i covers american races and NNS , volume ii those of the islands in the indian and pacific NNPS ; the remaining volumes , devoted to the european languages , are inferior in value to the first two .	0	2	VBZ	covers	cover
keep - only the nominator thinks this article should be deleted .	4	5	VBZ	thinks	think
the forms NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP are particularly common within the NNP region of the NNP .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the clear NN to the reader is that that criminal activity and conservative NNS have a connection .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the journey up the mountain takes 53 minutes using modern coaches .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
walking distance '' is an episode of the american television anthology series the NNP zone .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
i obviously ca n't say for sure , but i do wish the community would focus on addressing that issue rather than the issue of whether those JJ kids today have strange taste in what they write about .	28	30	VBP	have	has
bag note NNP has never been problematic and several NNS depend on it .	9	10	VBP	depend	depends
the idea of the solution is to move the king to advance on both NNS at the same time using specific properties of the chess geometry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
as the reunion party starts on the roof of the school , JJ negative energy ( also referred to as NNP energy ) , VBZ from the school to VB the monster NNP ( a monster which appeared in 1980 ) .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start
this page is clearly notable and well sourced .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its name comes from the NN NNS who once sold RB from there for use in construction .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the video is a NN of clips from the dvd are from the second detroit concert ( august 26 ) , but the audio is from the previous night 's performance .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but we sometimes forget that those are not skills that new editors possess .	11	12	VBP	possess	possesses
the project has 76 NN articles .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the third outfit , the NN suit , allows mickey and NNP can climb vertical walls as well as VBG from special kinds of circle blocks .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow
notable players include NNP NNP and gay NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
there was no time or money for NN , story development , or more than one or two takes per scene .	10	18	VBZ	takes	take
VB the book NNP , NNP is introduced in chapter 3 as a location where `` evil men '' go upon death , and into NNP .	17	19	VBP	go	goes
these lines are fine , JJ , and extend over a portion of the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
different rounds and distances use different size target faces .	1	4	VBP	use	uses
one new zealand researcher says a particular type of honey ( JJ honey ) may be useful in treating NNP NNS .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
the reason why they have not deleted the profile nicole NNP is because they have not thought of anything good to use as an excuse to delete it .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the closing credits show illustrations depicting the NNS of the other characters , indicating that beetle got his wings back , NNP survived the fall and married a female NN ( who is as ugly as him ) , mr .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
a now widely VBN photo of NNP , hosted by the webb campaign , shows NNP 's hair to be longer in the middle and VBD on the sides , typical of a NN .	4	14	VBZ	shows	show
this category contains articles about singles that reached number one in belgium .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the film is RB inaccurate in minor but revealing details ; some due to the technical difficulty involved in producing a realistic effect , and others simply being examples of artistic license .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main threat to the NN is NN activities due to human development for agriculture , plantation , and commercial logging .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the only buildings remaining in these areas are the convention center and parking garage .	2	7	VBP	are	is
towns of the NNP are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is
all the players stand about 2 to 3 meters away from the NNS placed on the VBN line .	2	3	VBP	stand	stands
injuries caused by wolves on JJ livestock include VBN ears and NNS , and NN wounds to the lower legs .	0	7	VBP	include	includes
the village relies on the tax and district offices , and fire brigade at NNP and relies on the police force at NNP .	1	2	VBZ	relies	rely
the compound acts as a JJ poison .	1	2	VBZ	acts	act
another simple example is NNP 's NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the difference here is that the majority of this page is prose information , not list information ) .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP , and a google scholar search VBZ several additional sources .	6	7	VBZ	yields	yield
NNS are NNS ( external NNS ) , living by NN on the blood of mammals , birds , and sometimes NNS and NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the front side design of the coin is as old as five centuries .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
clinical NNP method is more accurate and less subjective in VBG NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
at this point the program 's narrative focus is that of JJ families .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the stories focused on a smaller cast than before , focusing on NNP , NNP and NNP while NNP 's family occasionally appears .	20	22	VBZ	appears	appear
the name of the village appears in several NNS as NNP dating back to CD .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear
the term VBZ with the idea of two signals racing each other in a circular motion to influence the output first .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
however , recent research suggests that such NNS to the NN code do effect protein translation efficiency and protein NN and function .	3	4	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the interim constitution seems to establish a parliamentary republic with a JJ president .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
fort NNP VBZ this problem by having a brief time when the helicopter is turning around where it faces directly forward , at which point the button drops bombs ( similar to the interface in the classic NNP ) .	26	27	VBZ	drops	drop
NNP 's NN for NN leads him to also join dylan 's crew until better opportunities arise .	15	16	VBP	arise	arises
its campus is part of a shared facility on NNP NNP in NNP , kent .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
every year an old boys match is also played .	4	5	VBP	match	matches
this total includes the number one hits `` NNP ' gone '' , `` eighteen wheels and a dozen roses '' , `` come from the heart '' and `` NNP ' old memories '' , as well as twelve additional top ten singles .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
according to the last national census from 2002 , this municipality has 5 , CD inhabitants .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
his eldest son richard lives in california .	2	4	VBZ	lives	live
a plate or wall plate is a horizontal , structural member in wooden building NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the percentage of pupils eligible for free school NNS is also broadly average .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the key difference from the uk , however , is that apparently in the uk , capital gains are VBN at a higher rate than other forms of income .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
british language has a long standing tradition of both NN and NN NN , which may be applicable here , as NNS in british english refers to NNS , rather than the american meaning , which is what NNP would call NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the site is a protected place .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the difficult approach shot is to a large , elevated green .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the area is now a residential neighborhood , the only NN being millennium lane .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the usual order is NNP , NNP and records , RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i have finished parts of the arms but does not yet have the full achievement , the supporters are very complex and will probably need a lot of attention .	17	18	VBP	are	is
account navigation is along the very top , and JJ actions sit atop the page .	10	11	VBP	sit	sits
this area consists of a mixture of privately owned and council housing .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the criticism that `` JJ structures fail google tests '' may well be valid .	5	6	VBP	fail	fails
his trial is to open on oct 7 , 2013 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his current project is with the NN brass bend NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
these NNS indicate that its date is relatively recent , even though these last passages are in the main also NNP in origin , as is shown by the use of the name `` NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
seems notable enough and article is well enough sourced and supported .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this article needs to be as effective as possible , but it still needs some work .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
what will happen if the same thing occurs in the u .	6	7	VBZ	occurs	occur
this template is a combination of the old design and the bowl template .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NNP learns as an apprentice to a master , and the study is extensive , JJ , and takes many years .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
RB VBG him that this discussion is ( again ) taking place , and giving him the email to contact NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
but it can still introduce a positive or negative bias according to the direction of VBG assigned to the first occurrence , if the total number of NNS is odd .	25	28	VBZ	is	are
the situation in zimbabwe is so JJ that people must choose between leaving their homes in search of a means of survival or remaining at home to VB .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the man then calls the kids NNS and tells them the store is his and he is the boss and they must leave .	1	3	VBZ	calls	call
the payment of professionals in an essentially amateur club is a RB JJ issue , but the engagement of professionals at NNP cricket club has a long history .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
along the way , he encounters his VBG cousin `` bull NNP '' flying below and takes the opportunity to VB him , but when the NN loses altitude , bull NNP NNS hold of a JJ wing and VBZ it .	26	27	VBZ	loses	lose
now , the NN for locked in answers is blue .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
assumption is a privately operated , autonomous university separate from the university of windsor and yet an integral part of it .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
for example , if the NN commands the vehicle to roll to the left , the visual displays must also roll by the same magnitude and at the same rate .	5	6	VBZ	commands	command
the cheap prices of NNS are the heavy artillery with which it [ the NN ] forces the NNS ' RB JJ VBN of NNS to VB .	2	5	VBP	are	is
determining reliability of a source is a subjective process that people have strong NNS over when it comes to contentious articles and issues .	10	11	VBP	have	has
the residences are NNS to the wealth of early virginia park residents , as the area was conceived as an JJ class NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the information appears as and when - my intention was to remove it at the year end and place it in the main body as required .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
as students become more JJ with JJ issues as they near graduation , a fresh crop of JJ NNS is needed to VB new life into an aging executive .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
the JJ case VBZ the place where an action is performed .	2	3	VBZ	expresses	express
the user has their choices VBN , a legitimate affiliate loses revenue , networks ' NNS are injured , and NNS are VBN by having to pay out affiliate NNS to an `` affiliate '' who is not party to a contract .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ staff who claimed , `` the control is a little off [ .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
after west NNP tube station , at NNP lane tube station the line is joined by NNP line services that share the tracks to VB ; a NN NN allows some NNP line services to VB at NNP lane .	28	29	VBZ	allows	allow
legend says that one day , NNP was touched by a dog and , as per custom followed by the community , NNP had to take bath .	0	1	VBZ	says	say
NNP 's fourth album , once upon a time , is currently in production .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the term `` protocol '' means the NN used by environmental NNS as the guide for conducting the NN activities .	3	5	VBZ	means	mean
a faithful reproduction of the eu flag is not JJ in itself .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
other recent NNP products include ones ( individually VBN NNS ) , NNP red NNP ( from large red flame chilean NNS ) , NNP ( JJ NNS ) , NNP NN juice , and specialty NNS , NNS , NNS , and berry NNS .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
this category is for american football topics at NNP college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in some NNS , NNS sung during the other types of meetings are accompanied by piano or electronic organ , though this practice varies among NNS .	22	23	VBZ	varies	vary
the script is JJ , with proper NN of the NN NNP 's success VBD in others , the toll it took on her health both mental and physical and her initial treatment by the savage NNS of the press .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
accident is an unincorporated community in township 2 , NNP county , arkansas , united states .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the judge agrees to put junior on house arrest with a JJ NN , on the condition that he can only leave the house for NN shopping , family functions , and doctor 's NNS .	1	2	VBZ	agrees	agree
the window above the door has two lights ; all the other windows on the front have three .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
after VBG a JJ or VBN NN correctly , a team receives one or more bonus questions worth a total of up to 10 points .	10	11	VBZ	receives	receive
i 'm not sure either if the NNP books publishing house is notable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP chip includes NNS and numerous digital NNS , and comes in a ball grid package with lower and upper connections .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
some companies use them to support applications that are considered mission critical , for example core applications in banks and stock NNS , air traffic control systems or manufacturing plants .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the lower heating value of natural gas is normally about 90 percent of its higher heating NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
an interesting twist on the classic RB conspiracy ' story is that , rather than fairy NNS being ancient NNS of NNP NNS , the NNP stories are presented as modern NNS of fairy NNS .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
males have two small and two large NNS ( sexual NN ) .	0	1	VBP	have	has
the acoustic NN ( or VB NN , NN NN , or JJ NN ) is an JJ muscle NN that occurs in the middle ear of mammals in response to JJ sound NN .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
the most standard number is 1 or 2 , sometimes extending to 4 or higher .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NN protein ( NNP ) for NNP contains CD amino acids .	2	8	VBZ	contains	contain
the next step in the learning to read process is the JJ reading stage also known as selective association .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
like most modern south arabian dialect speakers in NNP and yemen , many NNP speakers are JJ in local dialects of arabic , especially the NNP dialect .	14	15	VBP	are	is
there is a variant of this stance called NNP NNP or fixed stance which is one foot length longer , the weight distribution is JJ , so when performing this stance you should just be able to see the NNS of you back foot over your knee .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
i wonder whether the following translations are correct or appropriate .	5	6	VBP	are	is
chilean information corresponds to the chilean website NNP .	1	2	VBZ	corresponds	correspond
after NNP leaves the NN NN , the crow girls are able to repair her body at last .	9	10	VBP	are	is
a report by the jewish NNP agency ( NNP ) challenged im NNP 's allegations , saying , `` according to im NNP 's own study , 16 JJ groups comprise just 14 percent of all the sources for the NNP report .	29	30	VBP	comprise	comprises
the most common long-term complications are loss of NN in the JJ nerve , NN and loss of teeth in the line of NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the platform is no longer produced by NNP systems .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
route CD comes and passes through NNP bay , turning to the northeast at 11 .	0	2	VBZ	comes	come
i think a year and a half is more than enough for userspace NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
some particularly well-known cape products and industries include NNS , JJ ( particularly NNS and NNS ) and VBG .	4	7	VBP	include	includes
individual nodes use the NN information to VB next hop paths regard to all nodes in the network VBG JJS hop VBG paths .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the stems contain JJ NN that VBZ from cut stems .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
the firms hire workers outside or use internal NN based on worker progress , which plays a role in climbing the promotion ladder .	1	2	VBP	hire	hires
tier 7 solutions include all the major components being used for a tier 6 solution with the additional integration of NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
he went on to state that the show is officially `` on hiatus , '' but would like to do a television special at some point in the future .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the NN ( from latin NN , '' ' ) is the region from which the NN body appears entirely contained within the disc of the light source .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear
the opening paragraph seems to repeat material already covered in the biography section .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the JJS months are april until june .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the 3rd law of NNS is a law .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the pressure is constant during the JJ time and the flow is VBG .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the commune probably dates back to the NNP times , but little of that era remains .	1	3	VBZ	dates	date
if all else fails , you can introduce sufficiently many other NNS in between so that the first case applies to each pair of neighbours , and use NN of equality .	18	19	VBZ	applies	apply
NNS are JJ aluminium NN , NN NN , sodium NN , NNP , NN , NN and aluminum NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this type of NN is generally available only when the value of the property is less than the debt ( `` under water '' ) .	10	14	VBZ	is	are
NNS generally have a darker vocal tone than NNS , and their vocal range is between that of a soprano and that of an NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
if there is a fixed voltage source from , for example , a dc JJ device in the signal path , a NN is just the equivalent of a NN of NNS .	15	23	VBZ	is	are
local authorities agree to NNP service to NNP .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
tracks such as `` cabinet '' have JJ NNS .	0	6	VBP	have	has
NNP mobile network is an JJ , JJ phone that is just supplied with an NNP mobile NNP alongside it ; the locked phones are locked to one of the other major uk networks and sold with their NNP and potential phone NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
commonly affected sites are NNS of NN , flat bones , NN and NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this is illustrated the spiral experiment where the robot has to follow a square spiral .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
a special case occurs for the highest point on an JJ island or continent .	2	3	VBZ	occurs	occur
NN NNP is a online role playing game for NN players , designed by that design spot , the website allows players to compete online vs the friends on the same server .	19	20	VBZ	allows	allow
i deleted the article on one of the books he published after this afd debate , but i recognize that authors themselves are more notable than the books they write .	20	22	VBP	are	is
the only way to develop petroleum resources underground is through in JJ production techniques .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
one way this VBZ is the bias exhibited via the arbitrary defense of poor conduct exhibited by their `` associates .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
it is not that space NNS are actually slow , they can be traveling at kilometers per second , it is that space is so big .	5	6	VBP	are	is
personally , the biggest thing with me is the structure .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
may 2007 ( utc ) ( obviously , only to pass if an appropriate remedy does .	14	15	VBZ	does	do
the episode also features a parody of the song `` the candy man '' and an incident involving comedian NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature
the references section , if properly present , provides a list of links , but not necessarily a list of NNP .	2	8	VBZ	provides	provide
these songs bring information about NNP history to the youth in the form of hip-hop .	1	2	VBP	bring	brings
the problem here is that NNP did not agree with the survey .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the game begins with five lives , and the successful completion of each NN ( eight each of milk , NN , etc .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
mickey and NNP are well away from their transportation vehicle when the NNS VBP it .	12	13	VBP	surround	surrounds
i think that is valid , but i also would like to be sure that users make a good faith effort to track down a second source .	15	16	VBP	make	makes
another game for the nintendo NNP is fun fun NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
with a surface area of , this reservoir provides fishing opportunities , wildlife habitat , and a basis for JJ enterprises to provide additional employment and income for tribal members .	7	8	VBZ	provides	provide
but the center of each of these JJ NN is the JJ .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP JJ protein 2 plays a role in JJ binding , NN activity , and NN binding .	2	4	VBZ	plays	play
members consist of a mix of amateur and JJ musicians .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists
several companies , including NNP , run both NNP power cables [ 6 ] and telecommunications cables [ 7 ] as far as NNP .	1	6	VBP	run	runs
i see that NNP NN problem has two proposals to merge it into other articles , so ironically it would appear to be in danger of VBG apart !	5	6	VBZ	has	have
the largest living NN is the NN ( NNP NN ) , native to most of the tropical and JJ parts of south america east of the NNP , always near water .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this article seems contrary to our policies that wikipedia is not VBG lists of statistics or routine sports reports .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
i would like to know whether or not the parents of canadian actor michael fox still live in canada and if they indeed are alive .	9	16	VBP	live	lives
initially , the virus simply causes chip to have JJ memory NNS resulting in poor judgment , but within three days it will completely destroy his internal systems , VBG his memory .	3	5	VBZ	causes	cause
some claim it is probably entirely fiction , others that the details in the text show a NN with the times that would be difficult to completely VB .	11	15	VBP	show	shows
the name stems from the local farm , whose name has been recorded as NNP ( CD ) , NNP ( CD ) and NNP ( CD ) .	1	2	VBZ	stems	stem
in the course of their further adventures , the two friends fall in love with the girl and each believes he is the favorite .	10	11	VBP	fall	falls
the NNS are JJ with JJ NNS , consisting of a NN patch with a curved outer edge and a JJ NN of irregular shape .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the language consists of all the strings that can be generated in this manner .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
many texts appear to prove the theorem with the use of strong NN and the class equation , though considerably less machinery is required to prove the theorem in the JJ case .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the forest floor serves as a bridge between the above ground living vegetation and the soil , and it is a crucial component in NN transfer through the JJ cycle .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
if people want to research that , they can read the sources we provide .	1	2	VBP	want	wants
in fact , the proposed NNS stand out more than those ones , so their absence on smaller articles would be more confusing .	5	6	VBP	stand	stands
current us national park service policy is to let the NN take a natural course , as much as possible , and no definitive attempt is made to control or eliminate disease , most notably NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
education levels are low because of social and economic factors , with most only finishing primary school .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this case is about the behavior of this user .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all models except the k NNS additionally support intel NNP , intel NNP and NN .	1	7	VBP	support	supports
some NNS permit the court to give the jury a so-called allen charge , VBG the VBG NNS to VB their opinions , as a JJ effort to prevent the jury from hanging .	1	2	VBP	permit	permits
the karnataka premier league , an JJ NNP cricket tournament is a cricket tournament played in the state .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the flower is cream to pale NN with a patch of deeper yellow or orange on its banner .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many species are sexually JJ ; differences include body mass , NN DT size , and NN .	6	7	VBP	include	includes
issues appear to have been addressed .	0	1	VBP	appear	appears
the JJ join is an operation used in JJ databases , also sometimes called a `` JJ join '' .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
well , the best answer to that is to first direct you to some reading .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP 33 's control cities at this point are NNP to the west and fox lake to the east .	4	8	VBP	are	is
the NNP NNP and NNP NNP temple built by NNP are in the village of which the NNS and colors of NNP NNP are worth seeing .	17	23	VBP	are	is
the processor ( as the specification calls it ) is often referred to RB as an NNP NN .	5	6	VBZ	calls	call
also , in a NN , less dominant horses tend to VB toward the most mature and confident members .	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
the aircraft that the pilots train on are RB produced hal NNP NNPS .	4	5	VBP	train	trains
let me be clear that i am not claiming that my own grammar and usage is always perfect .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
but the mean of the NN is not always equal to the mean of the sample .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNS , being NNS , are quite intelligent as birds go , and like to play .	9	10	VBP	go	goes
the entire concept of the station is NN , mobility , and NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
so now the water level is down .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the road passes through developed areas near reading before continuing north through rural areas , crossing from NNP county into NNP county at blue mountain .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
when the engine is started , the default setting is the `` sport '' selection .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
NNS between the NN and receiver are dynamic , JJ , JJ , and NN .	0	6	VBP	are	is
this stage usually consists of growth and gaining stored energy for NN .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
good article and feature article NNS require formal review procedures outside of this project .	5	6	VBP	require	requires
the trail begins just south of the intersection of state road NNP and county road CD .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
his middle elder brother NNP demands his JJ property which is readily denied by his NN .	2	5	VBZ	demands	demand
history shows that representatives of consecutive evolutionary stages are rarely in JJ conflict .	3	8	VBP	are	is
with addition to NNP NNP and NNP NNP , every year the people here celebrate the NNP NNP .	12	14	VBP	celebrate	celebrates
those celebrities include edmund NNP , NNP NNP , peter NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP ( buried in NNP ) , NNP NNP , NNP NNP ( buried in NNP ) , NNP NNP and gustav NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
a feature of the village is the NN of the parish church , which was erected around 1838 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his signature line , upon VBG bad art , is `` it VBZ !	2	9	VBZ	is	are
book contains stages , distances , rough maps , photos , and gear list for those who might follow this trail , one named to honor knights NNP originally tasked with VBG early NNS to jerusalem .	0	1	VBZ	contains	contain
the ancient JJ letters from the 4th century mention NNP , while the chinese sources write NNP , in the context of the NN of NNP .	14	15	VBP	write	writes
his role on the field is defender .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
speedy deletion under a7 requires there be no indication why the subject is important or significant .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the city attracts the majority of musicians from the NNP coast mainly because of its many NNS , which allow artists to make their debut and express themselves , record companies and national media .	1	2	VBZ	attracts	attract
the purpose of an afd is to allow time for sources to be found .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP is so-called JJ ' because its shape represents that JJ crystal .	8	9	VBZ	represents	represent
the centre of the village is a conservation area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a NN ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the discovery of NNS bearing NNP 's name together with NNS of NNP at NNP suggests that NNP conducted the burial of NNP and was his direct successor .	1	15	VBZ	suggests	suggest
JJ NN was traditionally used in us NNS , but both varieties are in common usage now .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the highlight of the celebration is the street dancing or NNP NNP where different schools compete in the beat of JJ music and the participants VBN in costumes decorated with materials from NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the frederick NNP article is large at 63 NNP and focuses on the life of NNP and his teachings .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
during surgery , a NN test is repeated until the eye NNS are free and the eye is VBN in an elevated VBN position for about two weeks after the surgery .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the film opens with miss NNP , the chairman of the juvenile court , giving advice to troubled teenager NNP lawrence .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
convention maintains a list of NNS of international importance and encourages the wise use of NNS .	0	1	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the issue under discussion is the use of virgin media as a reliable source for for citations about criminal charges against celebrities , nothing else .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
cancer treatments in long-term survivors who are children usually cause a series of negative effects on physical well being , NN , NN , and learning .	1	9	VBP	cause	causes
keep the article has much promise and should be left to experts in the topic to merge into our coverage of this major religion .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
because the boys regard him as a highly JJ and credible person , his VBG treatment of them as good eventually leads them to view themselves as he views them .	2	3	VBP	regard	regards
crops grown in this area are mostly NNS , NNS and NNS ; soft fruits are also grown and the village is alive in the summer months with farmers gathering their crops and preparing them for transport to the NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is
tourists look into the famous NN NN in NNP .	0	1	VBP	look	looks
in addition , JJ JJ NN forces contribute significantly to these responses by VBG JJ NN within cells , NNS , and organs that VBP their mechanical stability , as well as mechanical signal transmission from the NN to the NN .	6	7	VBP	contribute	contributes
a significant element of his contribution to marketing thinking is his NN upon an JJ approach , attracting the interest of scientists from other fields and NN from other disciplines such as psychology , philosophy and anthropology .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the institute has 60 seats for NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
taking part in the many NNP training exercises in germany .	1	7	VBZ	exercises	exercise
this NN is on display at the visitors center at the wright brothers national memorial in NNP hawk , north carolina .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the book is also available in the internet archives glasgow daily times , on nov .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
future NNS include her debut with NNP real in madrid .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the present convent occupies the site where a NNP monastery existed in the 12th century , which later passed to VB monks of the NNP line .	2	3	VBZ	occupies	occupy
i noticed that many new users and especially ip addresses lack a formal welcome message into wikipedia .	5	10	VBP	lack	lacks
the victims include tamil NNS who coordinated with sri lanka government , tamil JJ groups assisting sri NNP army .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NN print is JJ , the NNS VBP with dimensions of 12 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP des NNP NNP is well known and this certificate is authentic as any recipient of the order can VB .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
numerous other details in the book of mormon indicate principal lands that are quite VBN .	2	8	VBP	indicate	indicates
the second half of the material is the JJ NN for an electromagnetic field .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
avoiding that method leads to asking what would be the standard plural of as , if it were a noun VBG an object , say .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead
the administrative center ( NN ) is the town of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the village is built primarily on a NN ; the southwestern portion of the village ( around route NNP ) is on the highest ground , while a series of side streets run NN from route CD heading northeast .	11	20	VBZ	is	are
the NN contains a timeline of events it VBZ to have occurred ; a description of the conspiracy that it claims happened .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
and , most of these articles have been published in the last four days ( the afd request appears to have been put forward before most of these articles were published ) .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear
it would appear their myspace page contains nothing extra .	5	6	VBZ	contains	contain
the industrial NN of the country was in the north , while the political hub is in the center , so the southern part was usually VBN in the JJ action .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the main tributary of the lake NNP is the NNP , which , in turn , flows out of lake NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
most larger villages - 300 people or more - have a village chief , called a NNP , who is assisted by a group of NNS .	2	9	VBP	have	has
the edit history is fairly clear .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a paper NNS as a student paper if all authors are full-time students at the date of the submission .	9	10	VBP	are	is
JJ systems also assist in loading and VBG the cargo .	1	3	VBP	assist	assists
the schools history is now to be VBN in a walk way to the new building .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP facilities , dinner hall and wing are in a separate building linked by a covered NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is
as a start the climate table is not RB useful .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in the case where numerous references appear together , VBG is a good NN to the problem .	5	6	VBP	appear	appears
at first the NN 's scales are soft , but , after a few days , they start to VB .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the diet consists mainly of fruits , NNS and insects .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the guests and the hosts do their best to ignore her , leaving the audience to wonder if she has invaded the tv screen .	1	5	VBP	do	does
NNP library in NNP ( full name the central municipal public library named after anton NNP , ) is the oldest library in the south of russia .	6	18	VBZ	is	are
both hotels are modern , JJ structures .	1	2	VBP	are	is
JJ therapy is , therefore , usually used when cancer has spread from the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is organized RB , and the section NNS reflect the main subject of that section , but sometimes other things are fit in too .	9	10	VBP	reflect	reflects
the closest railway station is leeds railway station , approximately one mile to the west .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the painting on the first edition cover is by robert NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the small mouth contains five or six NNS ( JJ structures ) on the floor , most of which have VBN tips .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
i do n't know the answers to those questions , but if we 're trying to solve whatever problem we 're talking about , these questions seem to matter , perhaps .	25	26	VBP	seem	seems
this image , whose copyright seems to be claimed by the american philosophical society ( taken from [ 1 ] ) , used for educational purposes on the english-language wikipedia should be `` fair use '' in an article about NNP .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem
in addition , the website offers a weekly history NN , a blog , and features that allow users to submit history content , history teaching , and digital history questions to experts in the field .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP also states that the case `` is a complex one which raises novel legal issues not previously considered by any international court '' and VBZ that a decision will be handed down in early 2014 .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
bus NNP route CD from NNS to NNP via NNP serves NNP with one journey in each direction on NNS .	2	10	VBZ	serves	serve
if the individual citizen or corporate citizen is a NN of the state ( e .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the cup is one of the many JJ american club competitions that have been organised on the continent .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the convention recognizes domestic workers as workers with the same rights as other workers .	1	2	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
NNP season is the 7th season of the superior international junior hockey league ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article is NN and probably should be VBN down to a stub , but afd is not the place for this .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN to the JJ NN is an outstanding example of NNP decoration .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
in the sense that the person VBG actions based on stuff NN learned from reading things here is totally JJ for whatever happens .	5	17	VBZ	is	are
it remains unclear how NNP NNP and NNP signal , although multiple studies suggest that they have distinct VBG capabilities that can not be VBN by NNP .	12	13	VBP	suggest	suggests
the NNP 's superior is the rector major of the NNPS , inside a board of trust known as the world council .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP has proposed that a NN concerning michael jackson as a father is VBN ( a point i am still willing to argue against ) , however the article presented here is CD the one being VBN .	28	31	VBZ	is	are
i suggest NNP puts a notice at the top of the page letting visitors know that this is not a regular wikipedia page about a subject .	13	14	VBP	know	knows
it is possible that these motors are still in use in some older installations .	5	6	VBP	are	is
high court in favour of the existence of such a NN in this country and an acceptance by the court of appeal that the concept is at least JJ .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
teachers facilitate discussion but may talk little in the learning process , which NNP calls `` shared inquiry '' , in which `` the text is the teacher , and thus the faculty member 's role is to facilitate interaction between the text and the students .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
armed forces recreation centers ( NNP ) NN resort hotels are joint service facilities developed to provide vacation recreation opportunities to service members , their families , and other authorized NNS ( including official NNS ) of the total defense force .	1	10	VBP	are	is
i think that if rape is JJ , NN and enjoy it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
afd solely on the basis that these new people tend to !	8	9	VBP	tend	tends
although its name is `` wikiproject NNP '' , it also covers the wellington and NNP railway , other JJ private operators , and NNP 's provincial NNS and privately owned NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this comment is to be posted as part of the discussion related to the deletion of several NNP writers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people who are disruptive due to NN are unlikely to be JJ .	0	7	VBP	are	is
if the JJ movement is notable enough for wp as it would seem obviously to be , then one of the major developments within the movement over a decade is worth keeping .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNPS ' most common attack is their 2nd class divine punishment , where they transform into a larger form .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the same arena is still in play for `` the captain 's NNP '' , where NNP VBZ on a secret mission to the spanish port of new orleans to deal with french NNP pirates .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
it was deleted for no reason -- - i do n't understand it because that 's what the section is about .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the terminus stations in NNP and NNP are extremely similar and consist of a rectangular hall of three NNS separated by two lines of NNS along the ends of the tracks and two wings at the ends of the main hall along the outer tracks .	2	7	VBP	are	is
the bridge is at the mouth of coal mine hollow , and the road it was on was used by the lumber and coal industries that were active in NNP creek township during the 19th and early 20th centuries .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the NN , a small golden banner says new !	7	8	VBZ	says	say
most peaks in the north are over above sea level ; the highest point in NNP is NNP NNP at , which has the distinction of being the highest JJ mountain in the world .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the advantage of the small claims process is that it is informal .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
our article on NNS VBZ JJ methods for VBG the area under a curve , including some excellent NNS .	1	4	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
the hills are testing but the views are great .	6	7	VBP	are	is
comment - list of NNP software is an appropriate example showing how a large subset of this NNP phone data could be organized .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
often this means that this function is a certain NN and this gives an JJ continuation and functional equation for this NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the school is part of school district 62 NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
however , VBG with disaster , rather than suicide and murder is the trigger responsible for JJ NN and NN .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the route continues through commercial areas before coming to an interchange with the us 1 freeway .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
that last part is , in my mind , a substantial distinction between that article and the case here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in NNP ( and NNP ) , the set of all sets having n elements ( the NN here is only apparent ) exists .	8	19	VBZ	is	are
the towers are on collins avenue , north of the eden NNP hotel .	1	2	VBP	are	is
june 13 , 2005 - the party presents the official rules of the upcoming race .	6	7	VBZ	presents	present
JJ examples tend to have more bright , red fruit NNS with some JJ NN or darker fruits depending on the proportion of NNP VBD in .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends
oregon land use laws require that a jurisdiction NN its boundaries every five years to accommodate a JJ land use supply .	3	4	VBP	require	requires
from here , the route continues through NNP and ends in the community of NNP creek at route CD .	4	5	VBZ	continues	continue
the application of aerial fire NNS creates an JJ appearance on land and water surfaces and has the potential to change soil chemistry .	1	6	VBZ	creates	create
the publisher also owns the tourism magazine where canada ( published in several large cities ) , fashion , wish , wedding bells , and several smaller magazines .	1	3	VBZ	owns	own
other soldiers attempt to do the same to NNP and tony stark , though they are easily defeated .	1	2	VBP	attempt	attempts
his younger brother is phil NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the new gallery is next to the NNP NNP NNP , hanover 's newspaper .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
one way you could understand it is via the complex numbers .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
it would also make it easy for editors who disagree with the criteria to VB out just what the criteria are , and CD out whether any NNS they might have with these criteria have already been discussed and dealt with .	19	20	VBP	are	is
free cash flow prior period net investment spending spending is in current dollars capital investments are at the NN of management , so spending may be JJ .	14	15	VBP	are	is
the tunnel is also likely to remove some NN presently taking the NNP through NNP to avoid frequent delays at traffic lights in NNP ; including some NNP and NNP traffic from the south VBG via NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the 13 NNP 's mission is to successfully VB joint NN , including artillery , attack aviation , and naval NN in support of army operations worldwide .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
according to the authors , the results suggest that the JJ compounds present in the JJ portion of the NN may have some similarity to human NNS released in females during sexual activity .	6	7	VBP	suggest	suggests
shows are at 8 pm at the outdoor pavilion for four consecutive nights , tuesday through friday .	0	1	VBP	are	is
once a particle is situated close to the surface , it will VB RB , when the NN interactions are attractive .	18	19	VBP	are	is
according to the 2002 census , the ward has a total population of 7 , CD .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
i have no NNS in bringing this NN to this NNP , and will not VB to do so if a similar situation VBZ in the future .	22	23	VBZ	arises	arise
in later versions , the story ends as she is set free and VBZ one of the NNS in charge of her trial .	5	6	VBZ	ends	end
the site at which various sizes of particles are VBN is critical to an understanding of any aspect of their toxic action .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
VBN words have two NNS ; as NN , mud ; NN , NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has
on the third weekend in august every year the annual `` ski in the NN '' event takes place .	16	17	VBZ	takes	take
i think this animation helps VB that problem .	3	4	VBZ	helps	help
proposed revisions are an improvement but remain insufficient to establish notability .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the fact that there is software which operates it is irrelevant .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
JJ signs are signs which are necessarily performed with both hands .	1	2	VBP	are	is
many bridges and tunnels are notable .	1	4	VBP	are	is
a directory service , which allows users to VB with a user name and password , is a typical source of NN NNS ( i .	2	16	VBZ	is	are
if we were to go ahead with this , it might be worth investigating which method has the best support amongst NNS ( or just use both to be extra certain ) .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
today the hot mineral water is a feature of the pool at bar m ranch , a NN ranch founded in the 1940s that uses the historic stage house as its ranch house .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
from grand central to CD street , NNP railroad tracks run in a tunnel underneath park avenue ( the park avenue tunnel ) .	9	10	VBP	run	runs
the name sounds greek , but i know homer 's poetry did n't VB , so i thought it was some guy in the golden age of greece .	1	2	VBZ	sounds	sound
selection for high JJ encounter rates explains the success of male and female NN types .	0	6	VBZ	explains	explain
NNP 's first role is ma NNP , the brother of ma da ( li NNP ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
in business , a pitch deck ( or slide deck ) is a NN presentation that VBZ the business idea and business model of a NN company .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
it seems ed is of the position that any request to unblock is better coming from VBN himself - i support a reduction to VBN served - currently we appear to have so few active contributors that every one matters .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
lead changes are the most important part of competition , though they are not all that the horse is judged on .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the town of NNP forms a NN of NNP within NNP district .	1	4	VBZ	forms	form
heavy attacks have the ability to launch enemies in the air .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the wall near the well is much higher than elsewhere , appearing like an old JJ end .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
another member of the forum of young global leaders from turkey that we have in wikipedia is NNP NNP , an armenian of turkey .	1	16	VBZ	is	are
this older form of the dance features men and women in two separate lines , the men behind the women .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature
delete only supporting information is his personal website and blog .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNS extend out beyond the crown , reaching 5 meters in length .	1	2	VBP	extend	extends
animals in this area include nigerian dwarf NNS , NNS , miniature NNS , NN , NNP NNS , NNP NNS , VBP fish , NN NNS , and JJ NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
others have argued that the concept is valid and needs NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
a house is visible atop a NN near the NN , and a JJ lodge sits right on the trail approximately beyond the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
my version is only keeps the latest definitions though so depending on which version of norton you have it may be VBG the previous JJ different NNS and thus 3 times that disk space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the obvious choice of martha being a singer and not an actress was because of the actress used , NNP james , she is a renowned welsh singer , therefore the part fits , and fits in with the rest of the changes in the story .	31	32	VBZ	fits	fit
yet , rather than split NNS , i think the article is less about JJ law than is about primitive apostolic christianity .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP states that the brothers of the fraternity are to VB no other thing than `` to cure the sick , and that NN .	3	10	VBP	are	is
the link is there , but displaced .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
kane 's artificial hands are JJ and can be shot from his arms .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the JJ NN shows a ritual performed in the sanctuary town of NNP , with its fusion of catholic and indigenous NNS .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
in the third season , the episode `` NNP '' shows lieutenant NNP still alive , even though he died in `` NNP .	6	10	VBZ	shows	show
i can only repeat that the NNP piece is a valid piece of JJ journalism written by an experienced journalist , and that it highlights issues that are often highlighted about NNP foods ( the environmental issues in particular ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
different distances are normally quoted for stations , depending on whether the direction of travel is in or out .	12	15	VBZ	is	are
newcastle , australia - the 2012 NNP season opens with the st .	7	8	VBZ	opens	open
the common source of influence for these shared musical practices is likely to be found in the formal conventions of medieval JJ and religious irish gaelic JJ NN music .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
most computer programs work with files .	2	3	VBP	work	works
as with NN , it can be looked at as the probability that the test result is negative given that the patient is not sick .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
and yes , we will be here until christmas , and yes , JJ lists work as JJ these days .	14	15	VBP	work	works
to ensure long-term NN , some JJ oil NNS , such as NNP , contain a JJ NN component .	8	14	VBP	contain	contains
NNP NNP , NN of the town 's NNP , argues with NNP , trying to convince NNP to let him buy the theater before the bank takes it .	26	27	VBZ	takes	take
their school mascot is a NNP , and their colors are orange and black .	9	10	VBP	are	is
some students wish to VB the numerical rating entirely in favor of a completely JJ evaluation .	1	2	VBP	wish	wishes
examples of NN languages are JJ , NNP , chinese , and in some NNS NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is
tests in 2009 NNP in cooking oil , NNP JJ NNS are full of JJ NNS .	0	11	VBP	are	is
the current staff is in trying to VB the school to the prestigious institution that it once was .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the information about the song missing is the very last line of the press release .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's talents are certainly most evident in his prose .	2	3	VBP	are	is
JJ county football team consists of students and graduates of national NNP senior high school .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
home to millions of species , including humans , earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .	0	10	VBZ	is	are
this claim , in which he does not detail what bus and car NN rates he is using , runs counter to estimates that a bus carrying 19 passengers uses less than a quarter of the energy per person than a typical car carrying one person .	25	29	VBZ	uses	use
the canadian model has a JJ system like britain , however the health care providers work mostly as private entities .	14	15	VBP	work	works
i do n't know what zero think i just know the edit is wrong as modern day germany did not exist in the 1930s and the NNP VBD with NNS nazi army not modern NNP army .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the next day the NNP goes a little way with NNP to where the king 's highway is VBN on either side by the wall of salvation .	2	5	VBZ	goes	go
the added benefit of the training runs , is that it made VBG more routine .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this 10 million dollar project is due to VB carbon injection in october 2011 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
RB , the album is darker , more JJ , and at times more JJ than their previous work .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP essential oil also contains a range of additional compounds , such as NN , NN , NN and NN .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
support with NN and NN NNS as well as JJ NNS in case of infection during this period is crucial to allow the patient to recover .	0	18	VBZ	is	are
proposed deletion ( books ) is an extension of prod to reduce NNP NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
prior to the CD earthquake in NNP county , taiwan , little information was available for VBG ground motion that resulted from large ( greater than NNP ) thrust NNS , and whether the values seen in that event are NN remains JJ .	34	39	VBP	are	is
both names mean `` black river city '' , but by the 19th century the name `` NNP '' again became more current in the western languages .	1	2	VBP	mean	means
oppose the image looks JJ at full NNS .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look
this experience helps NNP to mature .	1	2	VBZ	helps	help
non-notable ; reads like they think of wikipedia as free web space .	2	5	VBP	think	thinks
the fruit is JJ in shape and turns yellow when NN , VBG slightly over a pound in weight .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this service still continues in the contemporary civil services of india , though these are now organised differently NN .	1	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the robbery goes off without a NN , but arnold sees clare leaving and returns to VB to VB her .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
native to the NN and highland forests of india , northern and southern china , and eastern and southeastern asia ( thailand , vietnam , NNP , cambodia , burma ) , chinese water dragons are most commonly found along the banks of freshwater lakes and streams .	34	35	VBP	are	is
this coastal strip is of particular importance as further inland where the NN does not have an influence most of the arabian peninsula is desert .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP continued though , under private sponsorship , until the queen 's hall was VBN by an air raid in 1941 ( its site is now the st george 's hotel and bbc henry wood house ) .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
unfortunately , the structure of the NNS is unknown so far ; however , they may be similar to JJ NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
an NN of NNP NNP and NNP NNP , NNP has corporate experience in industries ranging from manufacturing through NNS to it .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
the local wine , NNP NNP ( NNP di NN ) , is a light red , best drunk young .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
as a result , captain NNP indefinitely VBZ NNP and NNP ; the partners then argue , leading to a split in their friendship .	13	15	VBP	argue	argues
scholars have compared this reaction to a dance in which two sets of partners join hands to form a ring and then split apart again to form two new NNS .	11	14	VBP	join	joins
he then made NNS from forest plants and VBZ them in the sea so that the children of NNP soon lie in NNS on the shore .	16	20	VBP	lie	lie
other NNS asserted that the NNS of activists like NNP NNP NNP are part of vietnam 's VBG its policy with china 's current JJ stance in VBG all protest .	5	12	VBP	are	is
however , when resources are JJ they may move considerable distances in search of food , with travel rates of per day having been recorded .	3	4	VBP	are	is
in the season 3 episode `` trials '' , NNP explains to the NNP her reason for returning to the warehouse .	4	10	VBZ	explains	explain
today the resort has over 250 park homes on and around NNP lake , resort NNS and vacation homes on and around the JJ championship golf course .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
other publications include works on jewish law , novels and factual works based on jewish life or history , and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the link is above if anyone wants to check further .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
people sometimes let the points they want to make overcome their common sense .	0	2	VBP	let	lets
the senior population distribution is 23 people or 6 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many conversations take place at a low stone wall with NNP ( a JJ NN puppet with a love for NNS ) and NNP ( a JJ bird who was a later addition to the characters in the garden ) .	1	2	VBP	take	takes
the buttons are much less of a big deal than they used to be .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its eyes are set far back on its head to give it JJ vision and it VBZ in the ground for food with its long , sensitive bill , making it vulnerable to cold weather when the ground remains frozen .	37	38	VBZ	remains	remain
traditional NNP houses consist of separate buildings centered around a courtyard .	2	3	VBP	consist	consists
the flag of NNP derives its colors , design and NN from the municipal shield .	1	4	VBZ	derives	derive
even if these were resolved , the requested name is still promotional .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
although one side now faces a vast modern public square , NNP NNP , there is no evidence of this in the courtyard or the JJ rooms .	2	4	VBZ	faces	face
the song `` moses '' is about struggles with faith and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
blocks are almost impossible to do since it is difficult to know where the ball is going to come over the net .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN program is the NN with which those programs communicate .	9	10	VBP	communicate	communicates
bird lovers need to work toward saving NNS in and around NNP .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
my essential point is that i already RB stopped editing the page when you asked , so when you started calling it a ban after the fact i objected to the apparent reading as if there were community support for a real NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a JJ spring rate is one for which the relation between the spring 's compression and the force VBD can not be fitted adequately to a linear model .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
JJ species , such as NNS , NNS , cats , and NNS , are often RB referred to as JJ .	1	14	VBP	are	is
in the neck , the JJ nerve crosses the internal NN NN around the level of the JJ NN of JJ muscle .	6	7	VBZ	crosses	cross
though the lyrics are JJ with several people and events mentioned in a single word each , there is widespread agreement on the meaning of the lyrics .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the house served as the NNP family home where the character jim sets up the camera to VB on the beautiful foreign exchange student , NNP .	10	12	VBZ	sets	set
of course , it is possible i made a mistake , but for now i remain JJ that the claim is correct .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
along with NNP island , the mountain forms the southeastern rim of the NNP NNP .	6	7	VBZ	forms	form
a sequence of a NN adjacent to a vowel is by default assumed to be read as a NN ( part of the same NN ) in spanish , whereas it is by default assumed to be read as a hiatus ( belonging to different NNS ) in portuguese .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
unlike an actual insurance contract the NN is allowed to profit from the contract and may also cover an asset to which the NN has no direct exposure .	23	24	VBZ	has	have
the citizens become JJ and subsequently fall RB .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes
the wiki article seems to ignore all that , and take the captain 's results only .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem
NNP ) , so that the NNP index is a probability instead of NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
challenge to NNP is an american drama directed by richard NNP and released october 31 , 1949 by NNP studios .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
from salisbury the road crosses NNP chase and briefly NNS with the NNP at the NNP forum bypass before crossing the dorset downs and merging with the NNP at the NNP bypass .	3	4	VBZ	crosses	cross
on the contrary , he would like to live if he could do so with NN to himself ; if he could assert his will against the power of NN ; but NN is too strong for him .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
outside sweden , this fire is most famous because an NN NN claims that the swedish scientist and JJ NNP NNP by a sort of NN `` saw '' the fire from NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the city has many rivers , NNS , streams and lakes and is known for its rich water resources as part of the NNP drainage area .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the man flies into the machine , hitting his head on its top , and dies of brain damage from the massive blow .	1	2	VBZ	flies	fly
if you 're interested enough , i would suggest you read through those 63 pages to see if any educated speakers prefer this term .	20	21	VBP	prefer	prefers
the final say should be exclusively in the hands of the community , with the committee only becoming involved where sensitive evidence becomes JJ .	21	22	VBZ	becomes	become
this JJ system operates on the JJ principle in which the JJ values of the letters are added together to obtain the total .	2	3	VBZ	operates	operate
when an editor who is in a JJ situation is edit warring to keep certain links out of the article , it is hard to justify under our policies .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NN outfit used for JJ NN includes a NN that covers the NN .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP CD season is the fifth season of the new zealand football championship competition .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many people think interesting websites are good .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
a JJ pregnancy is a JJ JJ disease NNP NNS are VBN into partial and complete NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the main street is new road , which VBZ from the cliff top where the NN , the newer houses and the church of st stephen stand .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN has many NNS and on both the eastern and western slopes , with white 's gap at the peak .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
however , among well-known problems , i believe that the problem of the existence of odd perfect numbers goes back to NNP , making it fairly old .	10	18	VBZ	goes	go
delete - non-notable fan game , no assertion of notability , wikipedia is not a crystal ball , only CD NNS , unreferenced , verifiability problems .	4	12	VBZ	is	are
then it could wait say 6 days and if the tag is still there ( meaning the prod was declined ) , it can add the declined variable .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
much of the NN is private property , but a public boat launch is available .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
archaeological evidence tells us that the medieval town experienced a period of rapid and sustained growth , starting in the 11th century and continuing until the end of the 12th century .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell
the NNP constellation first described by NNP consists of a pattern of five small yellow , green or orange circles , which is repeated across areas of the NN at different NNS .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist
the list below indicates the scope of systems JJ by NNP .	1	3	VBZ	indicates	indicate
men arrive and tell NNP that his daughter is dead .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
that fact that he choose to NN and failed to gain consensus and was promoted anyway seems off .	1	16	VBZ	seems	seem
tour dates range from january 8 , 2013 , to january 23 , starting in hollywood , california .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
first JJ syndrome is a rare NN of surgery involving the NN space , especially removal of the deep NN of the NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article fails to point out what the person has done that is so extraordinary as to warrant an article outside the main NNP one .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail
finally , a single reference that almost meets wiki policy .	4	7	VBZ	meets	meet
the NN fluid in an automobile is a mixture of water and NN NN ( NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the argument on the talk page by carey for neutrality is based on bias towards particular individuals critical to homosexuality and original research that has lead him to conclusions that particular individuals views are not worthy of inclusion in the article .	32	33	VBP	are	is
VBN tennis courts are available at the NN , and the interior is used as NN or basketball courts .	2	3	VBP	are	is
both releases have it VBN where , if any of the `` JJ '' games also VBD on the same account , the `` connected '' versions of the game are also available .	1	2	VBP	have	has
their own name for their race is the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the area has several roads named after local significant aircraft industry people especially norway road and NNP NNP way both named after the author NNP NNP ( NNP NNP norway ) who was one of the founders of NNP ltd .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
multiple edges are , for example , useful in the consideration of electrical networks , from a graph theoretical point of view .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the trains use power supply in sweden and norway , and 25 NN 50 NNP ac in denmark .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
unclear redirect , no legitimate alternative targets as the link is a slang for `` my wife '' .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the accent is either steady in the same NN in all cases ( the first pattern ) , or moves to the ending in one of the three patterns .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP google news searches are especially JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is
students from VBG park high school 's tv station , NNP , operate the cameras for all NNP park football and soccer games .	0	12	VBP	operate	operates
the fact that as i write this the article is still an JJ [ 1 ] VBZ its lack of notability .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
an archived version of the band 's original website is available on the internet archive .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
this structure is typical of the modern JJ regime seen in much of western europe , with a population slowly aging as the birth rate NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the modern attributes place it close to european early modern humans among late NNP samples .	2	3	VBP	place	places
NNP of NNP is not to be confused with the virgin NNP of NNP ( VBN in NNP , NNP and NNP ) who died in CD , and whose feast day is july 10 or october 27 .	31	32	VBZ	is	are
many optical disk formats are NNP type , which makes them useful for NN purposes since the data can not be changed .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the editor who originally added it apparently did n't understand the purpose of `` ref name '' , just look at how long the `` name '' is !	19	27	VBZ	is	are
newly commissioned officers now receive an JJ service number , but JJ officers ' numbers issued prior to the introduction of NNP remained JJ .	2	4	VBP	receive	receives
a JJ game is a game that uses tiles as one of the fundamental elements of play .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP law is dead in the water and not saying so is major pov .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
making sense of NNP might be JJ , though , if his thoughts are as random and crazy as NNP .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the phrase is commonly translated as `` son of a NN '' , although it should be noted that the phrase places emphasis on the mother of the subject being a NN , which many found JJ to NNP 's mother .	20	21	VBZ	places	place
sometimes clubs , schools or other organizations participate as well as professional designers .	1	7	VBP	participate	participates
the river NNP flows through the commune , as too does the NNP NN .	1	3	VBZ	flows	flow
traditional colours include NN , dark brown , and white , which represent the three major hindu gods ( NNP , NNP , and NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
persian NNP second campaign takes place in an unnamed region in the persian gulf , but most likely either saudi arabia or iraq .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
created in 1976 , the mission of the NNP unit is to provide skilled and specialized explosives detection support to protective efforts involving secret service NNS .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
deletion is not a solution to something this minor .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the road from NNP to NNP runs over the pass .	1	6	VBZ	runs	run
if you think that the current system encourages legitimate users to contribute to controversial articles , you are even more wrong .	6	7	VBZ	encourages	encourage
judges and those involved in making the list are the members of the NNP hunt committee known as `` hot side hot .	0	8	VBP	are	is
mainly surgical approach has to be taken .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
because of this reason other military units go to there several times a year .	6	7	VBP	go	goes
NNP is married and looking forward to a quiet life at last , but fate has other plans for him .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
the 1881 census shows NNP living at the family home at aston , birmingham but 10 years later he is found living with emily at the small hamlet of little NNP in suffolk [ 1 ] where his occupation is shown as a NN .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
i think this information is already to much to load down the county page with to much information about one part of the county .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
his RB VBN neck rises out of a long NN shoulder and broad chest .	3	4	VBZ	rises	rise
this change pattern is characterized by the longer and lower NNS moving forward and RB , while the shorter NNS move RB and RB .	19	20	VBP	move	moves
we can always extend the block if the user returns on that ip .	8	9	VBZ	returns	return
these groups VBP to the concepts of NN , NN , NN , and NN used in NNS .	1	2	VBP	correspond	corresponds
a list of songs is encyclopedic and useful .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
major current programs include the NNP environmental partnership and u .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
a NN both produces its own magnetic field and VBZ to magnetic fields .	1	3	VBZ	produces	produce
stress in the spanish language is functional , meaning that the placement of stress helps to determine the meaning of a sentence or phrase .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
in JJ shooting , the range is greater , with distances up to 400 meters , the firing rate is higher ( 3 to 4 shots per minute ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
lines are an NN of such objects .	0	1	VBP	are	is
this day is now a national holiday in the NNP calendar , called national foundation day .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this difference , which occurs at position CD , causes a NN that results in the JJ NN of the translation and , thus , NN of the NN .	1	9	VBZ	causes	cause
the cable contains 24 optical NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
national weather service or local NNP group , and are given a phone number , internet outlet , or amateur radio frequency to report to if a severe weather event , such as a tornado , severe NN , or flash flood occurs where the NN is located .	29	42	VBZ	occurs	occur
both models are only available with an automatic transmission .	1	2	VBP	are	is
people of NN are very JJ , and are famous for NN in the region .	0	3	VBP	are	is
dating back to the 16th century , the JJ style is the oldest of all three and has become the least popular nowadays since the NN only rides small bulls or larger NNS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
keep this earthquake is significant enough .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
further investigation also shows all the NNP have purple , VBN NNS , which seems to be a sign of something in their environment VBG them .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the book traces the full history of NNP from 1973 to 2011 with a detailed analysis of all the albums and movies with music performed by NNP ( including all the works as session musicians ) .	1	2	VBZ	traces	trace
three performers act out a fashion show , the subject of which is usually an JJ profession .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
if the concern is RB rather than article size ( the band article is pretty small at the moment ) , the NNS could always be put in JJ tables .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two civil parishes comprise the city of NNP .	2	3	VBP	comprise	comprises
all in all , the tall young man is one of the most excellent athletes chicago has had in years .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
they tell the NN that the subject is in the mountains and needs search and rescue .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
he passes in peace , and a priest , with the NNS , sends him on his way with a NN .	7	13	VBZ	sends	send
for example , an NN array can be used to determine what proteins or bacteria are present in a blood sample .	12	15	VBP	are	is
NN of NNP by NNP NNP begins ( continues until 1965 ) .	0	6	VBZ	begins	begin
the welsh language commissioner 's main aim is to promote and facilitate the use of the welsh language .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the thing that VBD my attention is the note it had as mentioning it NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in mathematics , an NN field is a JJ random field describing the JJ properties of a given system .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the album covers several tracks from the group 's early career ; some were previously released on small and independent labels , while others were private NNS .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the car chase scene with snake is a reference to the car chase scene in the 1968 film NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
people who are on the NN for a mate often start wearing clothes that are JJR .	0	10	VBP	start	starts
NN schemes are simpler because the NN key is included in the NN header , so multiple keys and complex key management are not needed , as in typical JJ NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
latin kings have a heavier presence within the united states .	1	2	VBP	have	has
this category includes articles related to the culture and history of german americans in north dakota .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the blocks sometimes have NNS or other surface features added to enhance this NN , and some dry set NN structures VBP NN altogether .	1	3	VBP	have	has
both games are action NNP game similar in style to NNP star online .	1	2	VBP	are	is
hawk agents include a JJ , JJ rule engine to filter events and send NNS to hawk display ( s ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in contrast , JJ science is a policy in which science is supported for the sake of a greater understanding of the universe , rather than for specific JJ practical goals .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the longest words JJ by VBG left and right hands are NN and NNS respectively .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the segment is well known by frequent viewers for its background music .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN is round and the eyes are lateral .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the next earliest example is by an anonymous author , probably of the 1st century bce , VBG the death of NNP ; this poem has sometimes been attributed to the NNP poet NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
with disaster VBN , life goes back to normal for NNP and his friends .	4	5	VBZ	goes	go
the stadium holds 6 , 000 all seated .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the story continues story of aftermath of the conquest of the league of NNP worlds at the hands of the NNP empire .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
the dam mainly serves for domestic supply and municipal use and its NN potential has been ranked high ( 3 ) .	1	3	VBZ	serves	serve
in some JJ churches the choir occupies the western end of the nave and thus VBZ the NN and sanctuary .	5	6	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the content is almost without merit - but could be rapidly being transformed .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles that have been marked by the wikiproject NNP as having needing attention to referencing and citation .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this is notable because the majority rule is a continuation of the common law and pennsylvania has abandoned the common law in favor of the model NNP code .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the rural conservative nature of the seat makes it a safe national seat , though this VBZ the fact that for six years it was held by a third party mp , social credit leader bruce NNP .	3	7	VBZ	makes	make
the modern settlement serves both as a JJ town for the city of glasgow and maintains its own commercial centre .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve
JJ attack in NNP , NNP kills 1 soldier and wounds 1 more .	1	6	VBZ	kills	kill
the main advantage of this approach , of course , is that it leaves the talk page VBD , whilst providing very accessible information to the user .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's law is a model for the relationship between the expected NN of JJ NNS of an algorithm relative to the serial algorithm , under the assumption that the problem size remains the same when VBN .	31	32	VBZ	remains	remain
an additional potential threat is the entry of NNS from traffic accidents and NN businesses .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
bus services are there to NNP ( 62 ) , NNP ( 62 ) , NNP , NNP NNP ( NNP ) , NNP , broadway , NNP ( CD ) and few private buses to NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
whether that 's worth a topic ban is uncertain .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
one specific research topic of interest is how JJ such as NNP NN VBZ the eye and cause infection .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
deposits in the upper santa fe group come from drainage of the JJ rio grande and the NNS of that river .	0	7	VBP	come	comes
since this is going to be replacing my current pc it should be better in all aspects , but the problem is i do n't understand any of the technical NN that searching gives me .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
composed of an area bounded by jackson and 1st NNS and by church and boulevard streets , the district includes JJ contributing properties .	18	19	VBZ	includes	include
two minor political parties exist but are legally bound to accept the ruling role of the NNP .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists
this concept relates with the long life of the business .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
things become even more dangerous , however , as the powerful NNP corporation seeks to VB NNP and NNP into JJ war , with the intent of taking over the badly damaged winner and claiming the belt for themselves .	0	1	VBP	become	becomes
commercial centers include eighteen traditional markets , the JJ shopping corridor along NNP NNP NNP in NNP and various NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
fair use in sex over the NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the NNP method takes into account the statistics from the NNP games played in the past .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
i think the problem is that NNP has zero notability outside of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the CD '' NNP 's play style is JJ and disruptive , so much so that she is usually in the top 10 in NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the research refers to the process as NNP `` the goal of our study was to discover why JJ and eggs were required for development in mammals , '' NNP said .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer
the area offers NNS for up to twelve people and tours of nearby monarch butterfly NNS .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
VBG gas at CD is one thing , but in a typical lab set up , there would be a NN attached directly to the tank with no JJ NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
like good genes , the JJ son hypothesis assumes the existence of indirect genetic benefits that are able to VB any inferior direct JJ success ( i .	7	8	VBZ	assumes	assume
the one that gets me is the NN not VBG one .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
late spring is a film about two people who RB do not believe this , and about how they are JJ by their NN , their concern for each other , and their need to make others comfortable by VBG to agree with them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
despite numerous requests , both in the edit summary and users talk page , to try and reach consensus on the talk page and NNS by at least 3 editors , this user continues to insert new ( and dubious ) information into the article .	32	33	VBZ	continues	continue
their home planet is NNP , fourth from the sun in the NNP star system in the NNP galaxy .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his daily NNS are NNS in literature and always VB pointed messages for high and noble living .	2	3	VBP	are	is
first , because the whole point of NN is that it allows you to VB something JJ that would otherwise not VB by itself .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
the JJ castle stands on a steep rock NN above the confluence of the NNP river with the rhine , opposite castle NNP , in the district of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	stands	stand
eventually their ship 's NNP generator begins to wear out and they know that they can never be accepted back into the empire having had human children .	5	6	VBZ	begins	begin
the award is given to the senior who best VBZ NNP ' character , intelligence and commitment , and whose scholarship is most likely to benefit the public .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
harrison ford 's character , richard walker , enters the blue NNP looking for NNP martin .	3	8	VBZ	enters	enter
sex work , particularly acts that involve NN workers , were a NN of the local economy .	1	4	VBZ	acts	act
these results come in the form of NNS , of which JJ games have typically ten to twenty .	1	2	VBP	come	comes
in the first formula , one of the NNS may be extended by adding `` NN terms '' with zero NNS , so that the same set of powers formally appears in both NNS .	26	30	VBZ	appears	appear
he is , however , an experienced military NN and NN NN , constantly VBG his environment so he can tell what actions are necessary for his continued survival .	22	23	VBP	are	is
one comment from one of the most famous NNS of all time is hardly JJ version basically say NN is not against men , NNS male allies and some hold gender role arguments whilst a few are against and blame men .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
the infantry shock attack operated as follows .	3	6	VBZ	follows	follow
the JJ NNP name is NNP ( NN ) , which roughly means `` JJ cake '' , also in reference to its shape .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its exhibits include the indian national army uniform worn by colonel NNP NNP , riding boots and coat buttons of colonel NNP singh NNP , photographs of NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
JJ mentions this notion but pays little attention to it .	3	5	VBZ	pays	pay
none of the residences VBZ more than 60 students so that each residence in fact has its own small JJ and JJ environment .	12	15	VBZ	has	have
the park spans the municipalities of NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
parts of the novel were slightly modified , usually to incorporate the NN transfer 's schemes , but the resolution remains the same .	19	20	VBZ	remains	remain
as of may 2008 , it seems that the use of both mentioned frequencies have ceased , and the NNP station is probably no longer in use for NN .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
known risks and JJ issues are discussed below , but JJ children receiving replacement NNS are at the lowest risk for problems .	11	15	VBP	are	is
this category comprises articles pertaining to the 1982 big ten conference football season .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
by contrast , his later novels such as captain NNP and the special service , aunt julia and the NNP , the real life of NNP NNP , and the NNP ( el NN ) appear to follow a JJ mode of writing .	5	35	VBP	appear	appears
for it is not the use of these objects to the subject himself that gives them their worth in his eyes ; it is what the community thinks of them that sets the standard .	26	27	VBZ	thinks	think
the plot of the game VBZ around low , his sister pepper , and any other survivors they can find , trying to rid the world of the mysterious and JJ `` creatures '' that are slowly taking over the planet .	1	5	VBZ	revolves	revolve
as a thought experiment for what might define the concept of thought in machines , he proposed an `` NN test '' in which a human subject has two JJ conversations , one with a fellow human and another with a machine attempting to respond like a human .	26	27	VBZ	has	have
the nine nights are each a poem of their own .	2	3	VBP	are	is
your lack of VBG blp is a serious problem and people have been blocked for JJ abuse in the area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
this food is popular in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his plans succeed and the master is able to escape the ship by submarine .	1	2	VBP	succeed	succeeds
the nearest london underground station is kings cross st .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the center holds special events to include lectures and conferences .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the outside area of the attraction is completely changed and JJ for each year as well .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
performers on the album include fellow do make say think members justin small , and dave mitchell , as well as frequent broken social scene contributors NNP NNP and julie NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this list has dubious value , even if properly constructed .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
most buildings on campus were influenced by american architecture , while the main gate , which was built in 1935 , is of traditional chinese style reflecting the university 's earlier status as the `` imperial polytechnic college '' .	13	21	VBZ	is	are
she helps NNP figure out what the black boxes mean .	8	9	VBP	mean	means
i removed the resolved tag ; NNP NNP has made a lot of progress at [ [ amanda NNP ] ] , but the situation continues at [ [ donna williams ( author ) ] ] and does n't show any signs of letting up .	24	25	VBZ	continues	continue
the college offers 49 majors and 34 NNS .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the NNP CD NN family includes both a medium and a JJ version ; an older extended version is no longer used since the early 1980s , but may still be encountered on older road signs in germany .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
of course it 's not defined which characters are common and which are n't , but it seems as NNP is preferred for NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
it is not obvious why natural selection would have favored this long-term trend if NNS had been pure NNS , which would not have needed the advanced depth perception that VBZ vision provides .	31	32	VBZ	provides	provide
the NNP page of course has a link to the international society of NNP page .	2	5	VBZ	has	have
excellent trail maps are available at local bike shops .	2	3	VBP	are	is
some examples of the 25 additional services include schools , health centres , roads , safe drinking water , child support services , places of worship , burial and NN grounds , post offices , fair price shops , and storage facilities .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
accordingly that honor goes to the NNP of the NNP of ( NNP ) , ( NNP ) and ( NNP NNP ) apart from the fact of the current adoption of the NN of the date of NN of the later NNP .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
deletion is a last resort , the article can easily be fixed and an internationally recognized band .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
one band member suggests severe NNP damage as a better name for the band .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the piece features JJ lines and JJ NNS that cover the full range and NN of the flute and piano .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the mark 44 torpedo is a JJ JJ and JJ lightweight torpedo manufactured in the u .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's NNP code is CD , but is addressed `` NNP creek , ca '' for delivery purposes as this is the postal designated city name used by residents .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
if the NN above mean sea level is used as the JJ NN , then the NNP NN entirely encompasses the NNP NNP reserve .	17	19	VBZ	encompasses	encompass
the rest of the municipality consists of islands to the west including NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist
hence , when applied to boxing , a `` NN boxer '' implies a fighter who is no longer a NN , and has the sufficient degree of boxing skill that may be expected from a professional , but who does not have the NN possessed by the NNS .	10	12	VBZ	implies	imply
if he does not or can not shape up , a block is in order .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
most of you our students come here after four years of college .	4	5	VBP	come	comes
seemingly JJ of the JJ doom , NNP ( NNP NNP ) a teenage girl lives with NNP and NNP ( NNP ) she falls in love with NNP .	14	15	VBZ	lives	live
bond drives an aston martin NNP mark iii , which is referred to as a `` NNP iii '' in the novel NNP .	0	1	VBZ	drives	drive
NNP NNS continue to be used in developing countries where they are locally less expensive and easier to obtain .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues
NNP operators monitor the cameras for emergency purposes ; local radio and television media use the service for traffic reports .	1	2	VBP	monitor	monitors
second sentence of reception section needs to be JJ , it lists too many shows .	1	5	VBZ	needs	need
her father is an engineer and her mother is a NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN is a JJ relationship between certain kinds of plants and fungi , in which the plant gets all or part of its food from NN upon fungi rather than from NN .	16	17	VBZ	gets	get
an optical system gets accurate data using JJ NNS and high resolution cameras .	2	3	VBZ	gets	get
an JJ resort is a holiday resort that includes a minimum of three NNS daily , soft drinks , most JJ drinks , NNS and possibly other services in the price .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
though they have similarities , the articles seem to be sourced from different publications .	6	7	VBP	seem	seems
the library contains over 120 , 000 books as well as the archives of the NNP of canterbury and other church bodies dating back to the 12th century .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the word itself probably derives from a now extinct JJ language ( see NNP NN ) .	1	4	VBZ	derives	derive
a JJ response relationship is most commonly used with a JJ curve to VB the toxic effects at a selected NN or criteria for effect ( i .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this protein is an integral membrane NN , and has been shown to be a surface enzyme that plays an active role in the NN and NN of NNS from JJ space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
women are a minority in most chapters of the NNP church , but it is claimed that the NNP chapter attracts a female majority .	19	20	VBZ	attracts	attract
estimates for the face value of debt covered by cds contracts range from u .	0	11	VBP	range	ranges
the canal runs from dublin to shannon harbour in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the main entrance on 2nd street is in a VBN rounded arch in the center of the building .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
delete no way is this person notable , use a bit of common sense people .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the example of speed limits above is not JJ , because the npov rule is equivalent to a constitutional provision of the wikipedia , and it is not required to have a consensus to enforce the constitution when it is violated .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
news organisations report that , by the date of the JJ election , more than 80 opposition supporters had been killed , hundreds more were missing , in addition to thousands injured , and hundreds of thousands driven from their homes .	1	2	VBP	report	reports
this is more efficient as a behavior to escape from the light source , since the creature can move in different directions , and tends to VB towards the direction from which least light comes .	33	34	VBZ	comes	come
ultimately the community decides what is acceptable .	2	3	VBZ	decides	decide
their signature event is the evening of NNP that includes dinner , dance , and a fashion show .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
i agree that all the content attached to the years is pov and has to go .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
phase i trials also normally include NN , also called NN NN studies , so that the best and JJS NN can be found and to discover the point at which a compound is too JJ to VB .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
the restoration is JJR and the details show up better .	6	7	VBP	show	shows
by no means , was this particular division however recognized by all muslim NNS , and due to historical changes , these concepts have little significance today .	22	23	VBP	have	has
in little league , in the NN and minor league divisions the NN is out after the third strike regardless of whether the pitched ball is caught RB by the NN .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
after reading about the difficulties that exist between VBG the two theories into a single JJ theory , you can decide for yourself how JJ that marriage is .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
NN gives them a bag with a bomb that VBZ when the NN opens it .	12	13	VBZ	opens	open
the station building is adjacent to platform 1 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's primary research interests are the philosophy of science , logic , cognitive science , artificial intelligence , and philosophy of medicine .	4	5	VBP	are	is
here , a parody , called `` NNP '' ( NNP NNP ) ( a NN in NNP and NNP [ portuguese for NNP ] ) drives a subway .	3	26	VBZ	drives	drive
what the nominator should understand that no article has to make an assertion of notability , nor does an article need to contain sources , as long as they are available .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the eastern side of NNP is a built up area while the western side along the coast line is well developed .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
these processing reactions occur in the NNP apparatus .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs
the brothers blame joseph for jacob 's anger and make reference to VB and VBG in regard to joseph .	1	2	VBP	blame	blames
JJ societies feature in several blake 's 7 episodes including duel , NNP , city at the edge of the world and terminal .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
all people are entitled to enjoy the diversity of nature and the well being it provides .	1	2	VBP	are	is
truth is , i do n't wan na know .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the available sequence is about 6 , 500 NNS in length .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the first point applies equally to first names ; the second applies in principle , except that famous people are rarely identified by their first name .	2	3	VBZ	applies	apply
NNP is now a place where people want to live .	6	7	VBP	want	wants
peace journalism argues that this is likely to have important and consistent effects on the way audiences understand a conflict .	16	17	VBP	understand	understands
the movie 's main protagonist is milan ( NNP NNP ) , a JJ NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
all i am suggesting is that you VBP this area is not a positive way forward as you really clash with most of the people involved in this field to the NN of all concerned .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP notes that writing also has the power to transform reality .	3	5	VBZ	has	have
but people are not smart about this kind of thing - they are highly JJ creatures and will buy WDT console is RB without regard for the subsequent price of games .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
virtually no information exists about the personality and career of this artist , save for his NN , JJ NNP portal of the NNP cathedral .	2	3	VBZ	exists	exist
each victory gives the player prize money to be spent on upgraded equipment .	1	2	VBZ	gives	give
i think the NN is brief enough to present in full , but maybe that would be excessive for NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
many historians believe that NNP served as a VBG location for traders because of its strategic location on the NN route that connected the ancient port city of NNP to the NNP , the NNP valley , and to syria .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
the closest city to the east is NNP , about away .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the memories feature the man , implied to be brandon flowers , when he is younger and coupled with a woman who is a dancer .	1	2	VBP	feature	features
all you guys want to do is VB us .	2	3	VBP	want	wants
the area has many JJ formations , such as those found at NNP falls within colorado bend state park , the nature preserve known as hamilton pool , the west cave preserve , and NNP springs in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
primary occupation of people comprises agriculture and business .	1	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise
the station is affiliated with colours tv .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
after a certain while , huge discussions essentially become votes with JJ rates of establishing consensus .	6	8	VBP	become	becomes
any tree or NN is better than no tree or NN for the environmental benefits you mention .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
other NNS include the blues , the sky blues , and the citizens , which is more often used outside england .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
having read extensively on this bus and also having included a discussion of it in the hardware courses i have VBN over the last few years i have still not been able to find out the frequency ( NNP ) this bus runs at .	41	42	VBZ	runs	run
found in the atlantic , pacific and indian NNP , the JJ family contains approximately 107 species in 26 genera .	12	13	VBZ	contains	contain
the flags indicate the NN 's primary citizenship during his or her time as an NN .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates
RB stated that he and NNP had considered using NNP and the fountain of youth in the story before reading the book , `` but whenever you say those words , powers ' novel comes to mind .	33	34	VBZ	comes	come
SYM - players get to design and build their own planet !	2	3	VBP	get	gets
norwegian public policy in the 1930s and post-war years VBD the three groups , ethnic NNPS , NNP , and NNP , considerably , to the point that most residents speak norwegian at home , regardless of their ethnic heritage .	29	30	VBP	speak	speaks
the life to come is a short story by e .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
one such range of NN is the uk NNP books which reveals he was the leader of a tribe of beast people from the NNP jungle .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
it is proven fact that most JJ armies or forces led by NNP are either VBN out or suffer extremely high casualties ( even by NNP standards ) .	7	13	VBP	are	is
his wife leaves him because of his JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
the trend since the mid-1990s is that german plantations of NNP decrease , just as the case for all other `` new breeds '' of white varieties , such as NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the magazine also has a separate sports edition , which is headed by a former cricketer .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the studio specializes in highly VBN or exotic design projects , including select private residences , and uses the tools of theme park design to help develop products , brands and businesses .	1	2	VBZ	specializes	specialize
multiple sources and views need to represented .	1	4	VBP	need	needs
JJ religions of course are too widespread to pin down .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the name VBZ from the fact that most of these schools were located in cities where lakes were abundant .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate
extremely old NNS are unable to take a human face .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in multiple NNP the JJ test is an NNP f test on all the NNS , that is equivalent to the multiple NNS r square f test .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
for each victory , teams receive a white `` piece of the NNP NNP '' .	4	5	VBP	receive	receives
the traditional centre of the village is the area around st andrew 's church , which is a grade i listed building .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
many botanical articles are mixed latin and english - RB , the description of any new species has to be in latin .	12	17	VBZ	has	have
qualification requirements are good scores on the NNP 's .	1	2	VBP	are	is
like most cities , newcastle has diverse cross sections ; and classes the city is largely christian at 70 .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NN in the NNP area of the city managed to survive the NNP air raid during world war ii , so the tradition continues today much as it has for hundreds of years .	23	24	VBZ	continues	continue
in NNP itself , the road takes a sharp turn more toward the north , and crosses a bridge over NNP creek before approaching a JJ intersection with NNP cr CD .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
the web game also offers an adventure mode , in which players advance through multiple levels and have the ability to compete against other players RB for prizes .	2	4	VBZ	offers	offer
this is an article to inform others that the two heavy weight parties of our corrupt political system are not the only way out .	12	18	VBP	are	is
the toll bridge , which is operated by the delaware river and bay authority , is approximately two and JJ miles long , with the main span measuring 2 , 150 feet .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
this project depends on funds received locally as well as from abroad for its existence .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend
the pack consists of eight JJ NNP items , including a NN , NN , NN and NN .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
his older sister , NNP NNP , still lives in NNP .	2	8	VBZ	lives	live
only a televised special behind david frost in terms of notability ; even then his actual work is arguably more important .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
distribution maps of the united kingdom show the species to be common in scotland and present , but uncommon , throughout much of england and wales .	1	6	VBP	show	shows
the person looks away from the pool and bears a NN NN resembling that of ernst 's father , but also has features which could be interpreted as female .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
most species have a basic NN as shown in the following picture .	1	2	VBP	have	has
you appear to have a fundamental NN as to what a NN is , NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNS of NNP 's NN years of NNP 's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name ( UH ) .	0	10	VBP	are	is
july temperature ranges from in the mountains to in the valleys .	1	2	VBZ	ranges	range
the novel is remarkable for its JJ characters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his true form is a snake .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current general editor is stephen NNP ( oxford ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the church has - despite its small size - the shape of a cathedral .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his father is english and mother dutch making him eligible to play internationally for both countries though will has already represented england at NNP level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a somewhat different JJ version of the song appears on NNP 's next album , now titled `` NNP '' .	4	8	VBZ	appears	appear
this is not correct , and your statement demonstrates to me an NN and NN of thinking .	7	8	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
the group VBZ the democratic presidential nominee of VBG more about his campaign than about troops in iraq and afghanistan .	1	2	VBZ	accuses	accuse
rather than being an interview , the article in question is a JJ NN piece written by NNP himself .	7	10	VBZ	is	are
but no material is perfectly transparent .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the names of NNS and their english NNS generally follow those given by g .	1	9	VBP	follow	follows
the total length of this highway is CD km .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
it is revealed in `` talent night '' that the number on his shirt refers to his age , as written in binary notation , as it changes from `` CD '' to `` 10 '' at the end of the episode .	10	14	VBZ	refers	refer
as the hill people lack awareness about the markets , they are unable to get a proper return .	3	4	VBP	lack	lacks
property prices are RB high within the district , which is one of the most expensive in the uk .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the buildings and platforms have been swept away but a couple of goods yard buildings are now houses .	14	15	VBP	are	is
unlike most of books in JJ geometry focused on JJ and JJ problems ( where most applications of JJ geometry are ) , the book aims to treat its subject in the general JJ setting .	24	25	VBZ	aims	aim
rugby union is the national NN among many white , mostly NNPS speaking south NNPS , and NNP wanted on to explore the JJ aspect of the NNS and NN with which players are treated , and the NNS which define NN in a JJ society .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main effect of ball spin is to help control what the ball will do once it hits the ground after flight .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
strong keep i agree that the article needs some major improvements to make it encyclopedic and fit the wikipedia guidelines .	6	7	VBZ	needs	need
other examples include marie NNP , NNP , and pride and prejudice .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
i RB think the text is too dense with NNS .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
french NN WRB vintage after manga cartoon NN 2007 NNP feature asserted that `` wine industry experts believe part of the manga 's appeal is that it teaches readers enough about wine to understand the drink and VB their friends , but does so in an JJ way '' .	18	24	VBZ	is	are
the first ever prose work in malayalam is the NNP inscriptions dated first half of the 12th century ad , which was obtained from the temple during 1915 .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
this village has less than 75 houses population around 300 people living here .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
judaism ) because the subject and not the mere name is about the temples NN to judaism and not to any other religion .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
a little bit of this is good ( a humorous quote , for instance , but generally only if its well-known itself , and probably never at the expense of a living person ) .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NN is the only other JJ NN used in radiation therapy , but only as an JJ NN in NN , where the NN never has a chance to be released for chemical interaction with the body 's NNS .	23	25	VBZ	has	have
alternative versions of the game include claiming cards simply by VBG `` NNP '' .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the taste of NN NN is a bit JJ NN of some NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the town extends along some shallow valleys between the hills .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
the opposite practice is JJ , in which children are assigned to the race that is considered dominant or superior .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the oldest recorded mention of the point dates to CD , and the number and identity of municipalities participating has varied , with eight being the largest number ; in 2009 , NNP merged back to NNP , bringing the number back to seven .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date
in one of his last essays , he wrote , `` the problem today is not to VB [ the status NN ] , let alone to persuade americans that it ought to be VBN .	12	14	VBZ	is	are
the next morning , the borough farm dogs sit RB on the steps as it VBZ , VBG the loss of their wise leader .	7	8	VBP	sit	sits
another popular kind of NN is NNP NN , a NN particularly made in NNP , south 24 NNP district , west bengal which uses NN and JJ NN as NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
so the requirements document becomes a critical tool that helps the team make decisions about design changes .	3	4	VBZ	becomes	become
NNP ( a collection of essays ) and NNP ( children 's stories ) are two of his notable works .	12	14	VBP	are	is
the difficulty with VBG cancer is that the cancer cells are very similar to the NN cells and you have to come up with a way to kill the cancer without killing the patient , which is very hard to do .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i know it had NNP super CD , among others - photos are on NN if anyone is able to VB them .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the current high commissioner from the united kingdom to new zealand is victoria NNP .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the small , JJ shell has an JJ shape and is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
the town is part of the NNP district , in the state of west bengal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lds belief is that as each NN for the dead occurs , the person being represented by NN may accept the JJ NN in the spirit world and thus be joined with the house of israel in an eternal NN with jesus .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this technique not only is economically beneficial , but serves to promote enhanced water quality through JJ NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the building is a historic structure , dating back to its original use with the north pennsylvania railroad .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the difference is that `` michelle 's song '' changes places with `` honey roll '' and `` variations on friends '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other christian NNS , such as the church of jesus christ of JJ saints ( better known as NNP ) and NNP 's witnesses also have a place in the town and the city of santa ana .	2	25	VBP	have	has
the track is a well maintained fire trail with an extremely steep JJ section and a creek crossing ( from the st NNP side ) at a ford before reaching the NNS , which is a beautiful NN of water over sandstone .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
first check if the article meets NNP criteria , then create a new NN for your nomination .	4	5	VBZ	meets	meet
the rationale also needs to indicate who owns the copyright to the film .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
these benefits are one reason for the district in which NNP lies ( NNP ) being the most expensive rural district in entire united kingdom .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the larvae begin to develop within the eggs only if the autumn NNS wet the eggs , the temperature falls , or the number of JJ hours NNS .	18	19	VBZ	falls	fall
the thing is a NN tall this way .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one foot in the grave becomes one inch in the grave , lady NNP 's lover becomes lady NNP 's NNP and bring me the head of NNP garcia becomes bring me the hat of NNP garcia .	1	5	VBZ	becomes	become
any reflection , translation and rotation is a global NN on NNP spaces .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the JJ NNS are relatively universal while the JJ ones are JJR and more controversial .	2	3	VBP	are	is
which is what is most deeply concerning , and the core reason i think the one NN portion of this issue is NNP himself .	17	21	VBZ	is	are
the turn for the road to NNP in italy is in the middle of the settlement .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
at the conclusion of each stage the player has the opportunity to `` trade off '' , in which the player VBZ certain NNS of the score for the stage to VB towards bonus points or experience .	20	21	VBZ	selects	select
non-free images are only to be used to improve understanding of the encyclopedia , in a way that free content could not , rather than to illustrate or VB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the NN is also JJS among NNP NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its head resembles NNP the younger .	1	2	VBZ	resembles	resemble
oppose previous blocks for 3rr give me NN , but answers to questions 9 in particular leaves me unable to support this candidate .	2	5	VBP	give	gives
NN and anthony 's traveling virus comedy NNP - this article is for something that no longer exists and certainly does not need it 's own article .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the length of the NNP block number is three or four NNS ; the terminal number may be up to seven NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
there is some criticism of the NNP for not taking rain , storm speed , and other important factors into consideration , but NNP defenders say that part of the goal of NNP is to be JJ and simple to understand .	27	33	VBZ	is	are
national surveys reveal that NNP NNS are very wide .	1	2	VBP	reveal	reveals
these standards are no longer in use in new doors , but replacement locks are still being made .	1	2	VBP	are	is
domestic NNS have a highly variable number , due to centuries of selective breeding .	1	2	VBP	have	has
now that NNP is under dominion protection , an JJ war is likely unless the JJ missiles are stopped .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the principal objective of the museum is to preserve this rich tradition , especially for the mexican people .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
delete passing mentions are not enough .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in VBN JJ synthesis , a JJ unit becomes JJ in such a way that the different possible NNS are formed in different quantities .	7	8	VBZ	becomes	become
today , the college offers a wide variety of programs and services to students , businesses and community members of all ages .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
quarters include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , klein NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these temple , though small height , are great artistic beauty and each of these with JJ background .	1	7	VBP	are	is
other areas with significant NNS include the NNP and NNP NNP NN NN ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
i have read this article word for word and in my view it is quite JJ that its sole purpose is to VB its subject .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
historically , the term dates to a time when carriage horses were used for riding .	3	4	VBZ	dates	date
comment it looks like someone needs to track down and clean up all of contributions .	0	2	VBZ	looks	look
these trains are air VBN and equipped with NNP screens , as well as dynamic digital maps showing the location and direction of the train .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the cemetery is the largest war cemetery in NNP and one of the largest in germany .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the epic film tells the story of a spanish journalist , robert , who is VBG relations with his dying father , NNP , who took part in the spanish civil war .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the trucks of a NN are metal JJ NNS , mounted to the underneath of the deck .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the JJ question , whether the almost complex structure implies the existence of a complex structure is much less trivial , and not true in general .	2	9	VBZ	implies	imply
a cat VBZ some JJ clothes into the room for him , where he VBZ and VBZ to venture outside .	1	2	VBZ	drags	drag
outside of purely mathematical NNS , perhaps the greatest value of functional NN is the insight it provides into the structure of the world .	9	13	VBZ	is	are
the lack of NN here from the NNS side makes me somewhat VBP .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make
the length of the NNS is about 41 mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
a RB defined medium is entirely free of JJ components and represents the JJS and most consistent cell culture environment .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
its current musical director is geoffrey cox .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the game 's story of time travel , future area ( featuring car town in the year CD ) and the fact that the characters are cars have been connected to back to the future .	24	25	VBP	are	is
the land still rises at the rate of about one NN per year , as an effect of the last ice age that ended in the 7th millennium bc .	1	3	VBZ	rises	rise
it is one volume , and the last chapter includes the artist 's speculation of where NNP 's mask originated .	8	9	VBZ	includes	include
i know the idea goes back further than that .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
all wikipedia NNS are free as in free beer .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this sum represents one penny to promote healthy marriage for every five dollars government currently spends to VB single NN .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent
concerns remain about alternative ways to capture and VB the image .	0	1	VBP	remain	remains
a NN rock NN joins a pop singer and a dancer in a romantic match as a publicity NN for a new television series .	3	4	VBZ	joins	join
NNS club medal NNS include herbert NNP , NNP NNP , and e .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
NNP activists use a model of NN resistance and have been using the same basic tactics since their inception in 1963 ; the underlying principle being to directly VB in a day 's hunting , historically by VBG or confusing the horses and NNS .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
a picture of the crown centre , in the picture has the copyright to it .	1	10	VBZ	has	have
both sides of the case have merits .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the issue is NNS , not grammar .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the original german title is `` der NNP VBZ NNP '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an influential NN , he was the first to assert that NNS are male and the workers female , and is sometimes called the father of english NNP .	11	12	VBP	are	is
surviving theatres include the NNP , the NNP and NNP , and closely adjacent in wellington street the NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
other factors include the need to balance water loss at high temperature and low NN against the need to VB atmospheric carbon dioxide .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
once the crew goes to sleep , the NN hunter boards NNP .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
as part of the future force CD JJ announcement in july 2011 , NNP is to be developed into a major army base to host a JJ brigade .	8	14	VBZ	is	are
treatment is with JJ drugs , NN , and biological therapy targeting specific components of the immune response .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
his grave , amongst CD , can be viewed at NNP british cemetery in northern france ( grave number 11 .	1	3	VBZ	amongst	amongst
other studies look at the future of NNS , parks , museums .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
the NN `` o ' '' is very often dropped in the case of this surname , giving simply carroll , occasionally replaced with `` mac '' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the town has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a typical NNP machine tool usually uses JJ NN , which consists of a small amount of oil VBN into a larger amount of water through the use of a NN .	4	6	VBZ	uses	use
the following list of chief NNP of the united kingdom gives information regarding the chief rabbi of the mainstream majority orthodox NNP community of the united kingdom , and various other orthodox communities located within the commonwealth of nations .	2	10	VBZ	gives	give
special types of JJ NNS are JJ projection and cabinet projection .	1	5	VBP	are	is
in the summer when NNS arrive , the permanent staff NN to keep the raw NNS alive in an environment consisting of sudden violent storms and NN NNS that can VB vehicles whole .	4	5	VBP	arrive	arrives
the programme directors are responsible for the top level educational programmes .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the film starts from the moment of the first training sessions in NNP in northern india and ends with the last NN of the match in NNP , denmark .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
this , at least , is the official version of events , though the evidence suggests that an attempt was made to VB the JJ enemy into opening fire .	14	15	VBZ	suggests	suggest
delete if i understand correctly , you are saying that the published content consists of letters that you sent to the editor .	12	13	VBZ	consists	consist
voluntary associations , are , unlike legal persons , JJ of holding rights themselves .	1	3	VBP	are	is
the water people are a tribe of humans that live in the savage land .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the report is highly critical of the government , VBG one news source to say that the report used `` language unusually harsh for the united nations '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in computer science , JJ search ( NNP ) is a tree search algorithm used for VBG or searching a JJ tree , tree structure , or graph .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
but if a player has no legal move , he loses the game .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the account looks like it could be VBN in this case , with a NN or someone else using it only once a week .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
the question here seems to be `` in relation to all questions [ is it ] necessary that the NN or the NN is true or false .	1	3	VBZ	seems	seem
the tour also addresses social issues in the host cities as part of the league 's outreach program .	1	3	VBZ	addresses	address
radio students work on NNP producing live NNS by local NNP , their own imaging , NNP , and carrying select sport games .	1	2	VBP	work	works
the province still produces a large amount of NNS which are used RB in traditional cooking , along with NNS like wheat , NN , NN and rice .	1	3	VBZ	produces	produce
this means that william 's father was a previously JJ count raymond of NNP , but his relationship to the previous documented count , raymond NNP , remains a matter of debate , with several competing theories being proposed .	17	27	VBZ	remains	remain
males spend much of their time together at NN sites , as described below .	0	1	VBP	spend	spends
the symbol is identical to the JJ symbol of mars .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some neighborhoods , such as NNP heights and NNP heights , are atop the hill , at times giving scenic views of the city .	1	11	VBP	are	is
the project seeks to link over 300 intellectual property offices ( ip offices ) in all NNP member states .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek
this album features the last song NNP wrote `` standing in the NNP of the king '' which features NNP on vocals .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
such situations are sensitive and in cases of doubt a user should VB privately with an experienced administrator or the arbitration committee .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the winners of each division automatically earn a playoff spot and a home game in their first rounds , and the two top NN winners from each conference will also make the playoffs as JJ teams .	1	6	VBP	earn	earns
the last college NNP is a JJ NNP win , the 1st time in over a decade an nfl team plays it back to back .	19	20	VBZ	plays	play
the wikipedia benefits most if you let him add content to the best of his ability and then VB it up .	2	6	VBP	let	lets
the town also has its historic municipal building which was the former seat of the provincial government of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the problem appears as NN or NN , VBG , and , sometimes , total product NN if VBG has proceeded sufficiently .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
other venues for the NNP are the NNP NNP NNP , NNP VBZ NNP , and the NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is
you ca n't deny that the strategy tends to work out very well for him .	6	7	VBZ	tends	tend
my conservative approach is to do the easy stuff ( e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS are the remaining ( primary ) objects .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in statistics , a unit of observation is the unit described by the data that one VBZ .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the image also gives a good example of the phenomenon known as `` roll '' , see flight dynamics , where the car VBZ over to one side slightly as it turns through the corner at a relatively high speed .	1	3	VBZ	gives	give
much competition in the airline industry VBZ around ticket sales ( also known as `` seat NN '' ) strategies ( revenue management , variable NN , and NN ) .	1	6	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the episode ends with junior sitting in a NN NNS with his broken NNS VBD back together , in a JJ state , RB VBG a cat .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
peers have other rights that do not formally comprise the privilege of peerage .	0	1	VBP	have	has
thus , for a computer searching only five NNS , there is a possibility that it will make a move which is JJ , but the JJ effect is not visible because it does not search to the depth of the error ( i .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are VBN most prominently when the opposing NN has two strikes , when the opposing fans try to VB , and when the rays make a good play .	17	18	VBP	try	tries
its total length is and is free .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's realm is the NNP of rest in the JJ JJ layer of NNP on the plane of NNP , though he VBZ to VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the history of rugby union matches between france and scotland dates back to 1910 when the two teams played against each other in edinburgh .	1	10	VBZ	dates	date
no my beef is that the the wikipedia community holds a NN against hip hop oriented articles .	8	9	VBZ	holds	hold
the NNP autonomous basketball team is the basketball team of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP branch in NNP county is currently the chain 's second highest performing store ( behind 5th ave .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
one school of thought says that NN in the 2000s is a separate condition from late 20th century NN .	1	4	VBZ	says	say
two small rivers meet here , the NNP and the NNP .	2	3	VBP	meet	meets
tigers are native to various parts of asia , there are not wild tigers in africa .	0	1	VBP	are	is
but his notable roles as a villain are in the JJ philippine adaptation of NNP where he played the role of NNP NNP and NNP NNP where he played the role of NNP montreal .	3	7	VBP	are	is
slang words among NNS from rio de janeiro include NN !	1	8	VBP	include	includes
the pressure of this area is lower and so the wing is VBN NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP christianity is not just a word ( for a dictionary ) , it is a concept ( for an encyclopedia ) .	6	14	VBZ	is	are
the extreme of this is NN which only occurs in small JJ particles and is where NNS are very influential causing magnetic moments to change direction RB and thus create disorder .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the time limit in the game is JJ , and the player can kill NNS , crash into opponents , or do tricks to gain time as well .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the remedy is simple , that citations be added .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
alex only VBZ in the gang activities to ensure his younger brothers are not forced entry .	11	12	VBP	are	is
a number of important NNS in early group theory is due to NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
however , the stored waters also provide irrigation benefits with flows of , as 110 million JJ metres is used in south lebanon and 30 million JJ metres in NNP , while is used for domestic water supply in the southern lebanon .	4	6	VBP	provide	provides
the name dates back to about 1822 and is well established in international usage .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
as noted by NNP in the talk page , most of the edits were made from ip addresses belonging to ohio state , where the subject is a faculty member .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
its head office is in the NNP NNP in NNP , finland .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
two areas of NN that are known to be involved in NN NN are JJ NNP ( NNP et al .	1	13	VBP	are	is
the cost is slightly higher operating costs VBN when the extra car of a pair is not necessary for the level of service .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
a charity center founded in 1984 contains a kindergarten , a training center for VBG and helps JJ students that are financially unable to enter college , attend .	12	16	VBZ	helps	help
user NNP VBD that no reference on the article NNP is acceptable except NNP sources that to interpreted by NNP scholars and used by NNP users i .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP central station is in NNP , about 100 m west of the river NNP , and serves the NNP , bridge street , chapel street , trinity way and central NNP districts .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP inside and outside the country , the website reports daily events of the country , it provides up to date news and breaking NN .	8	9	VBZ	reports	report
manufacturers and NNS make NNS available online for electronic orders that can be VBN and printed .	0	3	VBP	make	makes
the catholic parish is the sponsor of the st .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the administrative center of the NN is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this vehicle is for use primarily by organisations in the area serving the disabled and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
friends describe him as a very JJ and `` fun guy to be with .	0	1	VBP	describe	describes
a NN admits an NN flat structure if one can VB together such NNS for a covering family of charts .	1	2	VBZ	admits	admit
soon the baby bat ends up in a bird 's nest filled with three baby birds named NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	ends	end
NNP stays with the wounded chris while the others start the 20 NN ( 12 mile ) NN to a NN .	1	9	VBP	start	starts
the trail is a loop trail just outside of NNP , south carolina .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
better sources can be found in the libraries , and in NN for these to be found , the best solution proposed is to redirect the article .	20	22	VBZ	is	are
any NN is a clear attempt to drum up votes that support said pov .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
commonly used NN bacteria include total NNS , or a subset of this group , JJ NNS , which are found in the JJ NNS of warm VBN animals .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the part about the lake NNP one is in the source .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
drivers in these lists are as of april 17 , 2013 .	0	4	VBP	are	is
NNS are numerous , JJ , VBN , slightly NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
characters in the metal gear video games wear NNS , including big boss and NNP snake .	0	7	VBP	wear	wears
NNP information is in a section RB down the page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
all-american american football player '' reads RB for me , he is an all-american american .	3	5	VBZ	reads	read
mind is , therefore , the goal of nature .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the list of presidents of the government of the NNP consists of the heads of government for the autonomous local authority of the NNP , since the NNP revolution that installed the democratic third portuguese republic .	1	10	VBZ	consists	consist
another incident related to the deity of this temple is of a NNP saint ( NNP ) who lived in 7th century and composed NNS in praise of the lord .	1	9	VBZ	is	are
the show features NNS , NN motor NNS , JJ hotel NNS , and luxury vacation homes .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the cross bears several styles of celtic pattern designs .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
through a hand of cards drawn from a JJ deck , players cause other players to turn over pages in specially drawn NN books which slowly remove the clothing from their cartoon NN .	11	12	VBP	cause	causes
if he is not a scholar , and in good faith believes what other people say about this issue , he is an JJ muslim .	14	15	VBP	say	says
if deletion looks like the best result after that broad decision , we can delete then .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
i simply want to find the author of a book by NNS whose name is martin short .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
NN samples are needed to detect NNS , though , and usually more than one NN is needed because the concentration of NNS is often low and they are relatively difficult to detect .	20	23	VBZ	is	are
the town 's landmark is the NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i looked at those examples , but the keys in those examples are all NNS of values used within the table , rather than NNS of the column titles .	8	12	VBP	are	is
before NNP left the company in 1889 , he created the principal comic roles in nine of the operas , and so the principal comedian parts in the operas are often referred to as the `` NNP '' roles .	25	29	VBP	are	is
legends say that NN can change their JJ child for that of a human female while she VBZ .	0	1	VBP	say	says
people who are too easily VBN are the far bigger problem , with their constant NN about civility .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the related standard NNP over NNP defines how NNP may be used to transport NNP NN .	2	6	VBZ	defines	define
however , the truth of any one of these statements is always relative to the whole theory .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
double quotes are what i needed .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the JJ cells are the functional units of an organ , whereas the JJ cells provide the structure of the organ and JJ JJ matrix as JJ , JJ tissue .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the current article is such a hot mess , and of such JJ notability , that a merger to one place or the other is a reasonable idea .	17	24	VBZ	is	are
this paper describes the use of NNP in JJ patients .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
the article on german wikipedia contains several unused surface stations , or unused underground stations without traffic .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain
oh , and the only thing i am willing to VB on this is time ) .	5	13	VBZ	is	are
generally , the more readers the higher the column inch rate is .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
an account of the 1966 california governor 's electoral campaign is central to the narrative .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the arcade cabinet is JJ , with the NN bearing the game 's name VBG RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the former argument suggests that the infantry was great but did not have very much power and that the NNPS did not carry many strong weapons , but they did have NNS as their early literature relates .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
mother rats show maternal NNS most heavily right after birth very similarly to the way humans do .	15	16	VBP	do	does
the fact that the NNP theory actually refers to the JJ alexander described in the alexander romance makes the connection even more problematic for some islamic scholars .	5	7	VBZ	refers	refer
the 1994 edition , the current publication , contains a NN by irving howe .	2	8	VBZ	contains	contain
NNP printing is a technique for printing text , images or patterns used widely throughout east asia and probably originating in china in NN as a method of printing on NNS and later paper .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the reserve also hosts a large number of scientific research and educational projects , serving as one of the region 's JJ points for ecological research and conservation .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host
i recorded the song in the studio which is directly underneath the dining room where the piano is .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the following items are desirable for articles of all levels , although the details will vary depending on several factors .	2	3	VBP	are	is
always stay neutral in politics , even if the proposed law affects wikipedia .	10	11	VBZ	affects	affect
as a result , canadian photographs taken before january 1 , 1949 and not under crown copyright are in the public domain in canada .	5	17	VBP	are	is
roots and branches does , however , retain the NNP ' traditional roots , especially in their a NN rendering of man of constant NNP , and the album NN NNP NNP ( though the latter features an JJ electric guitar ) .	0	7	VBP	retain	retains
on the one hand , those who upload images get angry that someone VBZ to delete them over VBG NNS , instead of offering to fix the problems .	8	9	VBP	get	gets
the same idea goes for the variable g .	2	3	VBZ	goes	go
hugo NNP took special care in VBG boys from the rural areas and presently the school also encourages students originating from outside NNP to enter .	15	17	VBZ	encourages	encourage
VBG `` edit this page '' on the afd log for today shows a proper entry , which seemingly has been done wrong .	4	12	VBZ	shows	show
JJ village is the largest and most populated followed by NNP village ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP varieties have larger NN terms , allowing spreading its consumption over the year ( NN during winter , NN during NN ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has
a portrait of van NNP 's NN , NNP NNP van NNP , painted in 1842 by henry NNP VBZ above the NN .	1	19	VBZ	hangs	hang
this article is not a plot summary or collection of plot summaries either , as they provide little or no information about the plots of the films , just the character names and NNS of death .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the wing has a length ranging from and a width of .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
moreover , the JJ NNS in the heart , like those in the NNS , indicate that , following the JJ circulation , the blood goes out to all parts of the body through the NNS and returns by way of the NNS .	4	15	VBP	indicate	indicates
fair use rationale for alpha ( NNP album ) although the image is subject to copyright , its use in alpha ( NNP album ) is covered by the u .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
a recent experiment at the university of california at berkeley found that individuals with a combination of low NN and low JJ control are more likely to exhibit JJ NN responses while viewing NN VBD images .	12	23	VBP	are	is
the article is still in a work in progress , though merging with mario would n't be viewed as negative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
sole contributor 's account name NNP also implies this may be an autobiography .	4	7	VBZ	implies	imply
NNP discovers two NNS on his neck the next day but attributes them to NNS , unaware at this point that his host is actually a vampire .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the NN is enclosed with VBG and its roof line runs RB into that of the upper fuselage above the wing .	9	10	VBZ	runs	run
NNP railway station is a stop of the NNP NNP on the line NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
first , not posting on a weekend because you do n't work on weekends shows a huge lack of understanding about the dynamic and global nature of how the community works .	29	30	VBZ	works	work
by bringing it to administrative attention , my hope is that the article can be deal with properly , as opposed to me taking a NN at random and hoping it works .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
for example , the JJ NN system effectively combines components from particle NN NN , NNP of distribution algorithm , and differential evolution into a JJ hybrid .	6	8	VBZ	combines	combine
if the demand curve is also pretty flat ( the same number of people want it regardless of how much you charge ) then the two curves will meet at a very high price .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the line runs northeast for about 700 metres from the central station to NNP station , built on the site of the old city walls near the NNP NNP and the deutsche bank twin towers .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
i think you will find there will be a few more of us if the article survives .	15	16	VBZ	survives	survive
of course , this book has a happy ending and every one is reunited in the end .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
both situations require permission to be obtained from the train NN and are accompanied by additional maximum speed restrictions .	1	2	VBP	require	requires
in computer programming , a comment is a programming language construct comments are usually added with the purpose of making the source code easier to understand .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the search i hope no one seriously considers an idea that a lot of people could be RB writing on forums since 2002 in a plot to to keep this 2006 article in wp .	5	7	VBZ	considers	consider
unless someone can provide evidence of a reliable source , a redirect seems JJ .	11	12	VBZ	seems	seem
designs are typically long VBN , long VBN and wide VBN , all to provide maximum NNP protection against both direct and indirect NNP exposure .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the NN is a dense cluster of 5 to 15 JJ to RB JJ flowers , each less than a NN long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other regional airports of significance include john c .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
it will be recognized that the leg containing the normal cargo open switch in figure CD constitutes the middle horizontal leg of an JJ .	6	16	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
these continental islands which are part of the great barrier reef marine park are NNP island national park , brook islands national park and family islands national park .	2	13	VBP	are	is
an example is NNP for creating a NN frame for effects like normal and JJ mapping .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the library 's catalog is available in electronic format and is available RB .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this category includes navy NNS , which are authorized to be worn by members of all ranks .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
thus , with full system pressure on the small area side of the ram , and half system pressure on the large area side , the ram remains perfectly balanced and VBN .	26	27	VBZ	remains	remain
his younger brother NNP is also a grand prix motorcycle racer , and competed alongside NNP in NNP in .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the doctor then tells him to turn around to check him from behind .	1	3	VBZ	tells	tell
the next day , NNP VBZ in alex that NNP told him he was adopted , like NNP , and that his birth family needs him .	23	24	VBZ	needs	need
after telling them some proposals of NNP , they claimed that i am crazy , and the theory is wrong , etc .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the NNS VBP the development of the neighborhood with significant historical events and prominent citizens .	1	2	VBP	depict	depicts
anna article that focuses more on the JJ phenomenon , and largely gets rid of the part about donated hair and such .	1	12	VBZ	gets	get
this compilation is no longer manufactured by any company .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fair use in on the edge ( iron fire album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
please note that direct links to the NNP website are not available at this time .	4	9	VBP	are	is
its other common names include the NN shark and the crown shark .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
the main compounds responsible for its JJ effects are JJ and NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is
the castle features three lines of walls , with five towers .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
a NN boat is a traditional NN treat consisting of a NN cut NN and NN with NN and chocolate , then VBN in aluminium NN and VBN in the NNS left over from a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the last shows how the canvas system produces documents that are far different from traditional NN programs .	6	7	VBZ	produces	produce
the municipality consists of the villages of NNP NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
the NNP sandstone member is an example of a storm dominated rock unit .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the ecclesiastical parish still exists today and forms part of the NNP of westminster st margaret in the diocese of london .	2	4	VBZ	exists	exist
NNS , VBG tax and the NN of financial products in general is an RB complicated subject , and NNS as a general matter almost always seek the assistance of a NN adviser to assist them in these matters .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
from NNP the river flows NNS and near NNP de NNP ( NNP ) , the NNP is joined by its only tributary , the NNP , from this point there is an irrigation channel which waters a small valley near NNP .	3	4	VBZ	flows	flow
flora baseball team has multiple state championship and upper state championship wins in the past 10 years , and won the 2012 south carolina CD state championship .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the serial is not available separately on dvd in regions 2 or 4 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the school has a number of notable alumni .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
there should be no NN as to the cause until the official investigation is complete .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
no objection to NN if he either NNS to a pro side or plays full NNS ( either of which seems possible ) .	1	20	VBZ	seems	seem
deletion by government command is censorship [ .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the men call themselves the NNPS and arrest some of the NNS , but JJ billy is unable to wait for justice .	1	2	VBP	call	calls
NNP NNP sabha constituency ( ) is one of the 28 NNP sabha constituencies in karnataka state in southern india .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the company 's solution for the cutting stock problem is responsible for savings equivalent to 0 .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
in north american digital terrestrial television broadcasting , a distributed transmission system ( NNP or NNP ) is a form of NN network in which a single broadcast signal is fed via NN , NN , or communications satellite to multiple VBN terrestrial radio transmitter sites .	11	17	VBZ	is	are
its entrance is from the exterior , the JJ NNP FW NNP , an idea VBN by NNP i , was put into effect by ferdinand i de ' NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
interchange between the NNP international branch and NNP trains via NNP is possible although the platforms are widely separated and at different levels .	0	11	VBZ	is	are
the external quantum efficiency therefore depends on both the NN of light and the collection of charges .	3	5	VBZ	depends	depend
these NNS are useful when the parameters a and b need to be estimated from numerical data .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the shape of the NNP is a RB a NN feature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his most important work on that shape depicts a JJ couple in a NN .	3	7	VBZ	depicts	depict
the sky is blue ; paris is in france ; queen elizabeth ii of the queen of the uk ; and gravity makes NNS fall off trees .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are VBN for VBG with the county NN in reading , but parish priest possesses a NN ( CD to 1812 ) by edmund NNP .	15	16	VBZ	possesses	possess
this ability is particularly useful in a NN site call center environment where customer calls can be transferred from one person to another multiple times within the same transaction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
history articles lacking verifiable sources are inherently JJ , and this one additionally lacks any apparent notability whatsoever or verifiable sources .	1	5	VBP	are	is
they should be able to correctly assume that the presented version is already the highest quality version available , and that means the highest resolution version , with as little JJ editing - such as VBG and VBG - as possible .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the problems faced by NNS range over a wide spectrum of issues which are unique to countries in the region .	1	5	VBP	range	ranges
the removal of non free images from articles is certainly not a minority viewpoint and it certainly shall not be treated as vandalism by you or anybody else .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
this category is for baseball at southwestern oklahoma state university .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the second NN of the NN legs has a fine NN for VBG , typical for NNS .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
the basic rule of our operation is consensus , which is itself an interpretation of NNP , and means we can do whatever we want to do if we agree on it .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
this is what NNP wants , and their relationship becomes more stable ; however , when NNP is forced to come clean over false rumors she spread claiming that she was sexually VBN by a teacher , mr .	8	9	VBZ	becomes	become
this category contains video albums that were released in 2011 .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
as a galaxy gained mass ( by VBG smaller NNS ) the dark matter stays mostly on the outer parts of the galaxy .	13	14	VBZ	stays	stay
so you were really pushing yourself to try to think of JJ , cool , spectacular ways that you could use this jumping talent that these characters have .	26	27	VBP	have	has
the building has a naturally lit central NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article certainly needs expansion but nominating it for deletion should not be the way to achieve that .	1	3	VBZ	needs	need
of these 3 , 600 species , 44 are protected , CD are NNS , 79 NNS , CD NNS , CD NNS , CD fin NNS , CD NNS and 17 NNS .	5	12	VBP	are	is
nowhere in his works does NNP seem to adopt NNP ' view that the light of NNP is identical with the fire of hell .	14	17	VBZ	is	are
assuming that the medium is JJ ( i .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
sensor layer allows soldiers to detect , identify , and track both enemy and friendly systems and to survey the terrain around them .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
the knight offers to lead NNP to a bridge , but the hero chooses to jump the ford on his horse NNP .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
NNP phi NNP 's goals include VBG the community through various NNS , increasing asian awareness , promoting academic scholarship , and VBG the asian american voice on campus .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
the purpose of the show is to find the best of the best hindi television stars , who will be crowned as mr .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the VBN whale is a NN of the NNS characterized by having teeth .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN equation is continuous in both space and time .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the forests of quebec run wild area are mostly third growth mixed JJ type .	1	7	VBP	are	is
in NNS , the NNP temperature is the temperature at which a non ideal gas VBZ most like an ideal gas .	14	15	VBZ	behaves	behave
a VBG community of JJ still exists in both NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist
your edit is NN to the point of being NN for inclusion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article for illinois wine provides an overview of the industry .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide
google web searches , are RB JJ in turning up print coverage of books and their authors , particularly JJ turn of the millennium .	2	4	VBP	are	is
even more commonly , people just put a normal ( breaking ) space between the NN marks because the JJ space is often not easily accessible from the keyboard .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
notably , at least one member of the family suffered RB during the JJ wars and whose description comes down to us through fr .	17	18	VBZ	comes	come
a NN passes to the west of the station .	1	2	VBZ	passes	pass
a young man drives his horse and NN filled with milk NNS .	2	3	VBZ	drives	drive
once NNP reveals that the NN is in NNP , NNP VBD his NN and attacks NNP and the NNPS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the entire area is part of the traditional region of lower NNP and is now included in the central slovenia statistical region .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the reservoir has a flood storage capacity of CD , 600 NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
changed to which is when county council elections take place .	7	8	VBP	take	takes
august 11 , 1995 ) , once an JJ communist and poland 's ambassador to the united states , is best known for having VBN at the height of the NNP crisis in 1981 .	13	19	VBZ	is	are
this time , wong 's teams are better prepared and they emerge victorious .	5	6	VBP	are	is
european examples include the romanian ceremonies known as NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
google search primarily turns up myspace results .	1	3	VBZ	turns	turn
support it shows enough of the mission for me .	0	2	VBZ	shows	show
keep - as long as this is a valid NN , the article is a valid stub .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
NNP county high school organizations and activities include band , chorus , drama , clubs , and athletics .	4	7	VBP	include	includes
keep article is still a mess , but not JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this traditional dance , which takes place the day before the start of catholic NN ( fat tuesday ) , starts with singing and ends with a linked sword dance of five male dancers who perform simple NNS while passing over or under a single wooden sword .	2	20	VBZ	starts	start
the film also refers to the land rights movement of the australian NNP , with NNP NNP drawing an explicit parallel between his struggle and PRP .	1	3	VBZ	refers	refer
the NNP administration controls access to lake NNP , and only a few people fish there .	2	3	VBZ	controls	control
configuration is distinct from chemical NN , a shape JJ by bond NNS .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the `` doc comments '' format used by NNP is the de facto industry standard for VBG java classes .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the fifth NN is the only way to tell without seeing the engine .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the major NN with these methods is the considerable NN , but that is probably not to be avoided with such NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the only way to avoid the found new hardware wizard from VBG up on is by VBG a NNP certified driver before the device is VBN in .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
the airport is also known as , or formerly known as capitol drive airport .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some authors understand JJ object to be an umbrella term VBG all objects ( direct , indirect , and JJ ) , whereas other authors use the term to VB just a JJ object .	24	25	VBP	use	uses
the man known as NNP is RB the most powerful of NNP NNP 's big four , powerful enough to easily crush any of his boss ' enemies with little effort .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the plates are in fact part of the latter 's skull roof .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the museum also has an NN show .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
sales for JJ and 2000 are unknown , although a reasonable guess is about 500 , 000 total .	0	5	VBP	are	is
this process greatly increases the security of the NN system .	1	3	VBZ	increases	increase
no JJ survives of the NNP or NNP NNS , but their names survive in berkeley street names ( NNP , NNP , and NNP ) .	12	13	VBP	survive	survives
another difference is the possibility to VB time information of any wanted precision via the JJ seconds element .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this family ministry also VBZ holiday food boxes at NNP and christmas , and passes out school supplies to JJ children each september .	2	4	VBZ	distributes	distribute
well my function here is to investigate , not to get involved .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the languages of instruction are german and english .	1	4	VBP	are	is
i feel as the alleged actions of the NN were the NN one of the biggest riots , and the biggest ethnic riot , in post communist russia , then the acts are certainly of enormous import .	31	32	VBP	are	is
travel benefits and insurance programs were the driving forces behind membership then as they are today .	8	14	VBP	are	is
due to the lack of definitive evidence , modern scholarship instead uses an NN approach in explaining the NNP ' origin .	9	11	VBZ	uses	use
the works that have survived are in treatise form and were not , for the most part , intended for widespread publication , as they are generally thought to be lecture aids for his students .	1	5	VBP	are	is
this NNP story takes place over the JJS NN of all the adventures of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
return to the planet of the NNP is a short-lived animated series , by NNP enterprises in association with 20th century fox television , based upon planet of the NNP by pierre NNP .	0	7	VBZ	is	are
murder by the book is a NNP NNP detective novel by rex NNP published in 1951 by the viking press , and collected in the JJ volume royal NNP ( 1965 ) .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
system NNS record various actions on computer systems .	1	2	VBP	record	records
the person RB reviews his or her existing belief system and tries to replace lower , automatic views and reactions with carefully thought out , examined and chosen ideals .	1	3	VBZ	reviews	review
delete from what i know and have been able to find , he is a leading expert in his field ; the work of his agency is notable ; but there is a lack of reliable sources to establish his personal notability to justify an article .	22	26	VBZ	is	are
certain characters in a game definitely are notable because they have become known beyond the game itself , have been mentioned in stories or other fiction , etc .	1	6	VBP	are	is
assuming good faith is one thing , but a JJ NN nazi NNP member using it is a whole different story .	13	16	VBZ	is	are
the ballot is VB and the process of NN VBN with ballot papers being VBN again according to the voters next available preference allocated to any continuing candidate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the specific mountain is the NN at the foot of the maritime alps on which the town stands .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
modern day NNS of the theory include jeff NNP of the dollar NNP , simon black of sovereign man , andrew henderson of NNP NNP , steve NNP , and others .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
even recently , when gordon called NNP `` NNP '' ( which i 'm sure was not intended to give offence , as lots of editors use NNS of names ) , and NNP replied with something like `` only my friends get to call me NNP , NNP .	23	26	VBP	use	uses
the raiders then beat the philadelphia eagles in super bowl NNP , rushing for a CD yards and passing for CD yards again , as NNP , NNP , and right guard mickey NNP VBD eagle JJ charlie johnson and inside NNS bill NNP and frank NNP .	1	3	VBP	beat	beats
the animal is now in NN at los angeles zoo .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN , '' as the name implies , is concerned with how things ought to be as opposed to how things are ( or will become ) .	5	6	VBZ	implies	imply
fitzgerald also produced NNP 's revenge 's 1996 album image is everything .	9	10	VBZ	Is	Are
for the others , the daily NN involves using their own vehicles or using public transport , which is basically the buses run by NNP municipal corporation .	21	22	VBP	run	runs
of this `` second period '' NNP says that it `` represents the highest excellence in prose and poetry , '' VBG NNP .	4	7	VBZ	says	say
one day , a woman by the name of NNP accidentally opens the box containing all the demons , releasing them all from their imprisonment , VBG the NNS and VBG human race to extinction at the hands of the NN .	4	11	VBZ	opens	open
the village has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
and this original research of mine is consistent with the NNP 's description of the area , as well as the college and country club 's NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
JJ CD b currently lies beyond the outer edge of the JJ zone but because JJ CD is a slowly VBG NN red dwarf its JJ zone is very slowly moving NNS and will continue to do so for NNS of years .	26	27	VBZ	is	are
when a government attorney has a personal interest in the NN , the neutrality so essential to the system is violated .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the park is famous for its NN swimming , NN , VBG , camping , and fishing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
gfdl when image says photo copyright to someone else .	2	3	VBZ	says	say
daily services run to the nearby towns of NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
one of the major elements that VBZ NNP pride from other pride organizations is the requirement that all events must be paid in full , so that the organization never takes on more than it can actually pay for .	28	30	VBZ	takes	take
the subject lacks all traces of notability .	1	2	VBZ	lacks	lack
the town centre consists of around 100 business units .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
slightly altered versions of the image exist in which an additional visual NN VBZ the perception of JJ spin and NN spin .	12	13	VBZ	facilitates	facilitate
the park 's name means first forest or ancient forest , in accordance with a JJ legend that says the earth first emerged from the ocean here .	3	4	VBZ	means	mean
results are after distribution of JJ votes .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the problem is generally making sure that your treatment only attacks the cancer cells and does not attack the healthy cells .	8	10	VBZ	attacks	attack
a common application of this effect is addition of a JJ carbon ( e .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
b hit `` my name is not susan '' in 1991 , and appeared in the music video alongside houston .	4	5	VBZ	Is	Are
NN reads a letter from their daughter .	0	1	VBZ	reads	read
all the students of NNP are members of the british council library and each of them can VB maximum four books at a time and keep them for as long as six months .	2	5	VBP	are	is
asian `` mail bike '' is an JJ tool for letter carriers of cities to assist their normal everyday JJ heavy mail NN .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
also , afd is not the next step when your edits fail to gain NN for whatever reason .	10	11	VBP	fail	fails
department of defense ( NNP ) school is much like teaching at a school within the united states .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the organ has four NNS ( keyboards ) and 65 stops spread over 80 ranks .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
i VBP with that NNP 's findings , and all accounts here are also indefinitely blocked .	6	12	VBP	are	is
in the summer , the NN on the east side of the canal has a cycling path .	5	13	VBZ	has	have
the russian basketball league system or russian basketball league pyramid , is a series of JJ competitions for professional basketball clubs in russia .	4	11	VBZ	is	are
the goal of this NN scheme is to VB traffic NN within the lanes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP juice in the stomach starts protein NN .	1	5	VBZ	starts	start
the building features glass hydraulic NNS that are the tallest in the world .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
i just want the arbcom to allow me to be a normal member of the community again , and your comments have me feeling like new NNS are being thrown up to VB this already RB extended process .	20	21	VBP	have	has
the industry side effect is an overall drop in revenue and service quality .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
today many irish people live in areas such as hall green and NNP .	3	4	VBP	live	lives
suggested fa criteria concerns are NN and formatting of references ( CD ) , images ( 3 ) , lead ( CD ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a JJ block is already a long time and hopefully will send the intended message .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the questions really are whether this contest is an important one or not ( which could be argued , but no one has .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the increased usage comes as doctors search for an JJ drug that can be VBN less frequently than JJ drugs like NN or NN .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
most of the album 's songs were either written or JJ by NNP , and the album VBZ with a cover of john NNP 's song `` mother '' , which NNP had performed during a NNP tribute shortly after the september 11 attacks in new york city .	16	17	VBZ	closes	close
the signature concerns are , in my view , similarly VBG .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the village has a population of 1 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP assembly constituency is part of NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
thanks for all your NNS , i suspect the NN is a CD so i will order a few from NNS unless anyone has any further advice .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
further , some newer double rifles even have what might be termed as `` smart NNS .	5	7	VBP	have	has
an JJ VBN structure is carved above one NN in the middle and two square structures are on the corners .	15	16	VBP	are	is
isbn CD the NNS seem to be concerned with issues of the JJ debate at the time when the gospel was written .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
news sources report that a JJ offering of a portion of the u .	1	2	VBP	report	reports
got agree that the evidence points to a high level of VBG which is damaging the whole wp project .	4	5	VBZ	points	point
the islands are the home of the apostolic prefecture of the NNP islands .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the character is notable in the fictional universe in that he is the yes man and personal servant of the main villain , i .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
delete - things change in live television all the time .	2	3	VBP	change	changes
while these two groups get on with their tasks , NNP 's group burst in on the NN under cover of the NNS guns .	3	4	VBP	get	gets
currently , the house is vacant and in JJ need of repair , although there are plans for restoration .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
fair use in saturday 's NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
firstly , lack of notability is not a valid criteria for the deletion of school articles as per wp policy .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
here goods are JJ ; that is , a good includes the time and state of the world in which it is consumed .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this incident relates to much of what lengthy commentary in many sources refer to in relation to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	relates	relate
NNP ' most significant contributions to social psychology are her NNS of the NN ( NNP , 1977 ) , the NN is a cognitive representation that VBZ knowledge about the self and guides processing of JJ information .	4	8	VBP	are	is
other series do have such discussions , this one does not .	8	9	VBZ	does	do
the JJ island of NNP makes up the southern part of this ward .	2	5	VBZ	makes	make
the site is popular with tourists , and is one of the facilities available for tourists in NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the users are both blocked , their damage reverted .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the mascot of the school is chris the cardinal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the festival is a celebration of a JJ harvest of NNS and other agricultural products which the province is known for .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the name derives from the flower stems , bearing many small flowers , which VBZ over at the top in a manner reminiscent of the head of a NN .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive
many modern NNP NNP editions include a plastic flat VBG glass , entire metro networks for mexico city and NNP , and , for the mexico city edition , a NN map containing the NNP NNP and the NNP NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
support - certainly , after all , we know that all ryan NNP NNS are always right .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the road heads RB north from the river and railroad line , passing through VBN areas with a few homes .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head
regular guardian columnist surely has to be pretty notable , much as i VBP that JJ NN .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
the first part of your question ( who thought it was a good idea ) is too hard for me .	2	15	VBZ	is	are
in new york city , a man with a camera follows a woman from an elevator through a corridor to another elevator , where all the people appear to be gray .	26	27	VBP	appear	appears
the three warriors attempt to attack golden arm but to no NN .	2	3	VBP	attempt	attempts
the NN was inaugurated in 1887 , being described as an `` aquatic sports and NNP NNP '' , although alfred NNP 's painting VBZ a NN in existence some thirteen years earlier at the same location .	23	24	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate
not ) the article is long and NN , and it has sufficient JJ text to be put into context .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
nearby surrounding communities include california directly to the north ; NNP almost directly to the north ; montgomery to the JJ ; and NNP ( the county seat ) to the northwest .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NNS are frequently present in addition to VBG NN and often some degree of NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the song moves at a NN of 160 beats per minute , and andré 's vocal range spans more than an NN and a half , from NNP to NNP .	1	2	VBZ	moves	move
in this very influential work , NNP showed that the NNS followed by the NN depend on the task that the observer has to perform .	21	22	VBZ	has	have
research of NNS in different cities of azerbaijan showed that the NNS constructed in the JJ centuries have JJ solution both in JJ structure and construction methods .	11	17	VBP	have	has
finally the database is JJ again .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP vision of NNP is to ensure JJ access to land resources , for sustainable peace , social justice and economic stability .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
a JJ substance is one that RB VBZ a chemical reaction with water .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
first , the JJ binding NN of the NN NN depends on the dna sequence .	5	10	VBZ	depends	depend
the article needs work , but the site is quite notable .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
all major parties committed themselves to VBG this aim , but most historians say that NNP 's labour party were seen by the electorate as the most likely to follow it through .	12	13	VBP	say	says
she left washington in 1997 for california and started her own business , NNP and associates , which developed strategies for helping JJ people move out of poverty .	23	24	VBP	move	moves
the utility sells CD of electricity annually , however the utility has no electrical generating capacity of its own .	10	11	VBZ	has	have
once a largely agricultural country , the twin NNS of costa rica 's current economy are technology and NN .	8	15	VBP	are	is
NNP 's spider monkey belongs to the new world monkey family NNP , which contains the spider NNS , RB NNS , NNS and NN NNS .	3	4	VBZ	belongs	belong
exhibits present the regiment 's history from the late 17th century to present day activities .	0	1	VBP	present	presents
despite being VBN at mozart 's death , the piece is nonetheless one of his more popular compositions for the piano .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
however , no matter how JJ he is , civility for the sake of civility remains and will always be JJ .	3	15	VBZ	remains	remain
again , bias has to be RB demonstrated , it can not simply be asserted by reference to those who say they detect it .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the population ( 2000 census ) is 11 , CD of which 4 , CD live in the small town of NNP itself ( with the remainder in surrounding countryside ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the diagram shows how housing prices appreciated rapidly in many countries during the JJ period leading up to the NN NN crisis .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
NNP also put forth his , by now usual NN that tv NNS employees are all NNS and should seek treatment .	13	14	VBP	are	is
other JJ effects of journal therapy include the expression of feelings , which can lead to greater NN and acceptance and can in turn allow the writer to create a relationship with his or herself .	2	6	VBP	include	includes
the observed clinical findings include VBG of the face and hands ( 83 .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
time NNS typically record the time of day in NNS or NNS of an hour .	1	3	VBP	record	records
the book has a short entry on the society and NNP connection was mentioned .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article has sources somewhat irrelevant to the subject , can not establish notability , JJ internet NN as i saw here .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NNP des NNS NNS de JJ NN ( NNP ) was created in 1955 and became the NNP VBZ NNS in 2002 .	3	5	VBP	de	des
delete the eu referendum blog has been writing about the eu for a few years in JJ detail , and their site gives not hits to the term .	21	22	VBZ	gives	give
thus , even the tender moments have an JJ NN .	5	6	VBP	have	has
today the church is a place of JJ devotion and is the church of the city 's artists .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
in mathematical notation for numbers , JJ representation indicates that each NN is associated with a sign , positive or negative .	7	8	VBZ	indicates	indicate
altered JJ balance plays a crucial role in the NN of liver diseases including NN , NN , and NN .	2	3	VBZ	plays	play
a major inspiration for the game is the NNP NNP card game .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
these forms mean we , but specifically you and i .	1	2	VBP	mean	means
the NNS are not covered anywhere else and all link to this well needed page .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the school serves a wide area that includes but is not limited to NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and parts of NNP and the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
wine produced from the grape has a characteristic dark NN and light NNS taste .	0	5	VBZ	has	have
in electronics design , an NN table shows the minimum NNS that are necessary to generate a particular next state when the current state is known .	6	7	VBZ	shows	show
now , the only way for someone to edit is to have an account - and the only people who have accounts are the people for whom you create them using the NNP account !	18	22	VBP	are	is
reformed NNS of faith are the NNS of faith of various reformed churches .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NNP province rural commune CD CD 0 CD CD residents live in the center , called RB ; CD residents live in rural areas .	19	20	VBP	live	lives
local musicians who have played for him include alex NNP , jay jay ( singer guitarist ) , NNP , ricky , NNP NNP , michael NNP , mac NNP and jenny NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
forms of JJ NN differ widely between christian groups .	0	4	VBP	differ	differs
the third day consists of five matches of NNS in the morning and five matches of NN in the afternoon .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
its principal use is in the manufacture of VBG tobacco .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the party uses a small boat to travel to the center of the lake to NNP , who resides in the remains of a vast NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use
the ultimate goal of patrick jane in his cooperation with the NNP is to track down the killer known as `` red john , '' who was responsible for the JJ murders of his wife and daughter .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
the objections are about mentioning it right in the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
another member of this family , NNP , is approximately 16 NN away .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the image of JJ , dirty NNS sometimes associated with the vikings in popular culture is a JJ picture of reality .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
while much of the event features displays , NNS , VBG and musical performances , the featured events occur around the competitive vehicles .	17	18	VBP	occur	occurs
if one player RB runs out of cards , that is , either extra cards were dealt elsewhere or one or more cards are missing , the hand is considered void and the deal passes to the player 's right .	2	4	VBZ	runs	run
during easter NNP , the sunday before and after , buses and some NNS to NNS are free but JJ stops are cancelled unless they are high passengers NN , JJ stops , or if there is another NN ( some unique track routes keep all stops ) .	10	16	VBP	are	is
bring this up at an rfc some dispute resolution processes , this page is for 3rr violations ; i agree it is VBG .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
men with NN cancer may have an elevated risk of breast cancer , although the absolute risk remains low .	16	17	VBZ	remains	remain
comment - the japanese version seems to have more sources than the english version .	0	5	VBZ	seems	seem
i can see it is , as the NNP guidelines say , completely sourced , neutral , and NN .	9	10	VBP	say	says
the main frequent airlines of the airport are , NNP bangladesh airlines , united airways ( NNP ) ltd .	3	7	VBP	are	is
to VB NN , dairy NNS are almost permanently kept pregnant through artificial NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is
examples of automated means are internet sites .	0	4	VBP	are	is
the female VBZ two JJ pale blue eggs which hatch in 17 days and NN in 30 .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
indeed the shallow view is that we have been to the moon , we have space stations , we have JJ JJ orbital space craft , and we can get to mars if someone put up the funding .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
some changes early in driver life are JJ ( such as a reduction in NNP accompanied by a rise in NNP ) and result in minimal net changes ( small NNS of a NN ) in frequency response .	1	6	VBP	are	is
nominations are not notable for there own articles , see the various lists with awards and lack of lists about nominations .	0	1	VBP	are	is
you will not even be able to verify that an english name appears in a chinese text if it has been VBN from english to chinese in the normal way ( just like we VBP chinese names into the latin alphabet ) .	11	12	VBZ	appears	appear
airline is a british television series produced by yorkshire television for the itv network in 1982 .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
december 2005 ( utc ) i believe stubs are a higher form of article than those on cleanup , and i create lots of them accordingly .	7	8	VBP	are	is
anniversary ( NNP video game ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
this one has to be VBN by an NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this resolution recognizes february 5 to 9 , 2007 , as teenage dating violence awareness and prevention week .	1	2	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
the redirect is a good idea and may have been a better option than a prod .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
other articles reflect meetings between leaders in 2004 , 2006 and 2007 .	1	2	VBP	reflect	reflects
the drama , which started on january 29 , includes NNP NNP long , lee NNP , and NNP NNP di .	1	9	VBZ	includes	include
while JJ NNS are JJ with the shells of other NNS and are similarly composed of NN , JJ guards are RB novel and are composed of NN or NN , thus VBG to preserve well .	19	20	VBP	are	is
sources differ on whether nearby islands are part of the group .	0	1	VBP	differ	differs
the route crosses into NNP grove township and turns to the north as an unnamed road , heading back into NNP township and passing to the east of NNP lake before running through NNP .	1	2	VBZ	crosses	cross
a common NN is to show trace statements or `` print statements '' which can indicate the program flow as it leads up to a specific script error .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the committee , like its national body , promotes agriculture as an industry to strengthen the state economy via its `` flow on '' effect .	1	8	VBZ	promotes	promote
the landing area is the area in which the landing is going to take place ( e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
since the late 1990s , hiv occurrence has increased rapidly in areas such as the autonomous province of NNP , where the flow of NNS is heavy and poverty is endemic .	22	25	VBZ	is	are
RB - i checked up on diesel - and the problem is pretty much the same .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are mostly JJ , linear , flat and thin or round with a JJ NN at the base .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the rocky shallow areas of the bay are also a protected area .	3	7	VBP	are	is
while are numerous competing definitions of what methods constitute `` good agricultural practices '' there are several broadly accepted schemes that producers can VB to .	7	8	VBP	constitute	constitutes
the agency has its headquarters in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
rising sun 's conflict with the younger heroes , the super young team , continues .	3	14	VBZ	continues	continue
at the bottom , key information is present in a JJ zone .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
students in the city attend JJ junior high and NNP high school in NNP .	0	4	VBP	attend	attends
short selling does n't work if NNS , NNS , and NNS go JJ .	11	12	VBP	go	goes
keep , stamps issued by a national body are a real sign of notability .	2	8	VBP	are	is
but it 's still a bit surprising to me that this works , previously i would have thought that you would need to use a NN with the NN disabled to make JJ water which will VB RB when you VBP it .	5	11	VBZ	works	work
book 4 ) , although his role in the actual novel is rather JJ .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
the community is the birthplace of hockey hall of NNP frank NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
among those email clients that do support html , some do not VB it consistently with NNP specifications , and many html NNS are not JJ either , which may cause rendering or delivery problems , especially for users of NNP .	22	23	VBP	are	is
the album is a NN to the band 's previous four concept albums , which comprise the NNP wars narrative .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i 'm not sure what wikipedia policy is on NNS like this , but it looks non notable to me .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the original paper used a JJ NNP NN of the JJ distribution ; alternative NN techniques use NNP NN and NN NN .	15	16	VBP	use	uses
the banks of this stream are generally high the current is JJ the bottom of the stream is generally rocky .	1	5	VBP	are	is
NNP 's current drivers are NNP NNP and andré NNP , who finished second in the 2004 championship , although he was tied in points with champion richard NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as the name suggests , the mint moth often uses mint as a food plant , though it can also be found on other species such as NN .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
so people will die earlier even without NNS - in other words , any particular harmful custom has less JJ to take away in the first place .	16	17	VBZ	has	have
episode 1 begins with a brief NN of the crusade episode 4 , which is currently the only surviving film footage of that episode .	0	2	VBZ	begins	begin
secret marks are small design NNS added to distinguish NNS RB .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the island is part of the NNP regional unit , and is administered as a single municipality .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
by itself , the formula is not a valid representation of the original function .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
leaders are RB JJ channels of partially VBN gas that travel away from a region of dense charge .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP profile of NNP is n't very VBG - he quotes von NNP 's memoirs ( and draws a pretty JJ conclusion from them ) but VBZ to mention the NN account of him VBG NNP 's actions in 1936 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the school has other campuses around the united states .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the company 's ethics commission believes in economic fair play that can match the consumer 's NN to pay while processing the highest quality of organic raw materials that are RB grown .	4	5	VBZ	believes	believe
both NNS have the JJ , JJ spot at the heart area .	1	2	VBP	have	has
its western boundaries start at NNP road at sand creek and extend east to NNP road and ends slightly after continental colony elementary before entering the city of east point .	2	3	VBP	start	starts
the station is also the terminus of one of adelaide 's broad gauge suburban routes , the NNP railway line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
recent generations of NNP chips contain an integral NN counter , and the memory control NN can either use this counter or provide a row address from an external counter .	1	5	VBP	contain	contains
today the house is the only JJ federal mansion remaining in the colonial area of philadelphia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the village of NNP hosts the annual `` NNP days '' festival on the final weekend of july .	1	4	VBZ	hosts	host
sheep and NNS are both VBN and a very small number of bear and NN bones were also discovered .	2	3	VBP	are	is
which material is still there , in spite of many editors VBG it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
church NNP became a NNS are welcome town in 2009 , the first in the west midlands , and its many JJ NNS over the long NNP and the NNP hills help make it a major walking centre for NNP .	4	5	VBP	Are	Is
the film is 14 minutes long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , NNP , NNP de NNP , 1987 , p 69 '' although the NNP culture is also very strong in NNP , just as the NNP culture , NNP people were NNS to the NNP kingdom of NNP .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the actual activities however are common to most human cultures around the globe for several NN .	2	4	VBP	are	is
this appeal is what attracts us , and ultimately what makes us NN when we begin to understand how JJ movies are more than this .	20	21	VBP	are	is
these JJ communication molecules fulfill very diverse roles in regulation of cellular expression and NN whose JJ effects occur at mere JJ concentrations .	17	18	VBP	occur	occurs
when a peer holds one or more other NNS of the same rank as his most senior peerage , use only the most senior peerage in the title .	2	3	VBZ	holds	hold
italian NN in NNS and NNS , in whom NNP recognizes NNP .	1	10	VBZ	recognizes	recognize
one difficulty that the NNS have is cash flow .	4	5	VBP	have	has
his later works , especially his novel NNP NNP ( 1961 ) , are RB JJ .	2	13	VBP	are	is
his song `` sweet victory '' is most famous for being sung at the end of the NNP NNP episode band NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
another method is VBG the NN RB ( c section ) which allows the females to continue producing NN but this method is very JJ and JJ for the fish and is illegal in some countries .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
the brand is more JJ than its canadian NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS reveal god to us , but they are not god himself .	0	1	VBP	reveal	reveals
their site looks cool , but wikipedia is not a place to VB or VB , and NNP and i talked to them about this .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look
the documentary portion of the film follows tim alexander as he goes around getting feedback , opinions and commentary from JJ african-american men and women in various cities across the united states about the challenges they deal with in their marriages and dating relationships .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow
NNP demands to know where jack is ; only hearing that jack is dead .	9	12	VBZ	is	are
her wikimedia career reflects the organization 's continuing evolution , using often JJ and JJ staff , into a gradually more professional institution with the appointment of sue gardner as executive director .	2	3	VBZ	reflects	reflect
most NNS attribute properties to their subjects , but the NN theory VBZ that the NN is true does so .	11	12	VBZ	denies	deny
the primary NNS of the building face the east toward NNP street and north toward third street .	2	6	VBP	face	faces
i suspect the problem gets even more complicated .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get
this type of NNP experiment is best known by its NN , NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some people think that we arrived at the idea of gods from the remarkable things that happen in the world .	1	2	VBP	think	thinks
the other games listed in that section are via external links and should be deleted or turned into articles .	2	7	VBP	are	is
thus the process of inclusion within the list is by no means trivial .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
executives learn in leadership development teams ( NNP ) which are smaller discussion and peer NN groups that include guidance from a professional NN .	0	1	VBP	learn	learns
different classes who can use the same weapons attack differently with them .	1	8	VBP	attack	attacks
the colony is JJ , but a group of NNP arrives on the scene , defending the survivors .	7	10	VBZ	arrives	arrive
a free NN group is not absolutely required in the NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's recent albums are mostly NNS of works for children 's NNS .	3	4	VBP	are	is
no other criminal or civil NNS are under the jurisdiction of the NNP courts , which have a similar hierarchy to the civil courts .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this person probably experiences a lot of discrimination in real life .	1	3	VBZ	experiences	experience
in the JJ version of billion dollar brain the hero uses an x-ray machine in NNP ' shoe department to examine the contents of a sealed package .	9	10	VBZ	uses	use
this designation also leads to confusion with the other , more famous , 3rd arkansas , commanded by NNP albert c .	1	3	VBZ	leads	lead
NNS think that is inaccurate and that mainstream NNS actually require cardinal utility .	8	10	VBP	require	requires
NNS come in 12 gauge and i used to play around with a CD .	0	1	VBP	come	comes
some population is also present in urban and rural areas of NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP inc page has an error in between NNP and NNP !	3	4	VBZ	has	have
that is , the risk of difference between the actual return and the expected return ( when the actual return is less ) , or the uncertainty of that return .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
volume 4 features an `` east v .	0	2	VBZ	features	feature
the scene suddenly changes , seeing NNP ' allen alone in the same NN , this time with a man with whom she dances around the central NN unit , while the bridge to the song is coming to an end .	1	3	VBZ	changes	change
the lawsuit filed on NNP 's behalf says police held him for longer than the 14 days the law allows , from february 13 , 2007 to february 27 , 2007 , in addition to VBG him to abusive NN techniques , and not letting him VB legal advice .	1	7	VBZ	says	say
the statue is a designated an important cultural property .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these days female helicopter pilots are rather JJ but there may have been some media attention given to her at the time , so searching various new york newspaper archives might be JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is
articles still need to be accessible to all , even if this is only in the lead and few few sections .	0	2	VBP	need	needs
NNP is a constituency whose borders are the same as NNP province in bulgaria .	5	6	VBP	are	is
delete the external links are to myspace and his own website .	3	4	VBP	are	is
when you do n't , some doubts come , but the NN is we were in that game at the end .	6	7	VBP	come	comes
the scene then becomes that of the boy , two different women in similar NNS as the first , and an older man , who seems to be VBG them , or making an agreement .	1	3	VBZ	becomes	become
other cars have a proximity system that is triggered if a NN NN ( advanced key or JJ ) is within a certain distance of the car .	1	2	VBP	have	has
the center piece of this project is NNP NNP , the worlds second after NNP NN of queensland .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the other distinct NNP design is that of the NNP controller , which had VBG eyes , a transparent NN revealing the brain , and NNS on its chest plate providing NNS to other systems .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
unlike most VBN japanese words and names , NNP NNP 's name uses the NNP NN form .	11	12	VBZ	uses	use
authorities disagree on whether instruments in this category are properly called `` NN '' , but they 're included here for NN .	0	1	VBP	disagree	disagrees
keep , while JJ sources are acceptable in the event of a lack of english sources there appear to be plenty of english sources .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the president of the NNP is NNP NNP NNP , who is of roma ethnicity .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
some NN NNS call for different NNS .	2	3	VBP	call	calls
the anthony NNP structure , the angel of the north ( the largest free standing sculpture in the united kingdom ) is within NNP .	3	21	VBZ	is	are
the easier and faster route to NNP rock is actually following NNP 105 to NNP ( us CD truck route gives it away at intersection ) ; if you feel JJ , then stay on us CD for a very exciting drive of JJ curves and elevation changes .	19	20	VBZ	gives	give
the NNP gene provides instructions for making several different versions , known as NNS , of the NN VBG enzyme .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide
this improvement in the NN 's private property is an important NN of this program , both for the individual families and for the larger goal of community development .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
while the land act is a crucial step towards NN of land ownership in post-war angola , some problems such as competing land claims , land NN and the JJ status of JJ land tenure NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
probably the most RB used definition is clinical , and can be found in the mcdonald criteria proposal .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the external links now have descriptions .	2	4	VBP	have	has
NNP is a village in NNP district of NNP province , turkey , where the capital city of NNP district is actually a part of greater NNP .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
one practical solution would be to redirect to list of JJ americans and add a NN saying that every american not on that list should be considered JJ ; another would be to accept that the inclusion criterion is far too vague and delete .	37	38	VBZ	is	are
the film is the third drama in director NNP NNP 's trilogy , which included NNP about the soviet union 's vladimir NNP and NNP about nazi germany 's adolf hitler .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the structure is JJ and assumes different NN forms based on the viewer 's orientation .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP in tibetan , as in sanskrit VB the CD or NN of a flower ' , corresponding to NNP NNP , whose root POS ' ( hair ) is JJ .	23	29	VBZ	is	are
body surface color is to be lighter than the point color to give the proper contrast .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP go station offers public rail transit on an JJ axis .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
as students work together in a group setting , each member discusses their individual thoughts about the concepts .	1	2	VBP	work	works
my name is NNP ( the username NNP was taken so i took the more JJ VBG name of lord NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the water flows through a series of streams and pools until reaching the falls where it drops 150 feet into the canyon below .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
innovations of NNP include using a JJ color NN a VBN and VBN version of the box plot .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
NNS release show took place at mad planet ( milwaukee , NNP ) with engine down and these arms are snakes , september 18 , 2004 .	0	1	VBP	release	releases
the NNP ) and national acts come to perform and family fun center .	5	6	VBP	come	comes
because the sale of honours is a criminal offence , RB claiming that a living individual has committed a crime when you are aware that they did not is itself a criminal offence .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the isbn system for RB identifying books provides a typical example of the use of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	provides	provide
its current president is jonathan NNP , who succeeded NNP cox in 2006 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
its administrative seat and largest town is NNP , which lies east of the regional capital NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the oldest centre in the community is , however , not the NN centre , but rather NNP , which had its first documentary mention in CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP claims the second revert is not a revert , but it is a clear partial revert of this edit , and his summary even makes it clear he is VBG the actions of another editor .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a sample of a design that was deemed too expensive to NN ; his appearance is somewhat different from that of the others .	1	15	VBZ	is	are
the specific environment as well as planning on the part of the individual NN out the space is what leads to specific choices in NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the famous portrait , `` american woman and her political peers '' , commissioned by NNP NNP in 1893 , features frances NNP at the center , surrounded by a NN , american indian , JJ , and an NN .	2	20	VBZ	features	feature
the body of the egyptian NN is JJ and NN with a long tail .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the discovery of NN remains , iron NN sites , and a clay brick monument dating back to 110 ad in NNP valley , shows that a maritime trading route with south indian tamil kingdoms was already established since the 2nd century ad .	1	4	VBZ	remains	remain
the NNP region contains approximately a half million NNS of NN forests , but is best known as being part of the VBG grounds of the monarch butterfly .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain
the remaining southern half of the old NNP township is now south NNPS in NNP county .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
in the sphere of the roman empire , early christian graves lack grave goods , and grave goods tend to VB with the decline of NNP NN in the 5th and 6th centuries .	17	18	VBP	tend	tends
at the beginning of each age , NNP NNP VBZ the NNP NN ( or `` NNP NNP '' ) , the NNS of the magic NNP , to his students ( who are lesser NNS ) , who in turn NN NN in the teachings of the NNP .	22	33	VBP	are	is
this last feature is RB persistent in the later NNS , but otherwise these are flat in profile .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
today , the firm operates as a subsidiary of NNP s .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate
store ( growing rural art in NNP ) , a JJ rural arts centre with a regular schedule of exhibitions , performances and workshops by visiting , local and indigenous emerging and established creative artists .	12	13	VBP	centre	centres
the game runs in the NNP graphics engine .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the JJ press edition of the NN features ten internal paintings and cover art by NNP workshop artist christian NNP .	3	7	VBZ	features	feature
winter NNS often ride on frozen lake or pond surfaces .	1	3	VBP	ride	rides
this story starts with NNP alone in the highlands of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the fort at NNP NN belongs to 17th century was built on the banks of the NNP river .	1	5	VBZ	belongs	belong
long beach has a percent for art program administered through the arts council of long beach and the NNP agency which VBZ that new private developments contribute to the arts fund or commission NNS for their new projects .	25	26	VBP	contribute	contributes
many clients provide their own NN language , sometimes in addition to another VBG language .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
however , her theories are far different than the normal scientific definition .	3	4	VBP	are	is
various industries are JJ and the nation is solid .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the city manager is NNP b .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNS on NN NN break down in every possible way .	1	5	VBP	break	breaks
players are able to VB a JJ pattern for their weapons , depicting the iconic green background with purple questions VBN around it .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the positive project suggested by NNP is a collective one , VBN in the experiences of people who work for a wage or are specifically denied the capacity to work for a wage ; this project can only be undertaken by those people themselves .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
when the JJ acid is released as these groups break off , the JJ environment helps to break the links between units , VBG the NN chains and leading to NN .	8	9	VBP	break	breaks
despite the french government 's `` single language '' policy , local JJ dialects independently survive in the region 's northern part .	13	15	VBP	survive	survives
from 1996 the church hosts `` VBN '' , the last installation of dan NNP .	3	4	VBZ	hosts	host
volume NNP ( 1973 ) is on the study , teaching and writing of history .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
article is about an event that will not occur until next year .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
NNS include JJ NNS , a NN , a utility belt with NNS on either side , and two NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the second diagram shows a machine with no NN NN , but instead , a constant voltage is connected to the NN NNS .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
the NN NN , NNP NN , is a NN NN , the only species in the genus NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
a special branch of the program is the NNP designer , which allows design of integrated circuits .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
much emphasis is placed upon the importance of built space for VBG social practices ; the relationship between the built landscape and the social world is JJ , with both VBG the other .	16	25	VBZ	is	are
its behavior is similar to that of other subspecies of NN deer .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this link seems to be dead .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
arctic coastal communities do not presently have the infrastructure necessary to properly deal with their waste , this could lead to greater pollution in the future as these communities continue to grow in size .	28	29	VBP	continue	continues
while the article needs work , with over CD hits on google ( after removing wikipedia , NN .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
for example , if an entry only gets hits of 1 on all days the bars will be equal in length .	5	7	VBZ	gets	get
in the wild probably the most important NN enemy of NNP NN is an interesting NN NN , a member of the NNP , NNP NN .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
the shooting line is typically the top of the key , but can be moved to the NN line for younger players .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNS occur in leaf NNS , each a JJ cluster of many flowers .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs
some scientists also make assumptions that the salt waters of the NNP sea can fall into the canal .	1	3	VBP	make	makes
everybody who edits on wikipedia makes mistakes - and because wikipedia is a [ [ wiki ] ] most mistakes are easy to fix .	19	20	VBP	are	is
in his episode , his story takes place during the years of the NN , where he is the leader of the NNP NNP clan .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
crashes take time and make it more difficult for the player to reach the check point .	0	1	VBP	take	takes
a tree pattern describes a part of a tree by starting with a node and VBG some branches and nodes and leaving some JJ with a variable or JJ pattern .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe
in the caribbean , some cultures consider the eggs to be VBN .	5	6	VBP	consider	considers
the not policy is there to help editors keep into perspective what we are trying to VB at wikipedia and what we are not trying to VB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
elements 57 to 71 belong to the NNS , while 89 to 103 are the NNS .	0	13	VBP	are	is
the discussion is simply a forum for the community to express its consensus over whether a bot should continue to run in the project .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to NNP NNP , the universe has a JJ NN at the end of time that increases NN , which would eventually reach a NN of infinite complexity in 2012 , at which point anything and everything NN would occur simultaneously .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
return to NNP '' is the sixth episode of the first season of the american television drama series NNP , which first aired on november 5 , 2006 on NNP in the united states .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the main competitors are NNS of JJ databases such as NNP from ibm , NNP from NNP , NNP from microsoft , NNP , NNP , and NNP 's NNP solutions NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the camp holds a `` NN '' program including JJ exercise and stress reduction programs .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
in NNP and later versions under certain conditions , the state also represents the value of the last bit or the entire sequence .	10	12	VBZ	represents	represent
it is their third greatest hits album , released on 1 november 2010 by their long-time label NNP .	5	6	VBP	album	album
an example in english is JJ , and an exception is NN , which is gaelic , not greek .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
option 1 has the advantages of NNP and that that is largely what these two camps have traditionally named themselves ( at least in the u .	0	2	VBZ	has	have
you swing , and the ball finds a hole .	5	6	VBZ	finds	find
the political dispute has yet to be resolved and the south JJ NN authorities VBP the region with effective independence from NNP .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
seven members are catholic church NNS , with four of these schools being jesuit institutions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
viewed through the JJ lens of russell 's knowledge by description , the story VBZ the interesting concept of knowledge of self by description ( as opposed to the more expected knowledge by NN ) .	13	14	VBZ	explores	explore
the group manages to force the elevator doors shut just before a gas explosion set off by the falling elevator reaches them .	13	20	VBZ	reaches	reach
editor john carter also posted a thread regarding rs here , although responses there consist entirely of those made by myself and the two involved editors who have already posted statements above .	12	14	VBP	consist	consists
a story in new york world reveals that the JJ german government had purchased excess NN from thomas NNP that could be used to make explosives for the war effort and VBD it to NNP for JJ production .	1	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal
delete with only one album to be released in the future and with the links to some JJ files of his music embedded in the text , this has all NNS of vanity and advertising .	0	28	VBZ	has	have
NN and other pages if my information is to be deleted .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
most experts give this strategy a low probability for success , which will certainly damage NNP 's presidential NNS , if his idea turns out to be a failure .	22	23	VBZ	turns	turn
wp articles can not be held JJ for problems in VBG referenced articles when these are presented in conventional forms , and when quite simple means are available for direct access to the articles of interest .	25	26	VBP	are	is
a parody of the NNP NNP , the NNP NNP is a JJ ghost from the revolutionary war who VBZ beyond the old NNP .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
these three clusters contain a total of 200 JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains
it has been observed that patients with NNS are not JJ to VB surgery .	5	8	VBP	are	is
the book , published by seal press in 2007 , features essays and poetry from poets such as patricia smith , NNP NNP , sarah jones , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , lynn NNP and michelle tea , among others .	1	10	VBZ	features	feature
members of this extensive class include the NN and NN NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes
he directly asks the NN where the NN NN is .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
RB deleting userspace material of inactive editors just makes them feel VBN when they return .	3	8	VBZ	makes	make
that way all this unreferenced stuff stays in one place and the author article is the right place .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the primary role of the network is to research and NN tools for NNS and to engage in the policy making process .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the gardens contain one of NNP i 's best NN collections , with nearly a hundred species from africa , china , north and central america , and australia .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains
in both films the action begin with evidence of NN in a new york NN , which the character played by NNP begins to investigate , leading to his journey to a tropical island where most of the story takes place .	18	22	VBZ	begins	begin
craig has to track him down before the gang gets to him .	8	9	VBZ	gets	get
these other sites exist and are very JJ for muslims and many regard them as the most important behind the JJ NNP ( and NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists
this part at least is properly JJ and JJ .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
he invented a method of JJ NNP printing , he recorded books for the blind , made speeches , VBD NNS and helped blind people find jobs .	24	25	VBP	find	finds
his last act is to blow three times into the horn , which VBZ the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
her father VBZ a trap for jeff using the JJ NNP .	1	2	VBZ	lays	lay
clients range from individuals to larger businesses , both locally and internationally .	0	1	VBP	range	ranges
JJ memory includes JJ memory , which influences our everyday NNS , such as riding a bike or NN shoes .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
despite these wide NNS , NN NN are JJ to low oxygen levels and are often the first species to VB when JJ habitats begin to dry up .	23	24	VBP	begin	begins
however , the address listed on a patent application is probably very unreliable in this regard .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
for all men believe in their hearts that NN is far more JJ to the individual than justice , and he who argues as i have been VBG , will say that they are right .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the band consists of three members , r .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
an NN graph is an JJ graph that connects pairs of elements that are not comparable to each other in a partial order .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his former estate is now the site of the city hall in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
source description contains only creation date .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
another possibility is ownership in trust instead of direct ownership .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the lengths of the common NN and internal JJ NNS bear an JJ proportion to each other , the internal NN NN being long when the common NN is short , and vice NN .	1	10	VBP	bear	bears
it deals with city based news however the NNP and NNP editions have news related to their respective cities .	11	12	VBP	have	has
festivals of these temples are very famous .	0	4	VBP	are	is
note however that this use is rather modern and often found only in part of spain whereas the use of NN , la , los , las is considered more traditional .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the end of his first stint in the memphis territory came a week later with his defeat by NNP lee in a `` NN leaves town '' match .	23	24	VBZ	leaves	leave
those , not lists of cases involving famous people , are the sort of lists that we as editors should be constructing for readers .	3	10	VBP	are	is
NNP 's residents represent diverse cultural backgrounds , partly due to the NN background , and proximity to major manufacturing and transport NNS , with melbourne airport only being from the township .	2	3	VBP	represent	represents
a screen of the NNS that the NNP NN snail produces under stress , to find if it possesses JJ properties , has VBN JJ properties .	1	10	VBZ	produces	produce
the area is now the protected habitat for the endangered el NNP blue butterfly .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the climate of the city is hot and dry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
iron production from the west and north NNS of sherman mine came from this JJ iron formation unit while JJ iron formations at the south and east NNS VBP the turtle lake formation .	21	28	VBP	compose	composes
when the tide is low , at the west end of the beach are still visible the remains of NNP island , the oldest artificial island in the country and the harbor that served both NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
some sentences look almost copy and VBN from content in the article .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
i think the article meets basic notability criteria .	3	4	VBZ	meets	meet
like other NNS , all colors and patterns are acceptable , although NNS , reds and NNS are well represented reflecting their origins .	5	8	VBP	are	is
NN meadows have high biological NN and are rich , JJ habitats .	1	2	VBP	have	has
JJ breast cancer has a less favorable NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the show comes to an JJ end when NNP NNP and NNP enter , wearing NNS and carrying ray guns .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
it is mainly found in the NN of NN primary and secondary forests , however populations are likely to be declining owing to habitat loss .	15	16	VBP	are	is
man sees not what VBZ him .	0	1	VBZ	sees	see
in it , NNP argues ( among other things ) that the foundations of NNS lie with NN , not reason .	12	15	VBP	lie	lie
the sight is also available on the civilian market and is employed by various law enforcement organizations ( especially for NNP type situations that involve close quarters work ) and by recreational NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS was a population of ancient NNP whose location is unknown , but it could be located near the cave of NNP and NNP , in NNP ( algeria ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the only way to travel between NNS is via invisible NNS which RB transport individuals or groups from one zone to another .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the article has three reference because only one editor has had time to add any other links .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the level of primary and secondary education has improved since 1949 , but facilities for higher education remain somewhat inadequate .	13	17	VBP	remain	remains
a variation on this appears in the russian author NNP NNP 's story called `` the NNP frog '' ( CD ) , which was adapted into a cartoon in 1965 .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear
river is the new forward of team NNP NNP and a rival to NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
however , fresh water is an important NN in the middle east , and large amounts of NN will likely have to be VBN in via NNS that have yet to be built .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the price of mutual funds is usually set only once per day , so JJ prices are not applicable .	15	16	VBP	are	is
les NNPS , you care about the quality , why do n't you care about your cbs records with all the NN my JJ daughter VBZ to and they use this word POS ' back and forth and they VBD women all the time .	24	25	VBZ	listens	listen
colonial pipeline 's owners include NNP industries ( aka NNP capital investments company llc , 28 .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
for all its NN NN , the sculpture has a personal significance for NNP himself .	7	8	VBZ	has	have
the german government considers the NNP organization a commercial enterprise with a history of taking advantage of vulnerable individuals and an extreme NN of any criticism .	2	3	VBZ	considers	consider
the role of an admin reviewing NNS is to VB out the incorrect NNS , not to add to them .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
sex is not a sin in marriage , because sex is the only way for humans to VB .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
your NN above is highly inappropriate .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
legend has it that robert had JJ dreams in the days before NNP ' fatal hunting expedition , which VBD but did not prevent the NN .	0	1	VBZ	has	have
the wikipedia article is from 2005 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the highest point is south park hill , elevation , located in the southern part of the county .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
cleanup NNS have over the last few years only got longer two year NNS are starting to appear .	1	2	VBP	have	has
all subsequent NN versions have the 2 .	3	4	VBP	have	has
this JJ type system VBZ all significant aspects of the underlying type system , while adding features particular to the NN .	3	4	VBZ	preserves	preserve
and , of course , the article is an autobiography .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this last line , usually omitted on radio play , is itself a sample from NNP NNP 's 1950s `` recreation '' of a supposed NN NN by 1920s children 's radio presenter , `` uncle don '' .	2	10	VBZ	is	are
in addition , the online play section includes all the NNP 3 ' NN maps as well 10 new NN maps for combined assault .	6	7	VBZ	includes	include
the future is in the creation of a NN , or a cell which has all the minimum requirements for life .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
if an issue is already under discussion or was recently discussed , people may take offense if you VBP ignore the discussion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
when the body is found , the face is VBN by its bloody wound ; the NN in antonio 's clothing leads people to believe that the prince has been murdered .	16	21	VBZ	leads	lead
as of now the article relies on an external link from a primary source and VBZ details about the game .	4	5	VBZ	relies	rely
the village boys see a NN , yu chen ( NNP NNP ) , and they believe she is the one who caused his injury , so they raise an alarm and pursue her .	2	3	VBP	see	sees
veteran NNS and new NNS like johnny de leon , rod NNP , NNP de castro and vic NNP are some the NNS of the station .	1	19	VBP	are	is
delete bare minimum requirement for notability is multiple published sources .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the mighty NNP is a body slide in which riders go down without a NN .	9	10	VBP	go	goes
NNP program graduates go directly to college after high school .	1	2	VBZ	graduates	graduate
other procedures used for diagnosis include growth NN disc tests ( NNP ) , direct and indirect NN NN tests , complement NN tests ( NNP ) , indirect NN test ( NNP ) , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
the second application of space NN currently in use is NNP or global NNP system .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the fact that both sides claim a form of JJ history alone suggests this topic has merit .	14	15	VBZ	has	have
JJ NNS are generally short and deep .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in VBN corn , NN NNS in the NN layer give the NNS a dark , JJ color .	5	10	VBP	give	gives
the information is good though , merging could be done just by adding a new header to JJ languages .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
administrators , just like editors , are first and foremost people .	0	6	VBP	are	is
the greatest number of species occurs in colombia , venezuela and new guinea .	2	5	VBZ	occurs	occur
JJ migration is ( NN ) cellular migration in which the cells VBP in close NN to JJ NNS as opposed to chain migration ( NN ) when the cells VBP in close contact to each other without using a JJ or JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the gift of tennis balls also appears in shakespeare 's henry v ; the play and other versions of the story refer to a NN of tennis balls .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
performers perform at various venues in the city .	0	1	VBP	perform	performs
students from throughout the intelligence community attend the college , and they include active duty and reserve military personnel from each of the services ( including the coast guard ) , NNP , and other federal civilian employees .	0	6	VBP	attend	attends
this work consists of an introduction and 52 brief sections on various greek NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
if your order is successful , the NN will begin to count down .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and that means the improvement is clear to anyone who looks at it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
direct trains north to london still run , but trains running south now VBP at NNP .	9	13	VBP	terminate	terminates
most forms of NN , including social NN , NN , NNS , and narrative approaches , are instances of JJ NN .	1	17	VBP	are	is
JJ NNS about the face on mars and other JJ landmarks spotted by space NNS have meant that ancient NNS continue to be a popular theme in science fiction , especially in film .	19	20	VBP	continue	continues
the architecture of temple is an example of fine art of ancient time .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
such a NNP algebra consists of a set and operations on that set which can be shown to satisfy the laws of NNP algebra .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist
NN , captain NNP NNP 's JJ crew continues their NN of discovery through an JJ region of the delta NNP , VBG a system inhabited by a species that , according to known physical laws , should n't exist .	7	8	VBZ	continues	continue
the content is entirely promotional .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP charts look similar to swing charts and do not have a time axis .	1	2	VBP	look	looks
the committee considers material that provides evidence of high academic achievement and participation in extra JJ activities .	1	2	VBZ	considers	consider
this category is for executed senior military commanders , including NNS , generals , NNS and air NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP is JJ , but the two parties involved agree to let NNP fill in and VB him to make several favorable NNS .	7	9	VBP	agree	agrees
many critics have pointed out that the film is a hidden commentary on the mccarthy NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the school occupies almost the entire street block , and is surrounded by NNP road , palace street and NNP street .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the most significant is that the application can be certain that all its libraries are present and that they are the correct version .	13	14	VBP	are	is
it features a chinese tower in the centre , and a bridge from the tower provides the exit from the NN .	11	15	VBZ	provides	provide
to say his owner is famous is JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
i want to VB is that the same user that NN me , NNP , later he still do edition war ( the first diff i provided is later of my warning ) .	8	27	VBZ	is	are
list of elements by VBG point is now correct .	0	6	VBZ	is	are
for example the view of the NN mentioned in the guide for the NNP ( near the end of part one ) is similar to the matrix in that they VBP space and time and believed natural science to be directly dependent on god .	3	22	VBZ	is	are
the homes have water NNS and access to underground water for their animals .	1	2	VBP	have	has
no members of the NNP family have their own wp articles at this moment .	1	6	VBP	have	has
the film starts with an imprisoned NNP ( NNP ) VBG his love for NNP ( NNP ) since childhood that becomes more intense as they grow .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
its name at its founding is st .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
both NNS are ancient and JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is
on the contrary , editors must stick to the most commonly used forms to make sure the readers feel at home .	17	18	VBP	feel	feels
when she runs out of money to power the lighthouse 's shield generator , NNP takes a photography job VBG all the animals on NNP .	12	15	VBZ	takes	take
the other party believes that `` [ t ] he presumed connection to the nobel peace prize for this year is clearly made in all the articles used to reference the NNP warfare ' section , '' and thus should remain in its entirety .	2	3	VBZ	believes	believe
collection administration of NNS describes the use of collective societies to manage licenses for copyrighted material belonging to more than one copyright owner .	1	4	VBZ	describes	describe
the order currently comprises 8 families , containing around 300 valid species .	1	3	VBZ	comprises	comprise
five people are just as capable of discussing two sides of an issue and VBG relevant arguments as are 100 ( in fact , with 100 people , discussions tend to become JJ ) .	26	29	VBP	tend	tends
the proposed remedy needs some NN -- the politicians VBN were not necessarily opposed to the groups concerned , but they were opposing another candidate believed by anonymous to be too friendly to these groups .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need
council for science and technology policy voted to allow scientists to conduct stem cell research for JJ purposes , though formal guidelines have yet to be released .	21	22	VBP	have	has
though the band is still active and continues to tour and release records , of the original NNS ( NNP , NNP , and NNP ) , only NNP remains in the band today .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the clue is in an audio file , which you can hear by going to the NNP horror nights website and doing the following .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
grace commented that `` i do not feel that our show is to blame for what happened to NNP NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
local municipalities hold unusual NNS , '' union city reporter , august 27 , 2006 .	1	2	VBP	hold	holds
all process models attribute their roots to the NN .	2	3	VBP	attribute	attributes
still , evidence for NNP is strictly JJ and based on the notion that if NNS must sleep to survive , they must do so via aerial NN as little time is spent sleeping in a nest .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the passenger spaces of the ship are JJ .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the player starts with up to four units and has access to reserves and off map support .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
JJ equation models are a form of statistical model in the form of a set of linear JJ equations .	2	3	VBP	are	is
nature already has some of the most efficient and powerful kinds of NNS .	0	2	VBZ	has	have
cars listed in the book are generally cars with a significantly higher speed than cars on the road .	0	5	VBP	are	is
bc suggests that they are at the same distance as NNP NNP , which could mean that the three stars form a triple star system .	19	20	VBP	form	forms
he now does bears post game coverage and commentary on NNP , fox chicago and appears weekly on fox chicago 's good day chicago .	8	15	VBZ	appears	appear
although an accurate signal strength meter can determine a JJ value for signal strength , in practice this portion of the NNP code is a JJ assessment , often made based on the s meter of the radio receiver at the location of signal reception .	18	23	VBZ	is	are
its most remarkable features are its JJ legs ( which are flat on the bottom ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the base of the stem is JJ and surrounded by JJ white NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the article strikes me as so seriously lacking in context that i could easily understand why other editors might find it JJ .	1	2	VBZ	strikes	strike
NNP NN ( green island ) is a small island connected to NNP by a short NN .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP published a long succession of fantasy novels , articles , and poems between 1889 and his death in 1915 , in which he insisted that the universe is far too rich and complex to be VBN by reason alone .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
the station is also one of six railway stations within NNP 's municipal borders .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
since the members of NNP are from all different political background one can not speak of a specific ideology other that of a JJ view on local problems .	2	5	VBP	are	is
this JJ animation has CD frames , and took approximately 2 hours to create .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
after NNP , the line passes through a former halt at mount .	4	5	VBZ	passes	pass
the current article has a load of irrelevant material which has no place in her article should it be judged to be JJ ( NNP i so hope not ) .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
however , they discover in season three that their true enemy is the NNP 's ruler , the source of all evil .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the towers of the cathedral are not the NNS , as they were destroyed in 1931 by an earthquake .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the role of doctrine is , however , quite different from that of the case law .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
for NNP , a success that does n't put NNS in the seats is no success at all .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
none of this is mere cafe NN or NN ; one of NNP 's achievements is to give a sense of strict accuracy ; his story is a JJ scenario , with characters offered like facts .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the mountain itself is one of several peaks on the NNP NNP plateau , a long plateau VBG north-east .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
aside from the NNP machines combining to form NNP v , the toy also transformed into NNP mode ( an alternate vehicle mode VBZ the robot VBD down JJ with the NNP NNP and NNP NNP 's wheels on the ground ) .	22	23	VBZ	wherein	wherein
its latest principal is alexander NNP who has been repeatedly VBN by the board to improve school relations , most likely in response to the growing and widely reported situation between the principal and one of moscow 's most infamous and notorious students .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
seriously , if a number of notable 20th and 21st century figures are willing to VB JJ convention in order to look like complete NNS , and reliable third-party sources pick up on this , then we have verifiability and NN rolled into one .	29	30	VBP	pick	picks
frog shells are active predators , and appear to feed on NN NNS ( NNP ) that they VBP with JJ NN through their JJ , RB VBD NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the orchestra also plays in opera productions in the cologne opera .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play
if the day before NNP falls on NNP , most authorities rule that the fast is set for the previous thursday , and this has become common practice .	2	5	VBZ	falls	fall
i 'm JJ -- on the one hand the material is nice and it is a potential avenue for use of copyrighted JJ use material on wp .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
this can be beneficial if JJ conversion is to be achieved simultaneously the NN and therefore channel switching can be considered .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
NN relationships between editors are encouraged and internal forums provide a vehicle for new editors to ask questions .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the construction of such models is due to NNP NNP ( 1934 ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
his goal is to make his work directly accessible to widely ranging NNS and audiences .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the evidence for this relationship between NNS and NNS derives from NNS of nuclear JJ rna genes , JJ JJ rna genes , and JJ genes .	1	9	VBZ	derives	derive
the sources given above seem to give a NN why the article has n't been expanded .	1	4	VBP	seem	seems
some JJ studies determine the NN NNS in the family NNP to be their closest living relatives , with both these families being JJ .	2	3	VBP	determine	determines
the content is substantially different from that reviewed by the previous afd , containing more content and numerous citations , so i do n't believe arguments to delete based on speedy deletion criterion NNP carry much weight .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these functions remain intact and JJ by the constitutional reform act .	1	2	VBP	remain	remains
a head of a native american is a recurring theme in the NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
it is a professional organisation whose purpose is the advancement of JJ science applied to life , health , property , NN , pension and similar risk NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
sock , now has one account , and we do not VB over concerns but over agreed disruption .	0	3	VBZ	has	have
NNP VBZ run on pov as JJ requires cites taking the content out of what the individual editor thinks into what others think and there is a record of .	17	18	VBZ	thinks	think
the exception is ms CD , which covers almost all of the old road ( us 78 was relocated onto a new freeway alignment throughout the entire state ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
players may name any room ( unlike a suggestion , where a player 's character NN must be in the room that the player suggests ) .	23	24	VBZ	suggests	suggest
another major influence on the field of cognitive science is NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the entrance to the pyramid is today flooded to a depth of 6 metres as a result of the waters from the NNP NN ( joseph 's canal ) canal , which flows around two sides of the site and passes within CD of the pyramid .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
almost every day , the image leaves to attend mass and to visit families , the sick and hospitals .	5	6	VBZ	leaves	leave
eventually , the slot machine takes his last dollar and breaks down .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take
next dimension VBZ upon the concept of the first two games by adding several new characters , JJ maps , and the option to play the story mode , which allows the player to fight a series of battles in between short movies that move the plot along .	1	2	VBZ	expands	expand
the standard ship 's company is JJ .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this film features NNP NNP , omar NNP , NNP , and NNP el NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the camps for climate action are campaign NNS ( similar to peace camps ) that take place to draw attention to , and act as a base for direct action against , major carbon NNS , as well as to develop ways to create a JJ society .	1	5	VBP	are	is
production on gravity continues to this day .	0	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the modern period ( as historians define it ) goes back to the 16th century ( including the early modern period ) .	5	6	VBP	define	defines
over 2 , 800 historic NNS are around the state and are maintained by the new york state museum .	5	6	VBP	are	is
when compared with common foods particularly high in certain NNS per 100 g fresh weight , VBD NN leaves are considerable sources of these same NNS .	18	19	VBP	are	is
he died in NNP , where his house , NNP , is now a museum , devoted to his life and work .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
a team leader is usually JJ to keep the team on track .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
traditionally , this would just be a run of the mill content dispute , but i 'm an admin , the standard dispute resolution techniques seem to be failing , and i 'm wondering if anyone has some suggestions on how to fix this .	24	25	VBP	seem	seems
the oral exam covers works studied throughout NN .	2	3	VBZ	covers	cover
this scheme however is JJ for business owners who maintain free internet connections as NN for customers .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the official title of the head of the church is `` patriarch NNP of the house of NNP for NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
i happen to believe that this article is inherently JJ for inclusion .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this category is for articles about the theory of NNP chains and processes , and associated processes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the symptoms and the treatment of an NN are largely the same as for the other NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is
in particular , these professional associations VBP their members from accepting compensation from educational institutions for student NNS .	5	6	VBP	prohibit	prohibits
keep this article is notable and has a potential of being expanded .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
places of detention , as defined by the convention , are all places in which people are held against their will .	0	10	VBP	are	is
the central organ of NNP ( c ) is the JJ era , an english RB published from kolkata .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the album , released two years later in 2010 , features a version of NNP 's fix you .	1	10	VBZ	features	feature
however , most states still permit `` JJ '' consumption of alcohol in some circumstances .	3	5	VBP	permit	permits
i would suggest stating something about how the picture is a screen shot of jessica in her role as NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
other NNS include NNS , NNS , NNS , NN NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , VBN NNS , JJ NNS , NN , allen 's swamp NNS , NNP NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the house features family possessions , a collection of the family 's art , works by other famous NN artists , and fine european and spanish colonial style NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the only thing that makes them JJ is the push sony did with them .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the russian NN metal band .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
medium format sheet film was produced for some cameras , but these cameras tend to be smaller , lighter , and easier to use than large format gear .	12	13	VBP	tend	tends
once the rays reach the eye , the eye traces them back as straight lines ( lines of sight ) .	2	3	VBP	reach	reaches
i feel this article is notable within the context of the NN NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the second diff purely involves an addition of text so it 's not immediately clear whether it is a revert .	2	4	VBZ	involves	involve
a NN game whereby any player making par after having been in a NN on the hole wins points or money .	2	17	VBZ	wins	win
the article already has the standard logo in the infobox , so this minor variation appears to violate JJ policies of non-free content .	14	15	VBZ	appears	appear
in his article entitled `` criticism and NNPS to the copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory , '' VBG the view of NNP that ( in NNP 's NN ) `` the wave function in configuration space VBZ the objective state of the electron .	32	36	VBZ	characterizes	characterize
fort supply , the four highways enter the city of NNP , the largest city within a JJ area and the commercial hub of northwest oklahoma .	5	6	VBP	enter	enters
NN refers to works set roughly during the stone age in which the characters utilize JJ NNP technology constructed from materials more or less consistent with the time period , but VBG JJ complexity and function .	13	14	VBP	utilize	utilizes
year of construction is in NNS .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
a wooden NN spans the whole terrace at JJ level .	2	3	VBZ	spans	span
strong keep but the list needs citations and should be moved to a proper title , i .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
death drop is a NN of sorts ; this course has various paths which have a huge impact on NN .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
this is because the financial responsibility for reasonable housing , food and other household expenses for the family , including the NN , falls entirely on the husband .	5	23	VBZ	falls	fall
of course , if the laws require this ( i really do not know ) , we would have to comply .	5	6	VBP	require	requires
fifth , a problem with an NN is that editors such as the first !	3	7	VBZ	is	are
life is good is the first country music album by american NNP music artist NNP .	0	1	VBZ	Is	Are
note how the german article makes no mentions of war crimes at all , and how the article here reduces NNP NNP to a war criminal .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make
town is located in NNP ranges and small hills are JJ .	8	9	VBP	are	is
it 's also completely unacceptable for him to be seeking to `` out '' other editors or to VB others to do the NN , especially on a forum whose users have a history of targeting and VBG wikipedians .	30	31	VBP	have	has
baltimore area is not inherently notable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the very last equation in the section NNP gives a NN between NN energy and equilibrium .	3	8	VBZ	gives	give
concrete forms appear at least since the article of court de NNP in the year CD .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears
the road continues RB as highland corporate drive , an JJ route that enters the highland industrial park .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue
usually , but not always , the `` release date '' also happens to be the date on which the publisher ships the game to NNS , resulting in an JJ date of between one and three days later .	9	12	VBZ	happens	happen
the note about NNP is spot on .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
experimental theatre is what it is , namely trying something new .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
bike messenger , computer engineer , JJ NN , and downtown resident ( yes , people do live downtown ) .	15	16	VBP	do	does
but this is also where its weak spot is as this firing spot is just above the NN of the suit itself .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
rather , music teachers need to resist the claims of excessive nationalism in order to ensure that these other interests are also served .	3	4	VBP	need	needs
the earliest mention of the NN appears in a religious work dated CD , but covers only the letters NNP .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear
however the orbit is highly JJ and its orientation in space with respect to us is such that the secondary eclipse occurs when the stars are at a larger distance than at primary eclipse .	24	25	VBP	are	is
i think ( b ) and ( c ) are okay when the image is clearly JJ .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the suspension has the longest travel on a car of this size ; if the NN is applied and reverse gear engaged , the rear NN will raise about one foot .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
relation des NNS et des NNS de la JJ maritime brief french account .	4	6	VBP	de	des
the issue is the entry with NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
withdrawn ; the article still needs work but is now in much better shape .	3	5	VBZ	needs	need
dispute resolution remains an option , but the talk page has been a bit JJ ( for detailed editing issues ) so far .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the valley VBZ about 20 km east from NNP and meetings NNP below NNP .	1	2	VBZ	stretches	stretch
services also reach the towns of NNP in the east , NNP in the north east , NNP in the south east and NNP in the west .	0	2	VBP	reach	reaches
opponents of the tax revolt argue that passing tax NNS via ballot measure leads to JJ policy making , in which voters are VBN to vote with the revolt by lower tax bills and without thinking about the budget problems caused by reduced NNS .	0	5	VBP	argue	argues
the action takes place during the early years of the second world war in the fictional town of bridge in south west england , which is run by an ancient hereditary organisation , the masters of bridge .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
NNP has been in user space for years , and the user is active .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
started in 1984 by students with head coach steve NNP , the crew is a member of the western NNP rowing association ( NNP ) , whose participants are mostly JJ schools on the west coast .	27	28	VBP	are	is
your link is from the irish google .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the end of the play involves NNP 's attempts to drag the NN away to VB it in the river .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
the purpose of preparing it is to create a common source to be used by all players within the scene .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the political use causes issues on several pages where it is either removed and inserted to make a political point .	2	3	VBZ	causes	cause
a NN named NNP leads the toys into the train , including NNP , a monkey , stretch , a basketball player , NNP , a NN , NNP NNP , a NN , NNP , an elephant , and NNP , a JJ bird .	1	4	VBZ	leads	lead
many NNS of the song sisters incorrectly attribute the performance to both lee and stevens , in fact both parts are sung by NNP using NN .	1	7	VBP	attribute	attributes
the overall part of the career section reads more like a lead , in fact it is more like a lead more than the one currently serving as the actual lead of the article .	2	7	VBZ	reads	read
NNP listeners ( who are known as `` red heads '' ) are JJ about classic rock and can be heard NN and at station events VBG `` red rocks '' as a tribute to their favorite station .	1	12	VBP	are	is
NNP 's main vice is pride ; however it is why she is VBN by all .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the first reference to the village , in CD , mentions one NNP , but a reference in CD mentions NNP and NNP , the latter village of west NNP being located about one mile to the north west .	2	10	VBZ	mentions	mention
people seem to be JJ and RB like us - they 're not saying , SYM - we do n't want that band to exist ' .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
the car has a dining room , an observation NN , one master bedroom , two additional NNS , two NNS with NNS , a section NN , crew quarters , and kitchen .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the station features a NN composed of NN as a work of public art entitled NNP NNS by the artist NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the spain national baseball team is the national team of spain .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's paper also gives an english form of the roman numbers .	2	4	VBZ	gives	give
the result of this process is the JJ album , grow up , set for release on september 11 , 2012 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
on the contrary , the statement is a NN , since it 's extremely difficult to argue that none of the CD active admins on the english wp lacks or has lacked NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
in the metro detroit area , it is so widespread throughout the region that many NNS have NNS for NN on NNP day .	15	16	VBP	have	has
this website titled `` tropical freshwater fish '' is a space that is currently in the developing stages .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the coordinates are for NNP , alabama though , about 600 miles away .	1	2	VBP	are	is
thus even `` derivative '' developments are important in the opinion of many people from NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
other stops are NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
my finnish wikipedia user page does , however , say i 'm `` .	4	5	VBZ	does	do
this book describes his weapon mode as a NNP .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe
great moments in aviation was written by NNP NNP , directed by NNP NNP and produced by NNP NNP , the same creative team who , in 1990 , adapted NNP 's novel NNS are not the only fruit for television .	33	34	VBP	Are	Is
the ferry route is situated south of the city of NNP , and the ferry VBZ a round trip by road of some by road via that city .	14	15	VBZ	avoids	avoid
the road is now in the valley of the river NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one consequence of this hypothesis is that if it holds true , we can introduce a VBG chart such that the metric NN contains no terms of form NN NN , NN NN , or VB NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the line sheet initially contains basic information about the particular loan in question , such as the original amount of the loan , the current balance , the monthly payment , etc .	2	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the knights themselves are indeed big ; according to the title sequence they are `` the height of two men , the weight of four , the strength of sixteen '' .	1	3	VBP	are	is
an article on NNP is good background for our coverage of what will be a vital race in this federal election .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's family owns the pittsburgh NNP city center hotel .	2	3	VBZ	owns	own
a military officer reporting illegal or possibly illegal activity to another military officer is wholly different from a company executive threatening to sue for critical information on the company article .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
but such a link goes to a redirect .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
the basic concept on which this approach VBZ is the idea that an important part of learning a language consists of being able to understand and produce JJ phrases as NNS .	6	7	VBZ	rests	rest
thought his beliefs are JJ , all these things are his true beliefs and can be seen at the flat earth societies current website .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this equation says that a tree consists of a single root and a set of ( JJ ) trees .	5	6	VBZ	consists	consist
the college belongs to a group of schools throughout australia known as christian education national created to partner with parents in providing an education that VBZ christian values and is based on a christian NN .	1	2	VBZ	belongs	belong
the NNP box giving promotes the spirit of contributing based on the intent to help others and not on the monetary amount .	2	4	VBZ	promotes	promote
it is VBN fact that your advertisement in NNP NNP is a unique source of promoting products and sponsorship would be a good source in image building .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
my understanding is that the NN is that if the subject had a problem with the content then he or she would seek remedy from the rs ; all wikipedia is doing to attribute x to the rs .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its seat is the town of NNP , which lies approximately north-west of NNP and north-west of the regional capital NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's normal position is as a NN , mainly due to his pace ( his CD personal best is 10 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
an NNP grid reference is a point reference system .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
saskatchewan in compensation for the loss of traditional hunting grounds when the governments established a weapons range there in 1953 .	15	16	VBP	range	ranges
opening line is ; `` 7 NNP NNP ( seven murders NNP ) is a 2011 indian black comedy directed , JJ and JJ by NNP NNP ( who also composed the film 's music , with lyrics by NNP ) '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are generally low and have not been revised in the last years .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in february 2013 , NNP entertainment officially announced that the compilation title is now due to be available for both the wii and wii u VBZ on august 13 , 2013 .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the magazine runs regular competitions in which VBG readers have a chance to win free NN equipment .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
heavier NN atoms have yet to be produced .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a neighbor dressed as santa stops by , bringing a NN , and two JJ police officers go door to door looking for NNP .	16	17	VBP	go	goes
the primary is a white NN , and the secondary may be itself a binary star within a large JJ disk .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NN should be interpreted narrowly , exactly as NNP NNS , and i VBP in the least assume the NN of new sources -- books keep getting published on game , new and not so new .	24	25	VBP	keep	keeps
business interests are likely to fall into this category , the authors VBP .	11	12	VBP	contend	contends
the sentence containing this phrase is JJ , and should be split .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
teachers in NNP use the school 's website to post NN , but also use other websites such as blogs for posting NN and other NNS .	0	3	VBP	use	uses
hi , i noticed that this important recent decision was linked on several wikipedia pages , but no article exists as yet .	18	19	VBZ	exists	exist
other variations include `` duration '' and `` NN '' .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the game ends after the battle at bright peak .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
the mission of the NNP is to provide NN , guidance , and analysis products and services to support the daily public NN activities of the NNP and its customers , and to provide JJ support to other government agencies in emergency and special situations .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
while memorial services in memorial NNP are common , the NN has also hosted the NNS of many famous americans .	2	6	VBP	are	is
i know it was 3 , CD almost constantly for over a year without having to add any salt , and like you said the only problem i have ever had is the ph slowly goes up and i just add a little acid every weekend .	26	31	VBZ	is	are
personal observations are VBN as original research , although the observations made in published sources are often okay .	10	15	VBP	are	is
recent research suggests the name combines words meaning `` in JJ motion , VBG '' and `` flowing '' or `` NN '' .	4	5	VBZ	combines	combine
complex numbers are the NN of thousands of years of mathematical development , and support a rich , full theory of numbers .	1	2	VBP	are	is
it also means that as a city dominated by government NNS , much of its architecture tends to be JJ and functional .	6	16	VBZ	tends	tend
he was buried in an JJ grave , and his burial site remains unknown .	11	12	VBZ	remains	remain
in accordance with the general principle of a NN , it is an act of the will and an authentic promise in which the reason for the NN is NN .	24	28	VBZ	is	are
NNP engineers use their knowledge of statistics including VBG theory , the nature of traffic , their practical models , their measurements and NNS to make NNS and to plan NN networks such as a telephone network or the internet .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
the balance between action and story was also RB noted ; powers said that the first two sequences of the opening issue `` RB capture the spirit of the game '' .	17	24	VBP	capture	captures
directors ' decisions are typically protected under the business judgment rule , unless they breach one of these duties or unless the decision constitutes waste .	22	23	VBZ	constitutes	constitute
along with the public houses , the village also has a chinese NN and a fish and chip shop .	7	9	VBZ	has	have
as of the 2010 census , the population of the community is 5 , CD .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the characters are JJ NNP ( VB NN ) , which would translate to `` ace NNP '' .	1	2	VBP	are	is
preliminary research concerning the JJ functioning of the nervous system suggests that this speculation may have some support .	1	10	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the exact reason it was turned down remains in speculation .	2	7	VBZ	remains	remain
the games are part of the pokémon series of JJ video games , and were developed by game NNP and published by nintendo for the nintendo NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main objectives of NNS are to promote and defend consumer interests , solve their problems and help them exercise their fundamental rights ( freedom of choice , access to information , education and justice , and right to health , safety and a healthy environment ) .	2	5	VBP	are	is
illness begins with JJ symptoms followed by JJ NN and NN .	0	1	VBZ	begins	begin
the NNP centre is also widely known for the 1993 NN of NN james NNP , who was later found murdered on a railway line .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
maria NNP and NNP gardner , `` NN opening concert VBZ art of the possible '' , usa today , january 19 , 2008 .	9	10	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate
WRB competition rules differ in various ways from the traditional rules of the english NN dancing world as developed by the NNP ( official board of NNP dancing , now the NNP dancing council ) .	2	3	VBP	differ	differs
VBG ip usage is the only thing that will VB all these pressures .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
oh , and fifa seem to think her international goals are worth noting too .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this temple makes NNP a place of great religious importance to the NNP , as NNP or NNP , the NNP of the lord shiva , is VBN here .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
breed clubs often make other requirements for health testing or work testing , but these are not covered in the breed standard itself .	1	3	VBP	make	makes
some angles of attack and some strikes have characteristic names .	1	7	VBP	have	has
as a JJ function the NN is the seventh scale degree of any JJ scale when the distance between it and the NN is a single NN .	17	23	VBZ	is	are
this type of acquisition is common in the technology industry .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
i think the case is strong without it .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the tail is kept natural , and is not to be VBN or cut .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the ability of the NN to support such a large NN is dependent on the health of its root system and storage of NNS .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
NNP ranking of 1 , CD , CD , but the article is on the show , not the site .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP VBZ that for people of a fairly strong character this need extends to a requirement to take a leadership role for at least part of their lives , and that a NN community life will provide sufficient opportunities for all to have their turn commanding others .	11	12	VBZ	extends	extend
the modern world , in which NN has been replaced by what NNP calls NN , has at its core a conflict between JJ corporations and the government of the united states .	2	16	VBZ	has	have
the school grounds include a memorial garden , a running track , NNS , VBD NNS and the martin luther king jr .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
in the second stage , JJ stage , the patient is JJ of walking without support , suffers VBP ( loss of muscle coordination ) and severe NNS .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
our article suggests that he was actively writing code for microsoft products until around 1989 .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest
testimony suggests that events VBD similarly at the six plants .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
students have the opportunity to take many courses that can help them gain not only NNS , but college credit at NNP community college .	0	1	VBP	have	has
genres that have been associated with NNP are JJ metal , progressive metal , VB metal and NN .	0	7	VBP	are	is
some people prefer simple easy listening music .	1	2	VBP	prefer	prefers
article suggests surprising subject matter for civil engineers .	0	1	VBZ	suggests	suggest
his feast day is 13 january .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the dispute VBZ around the existence and content of articles on NN in general , and around the NN of certain sources and the alleged conflicts of interest of certain editors in particular .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
the street runs east of , and parallel to , atlanta 's downtown NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the special powers of the NNP children give the game a definite NN NN .	2	7	VBP	give	gives
the NN NN football team of any sort is the high school football team of NNP high school .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's vocals span from NNP to NNP .	2	3	VBP	span	spans
NNS already exist at eleven NNS throughout the city limits , but traffic is often VBN at the many NNS still using traffic lights .	0	2	VBP	exist	exists
NN is called NN in indonesia , indonesian dishes such as , JJ NN , NN NN , NN , NN and some NNS , are often add NNS of NN as ingredients .	8	25	VBP	are	is
such people who are agents of violence include the feared george NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes
the server was owned by the NNP des sciences NNP , NNP , the group is most widely known for the september 7 , 1999 NN of ( the us embassy in china 's website ) , in regards to the 1998 u .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the user seems to be using wp as a platform for a NN against gay folks .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
NN was his usual perfect self - he always finishes his drums tracks well ahead of schedule .	11	12	VBZ	tracks	track
NNP is a sport in which the goal is to increase muscle size and definition .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
this is JJ use very different from the use the copyright holder makes of the image .	11	12	VBZ	makes	make
NNS of the species usually seek shelter and safety from predators within clusters of VBG NN .	0	5	VBP	seek	seeks
the sources are not in question .	1	2	VBP	are	is
meanwhile the NNS , or NNS , usually have a plan to kill or VB the NNS in return for money .	2	8	VBP	have	has
her voice is that of a NN soprano .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in most of these cases your reference has more characters than the body of the article itself .	6	7	VBZ	has	have
i think not paper is much more relevant .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's domestic work with political prisoners provides support for legal representation and assistance to activists in china .	3	7	VBZ	provides	provide
new award categories in 2010 include latin artist of the year and new latin artist of the year .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
on railway lines where rolling stock always points the same way , the mechanical hook may be provided only on one end of each wagon .	5	7	VBZ	points	point
local business NNS include the eagle 's nest resort , the blue max , and NNP NNP NNP and tackle .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the forum they 're advertising has 11 members .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
an international relief operation begins after cyclone NNP strikes burma , with at least 63 , 500 people reported killed or missing .	3	4	VBZ	begins	begin
another public beach is at the site of the NNP sunset beach hotel about two kilometers north of downtown .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
women are three times more likely to get it than men .	0	1	VBP	are	is
other scholars like kenneth NNP and NNP NNP hold similar views .	1	8	VBP	hold	holds
seek and speak your truth - as executive staff at facebook , the author says that she along with others tried to make facebook a JJ organization where everyone is free to speak their thoughts and criticism .	13	14	VBZ	says	say
the NN spans the otherwise JJ cliff wall above the river NNP .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span
the JJ threat against family members , however , makes me think that the person should be permanently banned .	2	9	VBZ	makes	make
i think all my mainspace contributions are my best .	5	6	VBP	are	is
in an ordinary year , most of the famous car makers , parts makers and NNS bring their latest NNS to the exhibit .	13	16	VBP	bring	brings
the book is out of print and not widely available .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
massacre in korea is a 1951 JJ painting by pablo NNP which is seen as a criticism of american intervention in the korean war .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
however , his critics claim that his own approach has hidden assumptions as well , and that these assumptions VBP the RB JJ reality of human action .	18	19	VBP	contradict	contradicts
a small museum , the NNP nature center , displays some of the forest 's natural features .	2	9	VBZ	displays	display
NN NNS are NNS which contain the JJ substance NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this user has created CD articles - this request comes from a bot generated list ( please see top of page ) .	8	9	VBZ	comes	come
JJ receptor 4 also known as NNP is a human gene which VBZ a g JJ receptor which VBZ the NN VBG molecule JJ JJ ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the broadcast type of radio network is a network system which VBZ programming to multiple stations simultaneously , or slightly delayed , for the purpose of extending total coverage beyond the limits of a single broadcast signal .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the mountain has two peaks , the main peak and a JJ west of the main peak .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in political science , historical rankings of presidents of the united states are surveys conducted in order to construct rankings of the success of individuals who have served as president of the united states .	5	12	VBP	are	is
personality RB refers to more or less permanent characteristics of an individual 's state of being ( e .	0	2	VBZ	refers	refer
such holes are formed when the water temperature in the clouds is below VBG but the water has not frozen yet due to the lack of ice NN particles ( see VBN water ) .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
the character NNP is an JJ , who VBZ the song very seriously and performs it very seriously .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
sailing club is one of the famous club for sailing and NN in the area , and NN is the local attraction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these NNS are present in different forms , which differ in their NN and NN to the different NNP proteins .	1	2	VBP	are	is
but the point of the question is about being RB identical which they are .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as the battle VBZ , the NNPS NN NN , unaware that NNP is taking this energy to use for himself .	2	3	VBZ	progresses	progress
never could say no support - NNP is a great friend of mine , and i have had the same interactions mainly as NNP , the nominator had .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
note that NNP 's view that there is a `` scientific consensus '' is neither endorsed nor disputed by wikipedia .	4	13	VBZ	is	are
delete perfect example of wikipedia is not for things made up in school one day .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the NNP defines the method of testing whether a life insurance policy is a NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
finally , any argument that amounts to this is a [ NN paper ] encyclopedia [ !	3	8	VBZ	is	are
the passport of the republic of NNP with JJ data contains a chip which holds digital information , including the holder 's signature , as well as the traditional information .	1	10	VBZ	contains	contain
the efficiency of a quantum well laser is greater than that of a bulk laser because the density of states function of electrons in the quantum well system has an JJ edge that VBZ electrons in energy states that contribute to laser action .	27	28	VBZ	has	have
however , the club has disbanded and the future of this breed is uncertain .	8	12	VBZ	is	are
further information about the book is in the article on the book and in NNP NNP in a section on the book .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the template idea works for me .	2	3	VBZ	works	work
basically , any article related to the cleveland NNPS is in the scope of this wikiproject .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
the following definition is per NNP but modified to reflect the familiar `` JJ '' construction .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
licensed to marion , south carolina , usa , the station serves the florence area .	10	11	VBZ	serves	serve
though an aerospace force nuclear missile strike is able to VB the asteroid itself , they are unable to prevent the wreck of the un NN VBG the asteroid from VBG on chicago , destroying part of the city .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the present system , as you admit , counts votes .	2	8	VBZ	counts	count
on the other hand , you 're not using it to cite much , just a relatively small section of the article , so i wo n't oppose strictly based on that , as your other sources seem better .	36	37	VBP	seem	seems
both versions also use models of both NNS , as the hosts of the two versions are female .	1	3	VBP	use	uses
i think that all the pages are good actually , but i think that he foreign language examples should go on the appropriate language NN , with links on each page to the other language pages .	5	6	VBP	are	is
this JJ feature , also found in hp 's NNP systems , is known as NN , because both NNS take their `` steps '' ( i .	19	20	VBP	take	takes
the article contains extensive information about the history of the belief that rape does not cause pregnancy , the complete list of politicians who made JJ comments in the 2012 election cycle , and the NNS of those comments .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
a slightly more involved way is to look at the use VBZ themselves against the name of the article .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
b singer NNP 's , saying the latter would `` have him for breakfast '' , and writes that NNP 's lyrics are `` JJ NNS that may or may not be about NNP '' .	21	22	VBP	are	is
because the earliest listing says this article has been around since february 2004 - over three years !	3	4	VBZ	says	say
the 1880s station building still stands , but part of the line NNS is currently reduced to a single track .	3	5	VBZ	stands	stand
NNP shares a fairly similar design to st series but of course there is some difference , such as the shape of the seat and the oil tank .	5	13	VBZ	is	are
i love the idea of wikipedia , and the reality seems exciting so far in many NNS .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
this NN shows that the area law applies for any central force , not just for gravity .	6	7	VBZ	applies	apply
december 2008 ( utc ) i 'm having a hard time seeing what the problem is .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the existing track and the northern extension remain under NNP ownership , and the stations from NNP junction to surrey NNS are part of the london NNP network .	14	21	VBP	are	is
you can see these junction numbers for yourself on the updated NNP NNP road dual NN , and in other locations where new signs are up ( e .	23	24	VBP	are	is
however , many states hold to the principle of JJ employment , which says an employee can be fired for any or no reason , without warning and without NN , unless violation of state or federal civil rights laws can be proven .	3	4	VBP	hold	holds
this NNP NNP JJ image is of a portion of a nearby JJ wind JJ ( the NNP NNP ) VBG across NNP and NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNS act rapidly , with NN of action in JJ seconds for iv , JJ minutes for im , and JJ minutes for sc .	0	1	VBP	act	acts
on global warming NN , my only evidence is from speaking with them , though one can look at the international NNS on global warming awareness by nation to see that awareness is lower in most nations than canada .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in the film NNP , a book with this title is on the NN when he is VBN by his NNS who inform him that NNP is about to attack his army .	6	10	VBZ	is	are
history of NNP hall part two ' by thomas p walsh in the journal of old NNP society ( 1971 ) gives a very detailed account of the ghost story and several alleged NNS in the old NNP hall .	0	21	VBZ	gives	give
the reason is likely to be that NNP park was published in 1990 ( and probably written over a couple of years before that ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's JJ name ( NNP ) is NNP NNP ( NNP ) or NNP ( NNP ) , clan name is NNP ( NNP ) , given name is NNP ( NNP ) , as the second son to emperor NNP and NNP ( NNP ) .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the region is distant from the geographic center of the country , and is a relatively small region , and relatively RB populated .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article was written by a medical doctor , not a historian , and the site itself seems to be some sort of a commercial site VBN mostly toward selling NN , not provided academic and reliable information on history .	15	17	VBZ	seems	seem
despite the progress made by indian feminist movements , women living in modern india still face many issues of discrimination .	9	15	VBP	face	faces
typical financial benefits achieved by an NNP implementation are shorter accounts VBZ cycles and the NN of account collections .	2	8	VBP	are	is
you are VBG that the nomination is in bad faith .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP ) which fact also appears probable from his connections with NNP , a scholar from NNP , NNP near NNP whom he had appointed to the post of abbot of NNP in south NNP .	3	5	VBZ	appears	appear
first , the subject of the article seems to be a living person and as such will need to pass the standard for notability .	3	7	VBZ	seems	seem
in NN , however , her ship encounters a force of NNP NNS and is attacked and heavily damaged .	6	7	VBZ	encounters	encounter
when he resumed filming , frame CD already shows the presidential NN in view .	5	8	VBZ	shows	show
JJ months and years are , however , usually not linked ( e .	1	4	VBP	are	is
in addition , the new york city NNP bus provides NN accessible service to fort NNP park , continuing inside the park to the NNP museum when open .	8	9	VBZ	provides	provide
the return on the `` wild card '' is highest for NNS at 96 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
many other artists object to NN in general but prefer not to explicitly identify with either NNP or NNP and instead advocate various other forms of socialism .	2	3	VBP	object	objects
a classic example of a JJ condition is NN that leads to a JJ NN of oxygen , NN and other JJ factors and NNS massive JJ death of JJ cells and JJ cells of surrounding NNS ( NNS , NNS , JJ cells , etc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the island has a single school that is used for grades kindergarten through 12 and serves the educational requirements of middle bass and north bass islands .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
JJ NN ( NNP ) occurs when a man experiences NN and NNS NNS soon after sexual NN and with minimal NN NN .	8	9	VBZ	experiences	experience
the NN file is not a text file , but rather a binary format which needs to be edited by specially VBN programs .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
usually run for profit , commercial events tend to charge for `` tickets '' or `` admission '' rather than having `` NNS '' .	6	7	VBP	tend	tends
yes , the NN of this question is absolutely correct .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
a series of knockout NNS for the remaining teams decides what other 2 teams reach the quarter finals .	13	14	VBP	reach	reaches
almost everything goes according to their plans until the body fails to surface , and michel 's NN is nowhere to be found when the pool is VBN .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
JJ township is one of twelve townships in NNP county , north carolina , united states .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i think the page is very useful by itself and should not be merged with anything else .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
one NN , however , is that the statistics package on the NNP range does n't come VBN on the NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
delete all i agree with the nom that such a list is somewhat JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the problem rather is that NNP can not accept the fact that the NN and yang is , as much as the NN , an international symbol used by a variety of cultures , not just chinese NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
the clear , direct writing and JJ presentation enables NNP to incorporate NN characters with a minimum of NN .	4	8	VBZ	enables	enable
the last thing we need is for every editor to be walking on NNS trying to police their own language for fear of a NN when they are making a valid point .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
current traffic models use a mixture of JJ and theoretical techniques .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
an audition is a sample performance by an actor , singer , musician , dancer or other performer .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a key exception to this is in the countries where women are not allowed to wear NNS that VBP full NN , cambodia , NNP , thailand and ( NNPS in ) vietnam .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP is the first to perform blood NNS with routine NN test and to point out that blood groups are hereditary .	19	20	VBP	are	is
a popular drink , NNP da NNP , is a traditional NN drink made from JJ or orange NN , and common in many of these restaurants .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
other major NNS on the iraq stock exchange include baghdad soft drinks co , iraqi NNP NNP co , NNP marble and NNP agriculture .	2	8	VBP	include	includes
although a try is worth less in rugby league , it is more often the main method of scoring due to the much smaller value of goals .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
and if the exercise is n't precisely JJ , it comes very close to it .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
my point is that this is a pattern of something that needs to be recognized as a serious problem on wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP , that article has a section titled heavy NN that says nothing NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the search for meaningful origins for familiar or strange words is far older than the modern understanding of linguistic evolution and the relationships of languages , which began no earlier than the 18th century .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
the use of non-free content on wikipedia is therefore subject to RB JJR standards than those laid down in u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the NNP initiative is to demonstrate a way to VB working systems better than the current defense acquisition process , which frequently leads to delays and cost NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
many additional world war i squadron photographs are available by VBG the wikipedia commons link to the right .	6	7	VBP	are	is
many species of NNS are indigenous to NNP , including at least 79 species of terrestrial snails and NNS .	1	4	VBP	are	is
non-notable NN whose utility is quite obviously gone for good .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
following scenes VBP the NNP ' NNS and then the spanish officers VBG NN to their respective leaders .	1	2	VBP	depict	depicts
however , as more and more of the students become VBN to playing hearts , their grades begin to suffer and they are putting themselves at risk of losing their NN .	16	17	VBP	begin	begins
as the name suggests , it is a collection of singles and other JJ tracks , recorded from 1982 to 1985 .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
japanese speakers who learn english as a second language later than childhood often have difficulty in hearing and producing and accurately .	1	13	VBP	have	has
greene is VBN to a chair , and the man asks about smith and the money , but greene does n't want to answer , so the man beats him .	27	28	VBZ	beats	beat
the second language club 's members learn about the cultures of germany , italy , france , and mexico , and student NNP learn more about the spanish language .	5	6	VBP	learn	learns
the NN of NNP is JJ with an unlimited fine and up to 15 years imprisonment and those caught selling the NNP can be dealt greater penalties .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the greek text of the NN is a representative of a mixture of NNS with VBP the byzantine element .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as the one who started this whole thread , i believe the evidence is more consistent with either wikipedia NN this site or both VBG a third source ( hopefully public domain ) .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the current malaysian collaboration of the month is .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
your seem unable to accept the criticism you have repeatedly received that your behavior here is a problem .	13	15	VBZ	is	are
the idea behind a dictionary is that it exists to provide information others may be curious about , which includes organizations which exist in one location .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the fact that such a number always exists for any NNP machine is generally the important thing .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
such sources clearly exist , even if they are usually focused on a certain time period or school .	1	3	VBP	exist	exists
the people lead a simple and hard life .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads
his NN and NNS ' lessons serve him well at the academy , but his progress there is not as simple as he would wish .	15	17	VBZ	is	are
the show demonstrates NNS comprising a JJ diet .	1	2	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate
its educational institutions include several NNS , a training college for female teachers , ecclesiastical NNS and a school of art .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
if this card is a king , the dealer can immediately mark an extra point for himself .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
publishers seem pretty clear -- as the publisher was perfectly clear in the case you mentioned .	0	1	VBP	seem	seems
this battlefield is now one of the four NNP of the NNP revolution .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
accident on hill road is a 2009 NNP film , directed by NNP NNP and produced by NNP NNP , starring NNP sheikh , NNP singh , NNP NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the guest is a 16 electron and thus very JJ NN NN ( an JJ NN ) with a NN NN ( red ) and a 1 , 3 , CD NN ( blue ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the terminal building is a two story structure with an observation deck .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his record is unlikely to be beaten as he rode in the melbourne cup when he was under the stated minimum age of thirteen .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the two schools occupy the university 's main campus in NNP and NNP , massachusetts and share many administrative functions including undergraduate NNS , student affairs , library , and information technology services .	2	3	VBP	occupy	occupies
after the battle stefan and NNP speak with prince NNP who wants stefan to go north with him to counter the advance of chaos while stefan 's orders are to head east to deal with a gathering .	27	28	VBP	are	is
further access levels need to be assigned manually by a user with the appropriate authority .	2	3	VBP	need	needs
weak delete - a news search brings only nine hits , while a greater search brings CD , but of those only a very small handful would be considered reliable sources .	5	6	VBZ	brings	bring
however , a restriction exists of using only JJ birds .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist
the template is too large , used only in one page , and links to loosely associated articles .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
looking at the 6 year , CD edit history shows an spa with two purposes , to edit a select number of articles , and to cause NN to anyone else who does .	8	9	VBZ	shows	show
despite the changes the article is still an JJ NN and i do not think that can be changed through normal editing .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the station is at nearby NNP NNP and about north from NNP village .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NNP uk 's purpose is to promote professional growth towards the NN of the highest standards of nursing .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
at afd the project page is itself a discussion , so the discussion page is usually not used .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
common names in australia include native NNP , grey NNP , NNP handle wood , NNP NNP and NNP tree .	1	4	VBP	include	includes
forest oak and black pine covers portions of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover
other social movements and civil society organisations in other parts of the world also have similar campaigns or JJ preferences .	2	14	VBP	have	has
the heart contains four NNS that direct the flow of blood in a single direction .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the square itself is a major intersection where the NNP NNP street becomes the NNS highway an JJ road that will eventually become the NNP motorway .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
hi , i 'm trying to put together a page on [ [ NNP villa ] ] , but virtually all information is in thai .	21	22	VBZ	is	are
NNS occur from may to september , that are occasionally severe with large NN , damaging winds and heavy NNS .	0	1	VBP	occur	occurs
the station has 130 watts of power and covers about NNS of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the goal is not NN , which few believe possible , but control .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS are able to use carbon dioxide from the air as carbon source , the same way plants do .	17	18	VBP	do	does
the first JJ NN ( the NN ) is VBN with the NN , while the second JJ segment forms a sort of shaft , the NN .	18	19	VBZ	forms	form
the slow movement begins with a JJ row , the intervals of which are related to NNS from the first movement .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin
all these events take place in light of the 2009 NNP world congress .	2	3	VBP	take	takes
the principal industries installed are the manufacture of cement , furniture , and NNS .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the organisation enables NNS to protect special features on their land through its open space NNS .	1	2	VBZ	enables	enable
incivility is in the eye of the NN ; i , personally , find it very RB when people make broad claims which are JJ in a few seconds - they are , deliberately or not , lying to me and trying to VB my brain with false beliefs .	18	19	VBP	make	makes
when VBG a NN , the choice of where to drill it depends on the type of NN and to what it will be VBN .	6	12	VBZ	depends	depend
for the moment , the most JJ location is just south of the city of NNP , where the ancient main road crossed the river , and where a buddhist source indeed mentions a city that may be NNP .	30	32	VBZ	mentions	mention
this redirect currently points from `` bread NN '' directly to `` NNP '' .	1	3	VBZ	points	point
if both editors have truly edit VBN , warn them both .	2	3	VBP	have	has
a partnership between natural england and the NNP runs the `` NNP NNP project '' , part of a larger project called `` action for birds '' .	1	8	VBZ	runs	run
the cross is a silver NN cross with eagle NNS VBG the NNS , and with two prussian blue stripes along the vertical arms ; the round central NN bears the air force crest within a NN of laurel .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i must repeat again that the theory of infinite NNP NNP of matter is not simply a NN .	6	13	VBZ	is	are
businesses include mechanics , small farmers and forestry NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
in addition to VBG prey , bat ears are sensitive to the NN of moth wings , the sounds produced by JJ insects , and the movement of JJ prey , such as NNS , NNS , etc .	7	8	VBP	are	is
the japan section is a copyvio and should be removed but the rest looks ok .	12	13	VBZ	looks	look
first JJ images were received on june 12 , 2004 , and mission scientists immediately realized that the surface of NNP looks different from NNS visited by spacecraft .	18	21	VBZ	looks	look
if an NN molecule enters the precursor state at a location that is remote from any other previously VBN NN molecules , the NN probability is reflected by the size of the NNP constant .	3	4	VBZ	enters	enter
NNP block is a revenue block in the NNP district of tamil nadu , india .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
that said , i think that the fact that there were ( as far as i could tell anyway ) reliable sources VBZ it from an obvious delete to a NN .	7	22	VBZ	pushes	push
although many early nasa rockets VBP during launch , the ambitious NNS all hope to be the first in space as part of project mercury .	11	13	VBP	hope	hopes
the cast also includes beverly archer , matt NNP , jon NNP , NNP ryan , nicole NNP and chelsea NNP .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
personally i am strongly of the view that this account is , to put it RB , not really here to help and should have remained blocked .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
ed 's primary use to the NNP crew is as a NN ; she is widely known to be a NN kid behind the computer .	3	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP merely VBZ through the NNS and , declaring that reality is not to be altered without his `` consent '' , VBZ NNP 's neck .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
during this period , operation is JJ unless there is JJ formation evident by fever and NN or by NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
like its eastern caribbean neighbors , the main priority of NNP 's foreign relations is economic development .	8	14	VBZ	is	are
an interesting note , is that this incident , though NNS were never commenced on the field of honor , VBD NNP from holding state office in illinois , according to the state constitution of 1848 .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
the review appears on NNP , which is `` .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the rule for primitive NN on NN is the dual to that for primitive NN on data .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
NNP device , the new costume comes along with an advanced JJ NN , shown as highly NN to bullets and JJ weapons , and nearly as mobile as his former biological arm .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come
territory plan also contains districts located outside of the urban areas for the purposes of land administration .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
possible affiliation with a corporation ( they often VBP to NNS ) is not a reason for deletion .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
such an analysis shows that for most items , it takes much less work time to earn them now than it did decades ago , at least in the united states .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show
VBG players start at NNS outside of the town of NNP , also a creation of fan fiction .	1	2	VBP	start	starts
NNP citizens of NNP and those of NNP are an enabling factor , as is the NN of NNP NNP police in this region of de facto independence ( cf .	1	8	VBP	are	is
keep the guy is controversial , and his own NN page is needed , well sourced and fairly neutral .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the JJ romance is hot and RB JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
given the JJ nature of majority NNS , successful NNS of no confidence and thus changes in government are frequent during a parliamentary term .	9	18	VBP	are	is
he characterized NN as VBG into a wider JJ and literary approach , and said that additional studies would be published in the studies in late NN and early islam ( NNP series ) in which his book appears .	37	38	VBZ	appears	appear
the control box has three lights indicating , NNS present , VBG in progress and fault .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
other JJ NN trails include the west rim and NNP creek .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
this image is a dvd cover of the film fantasy mission force .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
well if that is true , that person is dead now .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
NNP NN , `` family plant of NNP which roots are JJ and for its high content of NN used to produce a flour which is high in protein ) .	9	10	VBP	are	is
membership for the lists is free for NNS and related industry professionals .	0	4	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of 2 , CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
petroleum oil contains JJ compounds that are toxic for most life forms .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the two classical clinical NNS are the acute phase and the chronic phase , corresponding to the two different host cell types invaded by the NN ( red blood cells and JJ cells ) .	4	5	VBP	are	is
the NN of the NN is simple , lacking VBN margin .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
natural killer cells often lack JJ cell surface receptors and therefore are part of JJ immunity , i .	2	4	VBP	lack	lacks
JJ accounts are not inherently problematic - some of our best articles are written by JJ accounts .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the video opens with lopez VBG a NN with her JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
each strain carries a precise deletion of one of the genes in the NN , and has been RB characterized .	1	2	VBZ	carries	carry
this medical journal is primarily for clinical and JJ research .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the doctor travels to NNP , where it has been sealed off for 5 , 000 years due the radiation NN .	1	2	VBZ	travels	travel
in light of all the other categories brought up above , the argument that user cats should serve the interests of collaboration holds , in my opinion , absolutely no weight .	12	22	VBZ	holds	hold
brief for murder is the first episode of the third series of the 1960s cult british JJ television series the NNPS , starring patrick NNP and honor NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP county area from the south , where it VBZ the duck river and the NNP river , and proceeds NN for another before VBG into the ohio river .	2	19	VBZ	proceeds	proceed
when her eldest child , melody becomes sick , laura goes to her sister , NNP asking for help , who says that she will help if she hands over NNP the youngest so she may raise her as her own .	3	6	VBZ	becomes	become
while those tools are still largely JJ , JJ ( and , by extension , NNS ) are designed to be updated from mobile devices as well as desktop computers .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP , looks like i blocked them a couple of hours ago for this reason - the NN discussion is pretty important now .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
the major difference between the NN and JJ forms of hybrid music video games is that games of the JJ form allow for the creation of music as determined by gameplay whereas those of the JJ form employ music to determine gameplay .	2	14	VBZ	is	are
dominant bulls follow groups of NNS during the NN , from august into early winter .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows
the NN floor has six rulers ' NNS which are reserved solely for NNP NN and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the group goes on a search for her , but find no trace of her .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go
the NNP NNS are earlier , more primitive versions of jerusalem .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the seasons run like they do for the northern hemisphere ; hammer is like january and NNP is like july .	1	2	VBP	run	runs
the second map included in the game is a new map not available elsewhere , featuring NNP 's home state of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
usa ultimate is run by a JJ board of directors that is elected by the membership ; a director 's term is three years , VBD such that four seats come up for election each calendar year .	29	30	VBP	come	comes
in this context , addition is called `` tropical NN '' , NN is called `` tropical addition '' , and the tropical `` JJ identity '' is negative NN .	25	27	VBZ	is	are
thus those questions are no longer frequently asked and therefore , by definition , should be removed from the NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
her silver service is presently on display in the south carolina governor 's mansion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
his charge attack is unique to him , when he goes on all NNS to VB down all in his path and finishing with a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNS claim that all of his NNS have come to pass .	0	1	VBP	claim	claims
the survivors struggle to VB and combat the JJ knights with what little knowledge they have of them .	1	2	VBP	struggle	struggles
for example , the european union 's product liability NNP VBZ strict liability for JJ products that harm people ; such strict liability is not uncommon although not necessarily statutory .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the problem is when i do so someone seems to remove it a few days later .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
currently ( 2009 ) , area colleges , high schools and rowing clubs are active in expanded facilities .	6	13	VBP	are	is
the NN links to an amazon .	1	2	VBZ	links	link
the community has 30 years case law experience .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
light brown flowers appear only on adult plants .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
this encyclopedia however covers much more [ [ than cuisine ] .	1	3	VBZ	covers	cover
when i expand it around some points , it does n't form a wave - all the JJ terms are zero .	18	19	VBP	are	is
hindu temples are also high risk areas during communal NNS ( most recently in 1990 , 1992 and 2001 ) when it has often been necessary to call the army to protect sensitive locations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
its current principal is patrick NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the forum has over 2000 members and there is a wealth of information on multiple topics .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the al NNP nickname comes from the JJ absence of NN in his skin , hair and eyes ( i .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
appearances include the NNP missile , the NNP race , it 's all in the timing , the last of the NNP , the NNP key , weather or not , NNP NNP and NNP 's thunder .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
the office has a waiting room with toys and books to keep children VBN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
his works are on display in the estonian museum of applied art and design and in the NNP art hall .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the main campus is in harrison , mi on of land .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the scene in which the family enters burns ' manor contains two cultural references .	5	6	VBZ	enters	enter
the adult moth has a NN of .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
this resort also includes a well maintained camp site .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the east wall of the NN has a shallow NN VBN by a NN .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the total area of the NN is while are covered .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the name `` NNP bay '' appears to come from NNP NNP , who was an attorney general and the judge in the NN colony .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
for a map see NNP the region is a little larger than el salvador or massachusetts and has great variety in landscape .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
all dimensions of the NN are in exact proportion to the original NNP hammer .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the problem is , i have no knowledge of even where to begin .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
focus areas include the NN industry , chemical and NN industries , and the energy sector ( NNS and power plants ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
no one wants to face the consequences of edit warring though , so if reverting does occur , no matter what the page , it is better in that case to turn to discussion and come up with a resolution .	1	2	VBZ	wants	want
the song is simple RB , with a repeating verse NN NN of e minor , g major , a major and c major , and a repeating bridge in cut time of e minor , g major , a major , and g major .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the 2012 NNP NNP del NNP NNP NNP season ( known as the 2012 NNP nacional NNP for sponsorship reasons ) is the CD season of JJ football in chile .	8	21	VBZ	is	are
if the central varieties then die out and only the varieties at both ends survive , they may then be VBN as two languages , even though no actual language change has occurred .	10	14	VBP	survive	survives
the NNP signal uses more JJ error NN on control channels than on the audio content , trading off error NN and NN differently for separate categories of bits in the signal NN .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
the complaints that i have seen that NNP was involved in forming those guidelines demonstrate an NN of the way wikipedia works .	1	14	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
NNP and NNP 's discussion of an JJ mother , in the scene at the well , VBZ the reader 's suspicion of NNP 's pregnancy .	4	17	VBZ	confirms	confirm
an alternate version of the NNP artwork shows a painting of bill NNP , calling him `` another dead hero , '' and mentions of NNS are found both in the liner notes and on the record .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show
NNS are a large portion of the people we would be dealing with and those VBG with them have a responsibility to encourage and welcome the next generation of wikipedians .	0	1	VBP	are	is
while JJ deals with an underlying criminal record , it is a civil action in which the subject is the NN or NN asking a court to declare that the records be VBN .	17	18	VBZ	is	are
the main book in this series is NNP NN NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
eight people are killed and 12 injured as a vehicle runs into a crowd during the california 200 JJ racing event near NNP valley , california .	9	10	VBZ	runs	run
if the article is about two or more people , then the NNS template does not get applied .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
for example , cotton NNS look like the soft NNS cotton balls that they come from .	4	5	VBP	look	looks
the JJ JJ NN native to NNP ( which becomes , eventually , NNP ) resembles the NNP from speaker for the dead .	3	15	VBZ	resembles	resemble
some say that its mission is rather JJ ( needs a reference ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the play opens with NNP and her sister NNP discussing what action to take in response to NNP 's new law against the burial of their brother .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
the stem of the active past NN , for all other cases but the JJ singular , ends in NNP , which may be likewise VBN .	1	17	VBZ	ends	end
most VBP line trains operate through to NNP on the NNP line .	3	4	VBP	operate	operates
a native of NNP center , new york , NNP now resides in port jefferson station , new york .	1	11	VBZ	resides	reside
the music video for `` possibility '' consists of a live performance of the song li gave at stockholm 's NNP studios on 9 march 2010 , directed by marcus NNP and NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist
JJ items are those items which typically focus on the theatrical performance other aspects , and are included on a JJ basis ( i .	1	2	VBP	are	is
then if the NN article gets NNP the outcome is often merge .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the program offers advanced level courses to students and offers students the opportunity to take NNP test in approved classes for college credit .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
the case with this site is similar to that with NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if every element of the NN is a left zero then the NN is called a left zero NN ; a right zero NN is defined RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
improved JJ support comes to wikimedia WP announced this week was the NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come
NNS are a type of tree structure ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is
in architecture , an NN is more specifically the wing of a house , or a lateral division of a large building .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the son of a retired general , NNP is in the NNP book of records for his more than CD very short appearances VBG over the NNS of hundreds of JJ tv journalists .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
a man of action is the second episode of the seventh british comedy series dad 's army that was originally transmitted on friday 22 november 1974 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
these players constitute the core group , whose role is to form the initial concept of the piece and to shape the NN process .	1	2	VBP	constitute	constitutes
for instance , genes create an abstract information framework within which JJ organisms may modify the NN of the JJ information state space in order to VB and subsequently VB .	3	4	VBP	create	creates
the article is still in its very inception ( i am slow ) and at the time of deletion the article had two sentences , of which one was entirely factual and the other was factual but written in an advertising fashion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
according to the NNP organization , valid documents are those that VBP against a NNP .	7	8	VBP	are	is
numerous venues regularly feature a variety of performances throughout the city .	1	3	VBP	feature	features
these mistakes are usually the result of confusion between NNP and either 0 ( zero ) or an empty string ( a string value with a length of zero , represented in NNP as '' ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
so , let the wiki process fix it .	5	6	VBZ	fix	fixes
the illustration shows an extract depicting kingston harbour .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
the NNP was never produced commercially , and only one example of the instrument exists .	13	14	VBZ	exists	exist
NNP NNP her daughter is now a famous star singer in lebanon .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
transparent or NN surfaces also cause major difficulties .	3	5	VBP	cause	causes
these surveys generally follow a JJ cycle of annual , intermediate and special surveys with the extent of the survey varying depending upon the age of the vessel or offshore unit and the type of survey being conducted .	1	3	VBP	follow	follows
the job interview entry has a section on behavioral interviews but not technical interviews .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
an example is the green NNP NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
they generally have quite large leaves and NNS in which individual flowers vary in colour from white to green , yellow or purple .	11	12	VBP	vary	varies
all other NNS use the NN with a NN to serve the same purpose .	2	3	VBP	use	uses
this claim seems a little unfair .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
she has two younger sisters in the manga , the youngest one also appears in the anime episodes RB ; she relies on drawing on a NN to communicate as she is too young to VB .	11	13	VBZ	appears	appear
death row statements either admit the crime , leaving the witness with an impression of NN and NN ; or deny the crime , leaving the witness with an impression of NN .	2	4	VBP	admit	admits
the fourth and final segment of NNP 1806 is largely JJ , with its northern end near the NNP county border north of NNP .	4	8	VBZ	is	are
the belief that there is something NN stems from the idea that only then genesis and decay will never stop , when that from which is taken what is generated is NN .	1	30	VBZ	is	are
it is already famous and many people know about it .	6	7	VBP	know	knows
the aerial roots are utilized for such items as NN poles and well NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
article 2 provides for an NNP to this document , which was issued by the interim governing council on 1 june 2004 , before the beginning of the JJ period .	0	2	VBZ	provides	provide
and voltage is the water pressure .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
chris ' bot status tool allows both logs to be VBN .	4	5	VBZ	allows	allow
crystal creatures are clear NN crystal points VBN with genuine NNP crystal `` eyes '' giving each one its own personality .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i would rather add one more warning and hope the JJ editor takes the NN -- vandalism is JJ .	11	12	VBZ	takes	take
outside some NNS , such ideas continue to VB as core assumptions .	5	6	VBP	continue	continues
for instance a display in texas , christmas in NNP , uses a JJ NN scheme , and also refers to VBG NNS that people have built based on this scheme .	3	11	VBZ	uses	use
by placing limits on the number of NNS that can be transmitted or received at any given time , a VBG window protocol allows an unlimited number of NNS to be VBN using JJ sequence numbers .	22	23	VBZ	allows	allow
this enhanced contrast allows NNS to be more easily identified .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow
however , for an NNP craft , such heavy materials are JJ , and maximum thrust is necessary for orbital NN at the earliest time to VB gravity losses .	9	10	VBP	are	is
this category comprises the user pages of users who have expressed an interest in the mexican state of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
this place is the eponymous NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
citizens of all other nations require a NN which is issued from the capital NNP upon arrival .	0	5	VBP	require	requires
the last chapter includes a warning .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
i never made , and the user continues to argue that basic wikipedia policies and guidelines do not apply to articles .	6	7	VBZ	continues	continue
keyboards and bass make up the remaining NN with an JJ guitar .	0	3	VBP	make	makes
the article exists because it received notable controversy in the media .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist
when the performance is over , NNP releases NNP , but the NNS reveal his plot to NNP , who VBZ the marriage on a NN , and to NNP , who VBZ NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP object of NN is to prevent fraud and secure justice between the parties by promotion of NN and good faith .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
the population density of humans in most areas is far too large , and this causes NNS in resources .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
one VBG feature of the electrical grid in africa is its isolation .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
the stores are a NN of NNP owned by the british NNP retail NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
at a certain moment this process becomes JJ ( JJ cycle ) and results in the rapid VBG phase of action potential .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become
an alternative technique is to directly VB move NNS , for example using the boost move library .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
law needs to produce results , sometimes too quickly for true justice .	0	1	VBZ	needs	need
JJ territories , and thus have no idea how to get home .	1	5	VBP	have	has
the original part of the NN has two NNS and is in two NNS , the extension is in a single NN .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
in this respect , therefore , such laws are not RB constitutional laws , which normally require some higher form of approval , such as the approval of multiple provincial NNS , in order to be amended .	7	8	VBP	are	is
therefore , the final probability is equal to 0 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the book VBZ the buddhist and NNP sources of the story of rama .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore
a doctor challenges canada 's health care system - international herald tribune article by NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	challenges	challenge
NNP 's main agricultural products are JJ crops including wheat , NN , NN , and NN .	4	5	VBP	are	is
this cycle can be broken after a soul VBZ NNP or NNP .	7	8	VBZ	achieves	achieve
a JJ compilation of NNS from chinese literature tells of a NN who `` NN tears which became NNS '' .	2	8	VBZ	tells	tell
unlike crime NNS , crime films usually offer a more serious , JJ and realistic portrayal of the criminal environment , VBG character development and complex NNS over NN sequences , chase scenes and violence .	5	7	VBP	offer	offers
the building has two identical VBD entrance halls facing the street , one for each company .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
even though his works become less and less theoretical , the relation between form and substance remains crucial .	3	4	VBP	become	becomes
the bottom line is , its well written , its informative , the quality of the article is RB higher than others and its really not VBG to read about price NNS just like it is n't when you read the wall street journal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
an inscription in NNP indicates that the founder was a NNP from NNP .	1	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate
these authors seek to , incorrectly , lay claim that a NN of the company personally VBZ NNS rather than the corporate entity which is the subject of this article .	11	16	VBZ	owes	owe
its NN is frequently JJ , because its teeth are almost completely covered by JJ tissue that is naturally VBN during feeding .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the individuals named in the school song are of historical interest .	1	7	VBP	are	is
shock waves are one of the most common examples of JJ flow phenomena .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in particular , `` changes to the mental element of rape NNP '' , are essential reading for practitioners .	4	14	VBP	are	is
the claim is that the NNP algebra is NNP , where NN is the first JJ JJ number .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
yes , there are blog references , but they are only intended to apply to a discussion of blog coverage of the allegations ( a similar situation exists at JJ documents ) .	26	27	VBZ	exists	exist
hereditary racial differences are not as RB accepted , although i still find it quite JJ to suggest that they are widely rejected .	2	3	VBP	are	is
comment the `` review '' is little more than a NN of the NNP us ' page of the NNP site .	3	5	VBZ	is	are
realizing that people in such positions tend to act as if they were VBN , she sought to VB the person behind the mask , although she often succeeded in maintaining a little of the NN .	2	6	VBP	tend	tends
this medium RB VBZ itself to the application of specific concentrations of NNS etc .	1	3	VBZ	lends	lend
however , i think the JJ important quality for an admin is to be perceived as fair and balanced ( the first being , of course , actually being fair and balanced ) .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
it , therefore , appears that this company acquired the property of the NNP valley railway company , but the evidence is entirely JJ .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
the new units range in area from less than for NNP voivodeship to more than for JJ voivodeship .	2	3	VBP	range	ranges
the plant produces PRP , a JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	produces	produce
an incident is an event JJ to a human root cause .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
several of us have agreed that the NN is misleading because it suggests that only the tip of the peninsula is point NNP , when in fact the whole peninsula is .	16	20	VBZ	is	are
the en NN style of formatting seen earlier in this section is more RB than using a NN , from what i understand .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
the leaves are each made up of NN oval NNS measuring up to 1 .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the examples that that policy gives are when pointing out articles that are themselves of questionable or JJ notability .	4	5	VBZ	gives	give
the JJ subdivision of any cell complex c is a flag complex having one NN per cell of c .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
this small , JJ creature offers a contract in which a girl can have any wish granted in exchange for becoming a magical girl tasked with fighting against NNS .	4	5	VBZ	offers	offer
the JJS way to do this is to simply upload the image again , either here or at wikimedia commons .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNS are RB dispatched by the duke 's guards and giovanni himself ; however , giovanni 's efforts to try to VB one of the NNS for NN fail , as the guard kills the last NN .	33	34	VBZ	kills	kill
the most important effect is that time will appear to pass at different rates in the ship frame and the JJ frame , and this means that the ship 's speed and journey time will appear different in the two frames .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the NNP version of the song includes an NN of RB inspired JJ containing only a few finnish words ; it is not part of the original song written by NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include
this category includes NNS at the 1984 summer olympics in los angeles , california .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the collection has the most games of any in the series .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
a higher probability implies a less flexible exchange rate time series .	2	3	VBZ	implies	imply
its critical point is at 54 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the ears and NNS are both relatively large , VBG that the animal has good NNS .	12	13	VBZ	has	have
that vast editing experience is worth more than 100 NNP reports .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it is also normally found only where cloud forest is JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
this category VBZ all articles about education in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	collects	collect
probably the biggest area where i 've been active is in writing new pages and fixing some pages which existed already -- i 've written a number of pages which are fairly short , but informative and interesting .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
although NNP is an extremely JJ technique , there is no `` one size fits all '' method for all applications .	13	14	VBZ	fits	fit
the names of more than a quarter of pittsburgh 's neighborhoods make reference to `` hills , '' `` heights , '' or other NNS of JJ complexity .	1	11	VBP	make	makes
its fine chemicals include chemical NNS for laboratory experiments and VBG equipment , NN for plant NN , and sodium NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
the service operates on a trial basis .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate
keep , lists are not redundant to categories , but another , often more JJ way of VBG .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the a NN version of `` voices '' by NNP NNP is the opening theme song for episode 1 .	3	11	VBZ	is	are
instead of your proposal that the mechanism continues RB until the death of the planet .	6	7	VBZ	continues	continue
the evidence below shows how JJ seeks to cause confrontation and VB NNS on talk pages by continually seeking to focus on the personalities involved and not the content in question , with NNP often linking to his own websites to back up their arguments .	1	6	VBZ	seeks	seek
marking schemes are to be given to NNS only .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the oldest of these is the oxford manuscript which contains a text of some 4 , CD lines ( the number varies slightly in different modern editions ) and is usually dated to the middle of the 12th century ( between CD and CD ) .	20	21	VBZ	varies	vary
opened in 2007 , its location is at NNP and west hunt club road .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the weight is CD NNS per JJ metre .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
monetary union is not the cause of the crisis .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
she gains JJ and meets up with jack and the girls RB kiss .	1	12	VBP	kiss	kisses
secondly , obama is older in the image you link to - this photo is the only one of him at a younger age .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
these factors currently combine to qualify it as endangered .	1	3	VBP	combine	combines
a currently unused account , , also appears related .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear
the muslim women of NNP wear traditional head cover known as the NN , also spelled as NN .	2	5	VBP	wear	wears
the historical error in the game is that the NNPS have infantry forces only , while japanese have balanced combined armed forces .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
minor departments still have shadows but have been removed from the cabinet , and the post of shadow leader of the house of commons was abolished .	1	3	VBP	have	has
foreign customers demand more creative figures with little NN .	1	2	VBP	demand	demands
one possible noteworthy application of NNS is NN and storage of hydrogen gas for potential use in fuel cell NNS .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
in the fertile seas of the western pacific , competition is fierce .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
it is the seat of the NNP family , whose members include sir arthur NNP , who was one of the five members of parliament whom charles i unsuccessfully sought to arrest .	10	11	VBP	include	includes
a comparable iconic image is the lady of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
this is becoming increasingly common as people now move with reasonable freedom between states and international trade RB services markets in different states .	6	8	VBP	move	moves
in particular , video and audio NN applications often have a hit ratio close to zero , because each bit of data in the stream is read once for the first time ( a compulsory miss ) , used , and then never read or written again .	7	9	VBP	have	has
in much of the commonwealth of nations , including australia , new zealand , india , pakistan , bangladesh , sri lanka , south africa , kenya , and tanzania , the term school refers primarily to NN institutions .	33	34	VBZ	refers	refer
JJ blocks JJ transmission in the isolated mouse nerve NN preparation and acts RB to VB the activity of NNP i .	3	12	VBZ	acts	act
seriously though , american linguistic influence is RB powerful and american english will probably become the JJ standard form of english eventually .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
oppose the flash lighting is really bad , the composition is not very JJ , there are VBG elements in the NNP , it is VBN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
i am trying to make them understand that these acts are JJ .	9	10	VBP	are	is
using their suggestions , the book tries to VB what contributes to the building of vital and dynamic parishes and what causes NN and dissolution .	5	6	VBZ	tries	try
some accident reports show NNS of how the plane crash occurred .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
fourth NNP took place in NNP , indonesia in september 2010 with the theme `` the present is the key to the future '' .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
the postal address of the cathedral is CD NNP avenue , victoria , b .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
indeed , these skills or the lack RB have the capacity to shape one 's online perception as they shape one 's perception through a physical body in the `` real world .	3	8	VBP	have	has
the ship 's first destination from NNP is the NNP star system .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the flowers are quite large , blue or white , forming an NN at the end of a stem ( NN ) which is longer than the leaves .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the second version of NNS , seen to a very great extent in the united states , relates to doing any and all forms of NNS regardless of execution time .	2	17	VBZ	relates	relate
some people are crazy - the john NNP story '' ( NNP publishing 2007 ) , .	1	2	VBP	Are	Is
her recreational interests include running , NN , drawing and painting , NN , piano , and spending time with her family .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
as a hunter one 's mission is to hunt down and make the target wet using a NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the body is what is most important , and that goes for any encyclopedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
even the external link goes nowhere .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go
i state that my interest remains the good of the project , by VBG historical fact upon historical articles .	4	5	VBZ	remains	remain
finally , every so often a page with more than CD revisions needs to be deleted , requiring NN intervention ; most times the best way to get their attention is to leave a message on their noticeboard at NNP .	6	12	VBZ	needs	need
NN of weak signals is essential if the development of NNS beyond the scope of current developments is to be reached .	8	17	VBZ	is	are
phillip k dick 's the man in the high castle is a great one that falls into this category .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
after VBG through forests , the highway returns to civilization entering the hamlet of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	returns	return
the big question here is whether the device actually existed .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
totally subjective , pov category , that , if memory serves , is a recreation of a previously deleted category .	9	10	VBZ	serves	serve
this portion of route 21 serves to connect newark liberty with downtown newark .	1	5	VBZ	serves	serve
the college has 97 general classrooms , CD specialist classrooms .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the first and most important action to saving the NNP NN is to utilize legislation and keep the species protected at all times .	5	11	VBZ	is	are
the date of his birth of is unknown .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
block logs and talk page histories are always publicly JJ , and admins get the full block log before they block anyone , so they already get a sense of what has gone on in the past .	12	13	VBP	get	gets
the hamlet of NNP is on the peninsula 's northwestern coast .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
and his personal remarks to you are also unnecessary .	3	6	VBP	are	is
the most obvious case of this is when somebody wins a million dollars in the NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the specialists believe in the importance of both physical and spiritual aspects of an NN , dealing with the root causes of the patients ' NNS .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
a matter of NNP and death is the highest viewed JJ event since an episode of coronation street in 2004 had 16 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
this sector comprises the bulk of the NNP population and is popularly known as the grass roots or roots class .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
i think the background , reception and plot details all are reasonably long and complete the article 's scope .	8	10	VBP	are	is
NNP edits in article are true , verifiable , equally VBN and RB JJ edit after NN NNS misleading info and properly credits NNP , also credits other members and uses text that was agreed to during NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the stadium is mostly like the NNP 5 de NNP in the capital of NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
many children are vulnerable as adoption laws in morocco are very JJ and difficult .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in some cases this can be expressed as a NN , which can then be VBN in when such code is necessary , though it is often simply recalled from the NN 's mind .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
the album holds a score of 78 out of 100 on the review NN website NNP .	1	2	VBZ	holds	hold
the ball serves as a NN NN NN , automatically VBG its radius to the NN of the NN radiation so that NN is maintained .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
support great article , well developed deserves the status .	2	6	VBZ	deserves	deserve
the application is a `` 2 in 1 '' product allowing both time tracking and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
some studies conclude that employee ownership appears to increase production and NN , and improve employees ' dedication and sense of ownership .	1	2	VBP	conclude	concludes
the health and safety certificate would not be issued unless the stadium meets such conditions , without which the stadium could not open .	11	12	VBZ	meets	meet
initial symptoms include fever , loss of NN , and NN and eye NNS .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in british english , the spelling is JJ or NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
even fast computers RB have long NNS because their audio driver NNS are so complicated .	2	4	VBP	have	has
this NN practice VBZ its NN to need NN , convenience and - in some cases - the NN of the physicians .	2	3	VBZ	owes	owe
however , the relationship is not simple because of the restriction of the term NN to single NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
ip , especially when the supposed master account is three weeks VBP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
a consequence of that growth is that the statistics system no longer works .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
weak keep or merge NNP is a significant concept in the design of business processes and software to support those processes , and this article is about handling errors that occur in the execution of a JJ process .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
this category contains articles whose quality has been assessed by wikiproject NNP entertainment .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
the commune is on an upper NNP area , specifically the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP and NNP play - with NNP play , users can play with all characters and courses they have VBN if their other friends have the game too .	24	25	VBP	have	has
because of their NNS , the dancers are not very good .	6	7	VBP	are	is
every member gets the newsletter posted to their talk page , and it is written and coordinated by NNP .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
two citations are apparently to a NN outside the church ( unless i mistake the meaning ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the story follows protagonist harry potter , who discovers he is a wizard , and is sent to NNP school of NNP and NNP where he makes friends and receives magical training , and along with his friends stop lord NNP from returning to power .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow
NNP ( JJ ) culture is the dominant activity .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
additions include a global scouting network through most countries , which allows you to hire a scout to search for talent all season long from various clubs around the world .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
these effects are JJ to the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
therefore , a woman is a princess and can lead her own life as an individual , equal to man .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
he realizes that he is indeed , invisible , after he throws a book at the wall , and the book stays in its original spot .	20	21	VBZ	stays	stay
the video starts in a laboratory with NNP looking through the room with a NN .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
this NN occurs in the united states .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
the album 's title comes from his JJ musical number JJ by j .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come
a concept album , NNP is JJ , featuring lyrics in both languages .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the painting is in the public domain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
his most famous short story is NNP NN NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP county ( ) is a county of northeastern NNP province , china , located along the yellow sea coast where the NN takes a sharp turn toward the southeast , and VBG NNP to the north .	22	23	VBZ	takes	take
you say that the situation at NNP has no bearing on the situation at NNP .	4	7	VBZ	has	have
a google search is your best option .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP walk is commonly performed to VB music due to the particular NN ' in the beat and the movement the dancers make to keep with it .	22	23	VBP	make	makes
its seat is the village of NNP , which lies approximately south-west of NNP and south-east of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
guest NNS are typically log NNS on stone foundations .	1	2	VBP	are	is
examples of host plants used in europe are NNP , NNP and NNP , but their biology is poorly known .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the archbishop is both bishop of his diocese and NNP of sweden ; he has however no more authority than other bishops , although in effect his statements have a more widespread effect .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the football club also has one of the strongest and most loyal NN in the country .	2	4	VBZ	has	have
although expanding coverage is RB a JJ task , one aspect that could be rapidly addressed is the consistency of formats between articles .	10	16	VBZ	is	are
the threat NN VBZ the NN of the situation and VBZ how serious the situation is .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
its bill is long , straight and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the eggs of most species are white to VB white when first laid , but later turn bright orange or red .	1	5	VBP	are	is
reads output from the ab NN packages NNP ( us ) , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , pc NNP , NNP and NNP , and supports a number of other formats .	1	30	VBZ	supports	support
the newly emerged adults are not able to breed until a period of sexual NN occurs and it is during this period that the blue NN develops .	3	4	VBP	are	is
granted , the word is not as common in english as NNP , but the concept has been noted in several disciplines , which is one of the reasons i have tried to RB explain it in several examples to show these connections ( which needs more work ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
large communities are , by nature , JJ to making such decisions , and in general most people do not want to involve themselves in the dispute .	1	2	VBP	are	is
most people seem to have an inaccurate view of the process , it 's scope , and it 's participants .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems
the railway station is the NNP NNP road railway station which falls on the NNP main line and is the only major stop between NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the church is a former cathedral of the roman catholic diocese of NNP , VBD in CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the following list of NN is not complete , as some new ones have been created recently .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
other dvd release dates are unknown .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the basic cause of population NN is JJ VBG between groups , often due to their physical separation ( e .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
by far the most serious JJ event is the occurrence of acute severe JJ NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the old bar leeds university NNP union buildings sometimes require an NNP or union life membership card to be produced , or that you sign in as the guest of a card holder .	7	9	VBP	require	requires
second , if or when a majority view is relevant here , it should be the JJ majority view , not the u .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
if the NN is prepared , the monk asks the NN to practice all the advice for six months while remaining under the monk 's regular observation .	7	8	VBZ	asks	ask
the NNP key is already out there on hundreds of thousands of websites ( including one of my own ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
unknown to anyone but his mother however is the fact that NNP is a NN , VBN to transform into a wolf during the full moon and kill those who bear the mark of the NN somewhere on their person .	5	7	VBZ	is	are
a close on these terms is more likely to help the encyclopedia than to VB it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
comment this is a real game .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
in mathematics , a differential NN group is a differential JJ variety with a compatible group structure .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the concept is much the same as NNP or iso , so i believe it to be a worth while article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tree has small , JJ lateral branches forming a narrow , oval head .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
mineral water is an important export , and alcohol is JJ , much to captain NNP 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i 've temporarily removed them all until i have found out what the fix is .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this comment is for the defense of a .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each man hopes to win her NNS through their NNS .	1	2	VBZ	hopes	hope
swiss and his NN called him NNP NNP , and we can see above that the ice hockey guys are now JJ to the use of NNS for players outside of the main north american ice hockey league .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the earlier accounts of the invasion of NNP shah NNP are different from the account given in the NNP .	2	10	VBP	are	is
the moth flies in two generations from may to november .	1	2	VBZ	flies	fly
the city has a total area of 94 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
another factor is that not all operators use the NNP states .	6	7	VBP	use	uses
the JJ trail now VBZ from moon near NNP through imperial , mcdonald , cecil and peters .	2	4	VBZ	stretches	stretch
if the suspect becomes notable in his own right later on , we can easily make a split .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become
workers rely on mobile , elevated platforms or VB NNS .	0	1	VBP	rely	relies
the hill above the village , is home to the NNP ( also known as the NNP ( NNP tree ) ) , an ancient pagan sun wheel , celebrated at the NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
but even the pieces on which NNP does n't appear are JJ , especially NNP 's `` piano trio no .	3	10	VBP	are	is
the result is that the os stops delivering NNS to the program , which then VBZ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
objective ( most exceptions are to be found in NN physics ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the front , JJ portion of the house serves as a public , JJ space .	4	8	VBZ	serves	serve
NNP is an unreliable source simply because his allegations are consistently JJ when compared to the NN of evidence from reliable sources .	8	9	VBP	are	is
this turned out to be a tactical NN ; when the british army under general john NNP arrived in july , NNP did exactly what NNP warned about and had his engineers place artillery on the hill .	31	32	VBP	place	places
the warriors that had gone to fight the god king were revealed to be just JJ NNS of NNP and the ancestor , whose name is NNP , is the son of one of the NNS .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the very real issue of sources and blp NNS , i only see a few mentions of the fact that because a subject is notable on another wikipedia site does not make it so here .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the model identifies clear patterns and trends that reflect brands growth , decay and recovery for focused marketing efforts .	1	2	VBZ	identifies	identify
the body he directly controls retains the intelligence and magic power , while the body that was given to NNP retained his physical strength .	1	5	VBZ	retains	retain
NNS could be plain , be animated , play sounds , or both .	8	9	VBZ	sounds	sound
NNP acids are large biological molecules essential for all known forms of life .	1	2	VBP	are	is
take a look at list of NNS in cheshire , where most entries have several sources .	12	13	VBP	have	has
NNP NNS and NNP NNS play an important role in NN NN according to the NNP mechanism .	1	5	VBP	play	plays
whilst technically possible , NN aircraft do not VB when in battle , so this mode of operation is RB irrelevant .	15	18	VBZ	is	are
however , as reviewers , as the guidelines now stand , they are asked to ignore the NNS and accept edits that they would never themselves make , or would even revert if they where VBD across on a watchlist or while VBG .	7	9	VBP	stand	stands
her tour now includes 30 songs .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include
the player receives a blow to the outside of the NN , causing the NN to roll NNS ( so that the sole of the foot faces RB ) .	22	26	VBZ	faces	face
wikipedia NNS VBZ a notable event , and the versions differ .	9	10	VBP	differ	differs
also the other image from the film is not JJ - it is a free image .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
that place happens to be NNP and NNP learns about NNP ( NNP NNP ) and NNP , who are two notorious NNS ruling the city with an iron NN .	1	2	VBZ	happens	happen
then , regarding the gng , ( i ) significant coverage means that sources address the subject directly in detail , and no original research is needed to extract the content .	13	14	VBP	address	addresses
in the first , when a ron candidate is elected , all other candidates below ron are declared not to be elected and the counting process stops , the election is then JJ for that and all other JJ positions .	25	26	VBZ	stops	stop
high incident is a police drama series produced by NNP television for the abc network .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NN explaining how the user enjoys watching these editors because they 're `` JJ '' really makes me question the NN of why this page was made .	1	17	VBZ	makes	make
symbolic NNS use NNP NNP VBG language .	1	2	VBP	use	uses
delete per the above update ( making the group lose all wp notability whatsoever ) , and because the page is still a big ad .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
one could say , for example , `` a man whose children died , bar NN , is JJ .	9	17	VBZ	is	are
the hastings plant is unique in that there are traffic signals approximately 0 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
no , NNS do n't RB VB electrons to form NNS because NNS are heavier them the sum of the masses of an electron and a NN so that there is an energy gap that would have to be VBN in order for the reaction to occur .	12	13	VBP	are	is
david NNP has concluded that it is one of the most reliable phenomena in cognitive psychology although research about the NN NN is relatively new , it is an interesting feature of JJ memory .	17	22	VBZ	is	are
the female cast members are going about their daily business when a totally naked man walks across the screen , gets off from bus etc .	14	15	VBZ	walks	walk
the school is one of the pioneer secondary schools in the constituency of NNP NNP NNP and has hosted two other schools , NNP secondary school and NNP secondary school in its 12 year history .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the NN is several NNS long and is accompanied by a NN which is longer than the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the district includes the cities of NNP , NNP park , NNP , garden grove , santa ana , NNP and westminster .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
the mascot is the `` NNP '' , a man NN in red , white and blue american revolution era NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the musicians are the only two who survive , and after they VBP out of the NN , the movie ends with them singing their song .	1	2	VBP	are	is
spiral bacteria combine some of the characteristics NN ( small NNS ) and of NNS ( more surface area on which JJ forces can act ) and the ability to form an JJ set of cells to build NNS .	1	2	VBP	combine	combines
generation CD is a female NNP and romantic interest of NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
his page is subject to a repeated edits for NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
on the third day , NNP is the one who discovers that NNP , the woman eric has decided to marry instead , is actually NNP .	15	23	VBZ	is	are
whether or not the actual NN is notable has no bearing on whether or not this website is notable .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
in addition to the dutch and swiss national card games NNP and NNP , the group contains NNP , which is the most popular game in countries such as france , bulgaria , cyprus and saudi arabia .	15	16	VBZ	contains	contain
when scenes are presented without an NNP , the change is easily JJ .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
one rider sits in between the legs of the first rider .	1	2	VBZ	sits	sit
those are verifiable in a way that JJ comments are not .	8	9	VBP	are	is
the park itself consists of a series of marked trails covering and is VBN by the NNP river , a tributary of the connecticut river .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist
regarding the article mentioning his cameo where he is VBN a million times , this blog supports that ( although this may not be the most notable or reliable source ) .	15	16	VBZ	supports	support
pink , vic NNP and lawrence NNP all redirect to reservoir dogs now , the debate is over .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
the largest stream VBG solely within the county is salmon creek , which VBZ at vancouver lake before eventually flowing into the columbia river .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
edits appear to be very similar , like the recreation of the article of saint michael 's school of NNP and a very similar article named st .	0	1	VBP	appear	appears
NN models have only a NN jack .	1	2	VBP	have	has
through the access to the NN from the sea , many fish species enter into the NN to search for food .	12	13	VBP	enter	enters
the line runs from a passenger station at monument , around the main NN , before crossing a bridge and passing through a tunnel to reach the second station where the main NNS are located .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run
the loss leaves michigan on the ncaa tournament NN , and sends minnesota into the NNS to play JJ iowa .	1	2	VBZ	leaves	leave
the first broadcast is the results of the presidential election .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP modules , and modules are now commonly designated with `` pc '' JJ numbers ( NNP , NNP or NNP - although the actual meaning of the numbers has changed ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is
most NNS are in northern iowa and southern minnesota , NNP NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
i 'm wondering if the sound is present anywhere in spanish .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
one leg of the railroad heads northwest from the city of marion , passes through the grant county communities of NNP and NNP , then crosses into miami county at NNP and NNS at NNP .	1	5	VBZ	heads	head
the river flows parallel and north of the canal by several kilometres and , in this flat area of the NNP 's old JJ valley , forms JJ NNS which reduce the water velocity in the river .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
the main building , the church , is directly opposite the junction with stone church road .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the earliest histories published in the northern states commonly refer to the civil war as `` the great rebellion '' or `` the war of the rebellion '' , as do many war monuments .	2	9	VBP	refer	refers
the length of NNP lake is around CD and the width is around CD .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the unique aspect of gameplay in NNP is the fact that the game proceeds not only in many instances of space , but also in many instances of time .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the `` world '' theme incorporates 5 NNS located from different regions across the globe ( 5 NNS from different countries ) .	4	5	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
this point system determines the winner of the house championship each year ( announced at a final assembly ) .	2	3	VBZ	determines	determine
six other species are also closely associated with NN , but do so in edge habitat in this environment ; along rivers , in JJ NNS , off trees VBG NNS or on JJ NNS above the main NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
this article is about the JJ features of the population of bosnia and herzegovina , including population density , ethnicity , education level , health of the NN , economic status , religious NNS and other aspects of the population .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
an individual NN because he VBZ the child that is in himself .	2	5	VBZ	recognises	recognise
this article presents a detailed timeline of the history of the NNP republic from its legendary foundation to its collapse under the efforts of napoleon .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present
the prime purpose of the NNP is the promotion of NNP and , more generally , JJ and general health both in europe and worldwide by means of research , education and further development of its science .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the first section of line 1 has a length of 8 .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
the red body , slow NN flight , bright NN and pattern of the wings are meant to indicate to predators that this butterfly is JJ , being well protected by the NNS it has VBN from its NN food plant .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
according to the press release , the snake `` tends to live by streams where it catches NNS and other small animals .	7	9	VBZ	tends	tend
the route turns southeast and runs through more NN and woodland .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn
i would also like to point out that the NNP book citations are rarely alone at the end of a sentence because he VBZ and VBZ another source almost every cite .	11	12	VBP	are	is
the fact that he painted the NN is relevant .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the population of NNP , NNP is JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
it also supports the NNP belief in the people part of the NNP NN , while also supporting the belief that only these members of the NNP NN are RB pure .	23	28	VBP	are	is
whether or not this is the case seems to depend on a complicated mix of stuff like whether the item is given away as a general promotion or with some other item and for he later case whether the other item itself is tax free or not .	40	42	VBZ	is	are
the court also reviews the rules of professional conduct and has established rules governing the admission of members of the district of columbia bar and the resolution of complaints concerning the JJ practice of law in the district of columbia .	1	3	VBZ	reviews	review
the NNP tools package adds drivers and NNS to improve the JJ performance , including mouse tracking , for different guest operating systems .	3	4	VBZ	adds	add
NNP 's research VBZ NNS , protein structure NN , NNS and high performance computing ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBZ	investigates	investigate
the nearest church of ireland church is at NNP and there is a methodist church in ireland church at NNP , approximately 2 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
bar railway is a standard gauge railway , long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this rivalry is the more historic of the two , and the main rivalry , dating back to when marcus and NNP were the only two class CD high schools in the NNP independent school district ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
generally the NN either NN or VBZ the skin enough that the lines VBP for a few minutes .	12	13	VBP	disappear	disappears
NNP pages mentions units link to this page , with each page then written using whatever units the individual author chooses to use ( often the one unit they understand ) .	1	2	VBP	mentions	mention
the main income sources of the village are agriculture and NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is
the mass of the bullet is no different from the perspective of the bullet .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the half rest ( or VB rest ) VBZ a silence for the same duration .	2	8	VBZ	denotes	denote
the zoo features adjacent NN zones for JJ and JJ animals , which are arranged so that the animals appear to be sharing the same space .	18	19	VBP	appear	appears
RB , the society resembles the united states .	3	4	VBZ	resembles	resemble
good quality NN articles are hard to find in wikipedia .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the NNS are currently part of the NNP NNP ( ix ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is
VBG article histories is pretty extreme , let 's first see if the picture is [ [ fair use ] ] .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
when the police find a NNP uniform in the NNP 's NN , kyle and the men realize that gerald was the NNP man that NNP saw .	16	17	VBP	realize	realizes
c major concerto reflects NNP 's NN of the styles of mozart and NNP , while its JJ JJ NNS demonstrate NNP 's musical personality .	19	20	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates
the period of political NN ends with the return to power of NNP NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	ends	end
this page shows people who contribute to the olympic conventions forum .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
in addition to his many years on `` general hospital , '' his television credits include JJ roles in three 's company , the white shadow , too close for comfort and charlie 's angels .	14	15	VBP	include	includes
when NNP returns home with a JJ baby , she claims the child is her son .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
this enzyme is present rat brain and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the free energy change at equilibrium is zero since the chemical NNS of NNS and products are equal at equilibrium .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the main religion of NNPS in this region is islam .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
since abdul NNP was the prime minister who established diplomatic relations with the people 's republic of china , all chinese NNS make a courtesy call on NNP upon arriving in malaysia .	21	22	VBP	make	makes
in winter , the mountain is part of a ski area .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
stones are generally of scottish sandstone or granite .	0	1	VBP	are	is
older census results show a higher share of romanian ( NNP ) population , but due to the NNP process from the 20th century , their number dramatically decreased in favor of the NNP .	2	3	VBP	show	shows
native plants also support populations of native birds , insects , and other animals that they VBD with , thus promoting a healthy community of organisms .	1	3	VBP	support	supports
this NN complex leads him to convince NNP to steal NNP .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead
information on the event itself goes in the convention 's own article .	0	5	VBZ	goes	go
it was also one of the first vehicles to use JJ construction ( where the body is an integral part of the chassis ) .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
for more information about the NNP and how this program works , see NNP , m .	9	10	VBZ	works	work
that was closed JJ consensus ' , but should almost certainly have been closed NNP ' and the closing admin agrees here , but we felt VBG made sense due to age of that , and the changes in afd rules .	19	20	VBZ	agrees	agree
the companies VBG the NNP release model are NNP pictures and NNP pictures .	1	7	VBP	are	is
at the physical layer the signal is either transmitted using a serial protocol over two NNS , or using a fast protocol over five NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the original house still exists and the current owners RB call it `` the NNP 's cottage '' .	8	10	VBP	call	calls
the solution here is for everyone to pay the disposal fee for each item when they buy it , like the bottle deposit some of us pay now .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
my last concern is that NNP appears to sometimes block in anger .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
sentenced 's fifth full-length album , frozen , was also recorded at the NNP studios , and released in 1998 , its style is similar to down .	22	23	VBZ	is	are
the text is a copy , a copy of facts !	1	2	VBZ	IS	ARE
that the character has been in 10 games does not show notability , as the games are not secondary sources .	15	16	VBP	are	is
its climate is JJ , mild and very NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it 's what the page is for .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
high street this small JJ , JJ , JJ building has two NNS plus NNS , with NNS .	9	10	VBZ	has	have
places where they are relatively common include the west coat of NNP , denmark .	0	6	VBP	include	includes
women who seek a divorce are also often victims of honour NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is
week 13 tasks NNP song contest 2 - all of the NNS had to sing and perform covers of songs that big brother gave to them .	16	17	VBZ	covers	cover
today , the firm 's core business is in private banking , asset management , and investment banking , serving private , corporate and institutional clients .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the most popular inland locations include warsaw ( NNP NNP ) , NNP NNP and NNP near NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes
not VBG talk page comments , lengthy edit summary comments , NN on the same pages as before , and excessive VBG upon discovery that users are socks .	25	26	VBP	are	is
the name VBZ to `` river people .	1	2	VBZ	translates	translate
the device NN page says `` send yes , receive auto '' .	3	4	VBZ	says	say
depending on how the region is defined , its largest village is either NNP or NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
the station is unique in many ways as it was built out of stones from a west street quarry that belonged to NNP resident NNP gilbert .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the google hits are private blogs , NNS and the like .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as it was meant to be read from below , the bottom letters are slightly smaller than the top letters , to give proper perspective .	12	13	VBP	are	is
the NNS of angels is generally widely contested within traditional JJ judaism ; there is , however , a wide range of views on what angels actually are , and how literally one should interpret biblical passages associated with them .	25	27	VBP	are	is
the response from NNP ( see below ) is that an NN of NN is subjective and arbitrary and hence JJ .	11	14	VBZ	is	are
the similarities between NNP , NN , and NNP make differential diagnosis essential .	1	9	VBP	make	makes
the official remix has 2 versions .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
the east stand is a 1 , NN covered standing terrace , commonly referred to as the shed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the building itself has a NN of 5 , CD .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the story VBZ around NNP 's love towards NNP NNP but at the same time NNP was in love with NNP , NNP and NNP as usual give their hit NNS .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve
in fact , the indigenous name for this tree is NNP meaning `` old man in the water '' .	5	9	VBZ	is	are
the album that marks the debut on the new label is `` JJ nova '' , which brought many classics of the genre and also VBD a dvd .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
special features include JJ car and NNS , and cabin pressure control to help passengers VB RB to pressure changes .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the NN NN model ( NNP ) is a method of VBG a company based on the theory that a stock is worth the JJ sum of all of its future NN payments .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
my other concern is about a link from said articles .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NN ceremony typically occurs in the february following the NN year .	2	4	VBZ	occurs	occur
this category is for NNP parishes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the college provides a program for 53 disabled students with additional funding provided through the program for students with a disability ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
her main weapons are a pair of dual NNS , which she uses with great expertise and she had been in possession of since she was forced to kill her friend NNP with them during her childhood at the NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the six basic numbers are 1 to 5 , and 10 .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the game takes place in an JJ urban area called the city , based on the west coast of the united states ( in particular california 's bay area ) .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take
when parts fail during use or abuse , understanding the NNS that occur within those parts can be crucial to meaningful interpretation of failure analysis data .	1	2	VBP	fail	fails
JJ NNS are also primary NNS in conducting tests to measure lung function and teaching people to manage NN , chronic JJ JJ disorder among many other NN and lung functions .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the general orientation of the pyramid complex of NNP is north-west however and not JJ as is more common .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's corner includes JJ trainer NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
NNP papers , including correspondence , news NNS and office files , are available for research use at the historical society of pennsylvania .	1	12	VBP	are	is
its headquarters are in the town of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
an expansion of the wii remote , the fighting stick wii is an arcade style controller with NN with the JJ functionality of the classic controller ( the l and r buttons have no analog functionality , and analog NNS are not included ) .	31	32	VBP	have	has
this ring system has little JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
reply bart - the italian JJ policy is not the issue for this afd .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
this article is about the element of a track .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the JJS method to achieve this is by gravity and can be seen in the NN example .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the last issue of the saturday evening post hits magazine stands .	2	8	VBZ	hits	hit
while NNP VBZ , his wife takes a walk , and encounters henri .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take
the college offers bachelor of arts or science degrees in various JJ fields .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer
support - no reason to have JJR , VBP policies when one stronger , JJ policy very RB does the trick .	15	18	VBZ	does	do
the NNP tube uses JJ NN , in the same manner as the first generation tubes did , with a NNP included .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use
that article has no history , so i ca n't check if it changed recently .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
senators serve four-year terms without term limits .	0	1	VBP	serve	serves
this is the first story to state that there is a NN to the number of times that a time lord can VB , and that this number is twelve .	27	28	VBZ	is	are
also women with a JJ form of NNP usually have a very good NN .	1	9	VBP	have	has
JJ objects and JJ objects have an elementary interaction with JJ objects and JJ objects .	1	5	VBP	have	has
placement marriage is a practice that RB belongs to the NNP church , although there may be some similarities between the beliefs in marriage practices with the latter day church of christ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's descendants are the NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
the local public school system includes 8 early learning programs , 6 elementary schools ( 4 in NNP ) , the NNP middle school , an alternative school and the NNP senior high school .	4	5	VBZ	includes	include
for example , a JJ photograph of the NNP lisa is JJ for copyright .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
richard NNP 2003 have found evidence for this theory , noting that in societies where NN is lower , JJ NN and happiness tend to be higher .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
this scheme allows NNS of electronic records management systems to submit their products for formal compliance testing .	1	2	VBZ	allows	allow
i definitely think a conversation needs to be had .	4	5	VBZ	needs	need
that NNP does not often hold opinions that many other people agree with is a dangerous reason to ban him .	10	11	VBP	agree	agrees
the home version of the game has a base which can be split and VBN to fit through narrow NNS and comes in red or black .	2	6	VBZ	has	have
a related measure is the JJ divorce rate which measures the number of NNS per 1 , 000 women married to men , so that JJ persons , e .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the current principal is julie warwick .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
while many of the NNS have broken off during transport , the remaining NNS and stubs have to be VBN .	13	16	VBP	have	has
in most cases , it will leave just a few NNS of blood , or spots , floating in a person 's visual field , though the spots often go away after a few hours .	27	29	VBP	go	goes
once inside john 's group have a running NN to the main frame with john being VBN in front of it on a rope , just as the second group VBZ in causing an NN that VBZ the power facility .	29	30	VBZ	succeeds	succeed
in more complicated positions , NN is much NN , usually taking the form of a NN that VBZ only if the superior side is JJ .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
over time a player is able to dive through a JJ NN , a JJ airplane , a pirate ship , a JJ luxury liner , a submarine and an JJ temple .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the article states no claim for notability , or a clear explanation of what the subject actually is .	15	17	VBZ	is	are
degree programs include a bachelor of arts in business administration .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the interior is nearly flat and relatively JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
what i said above is of course assuming that the person drives an average number of miles in an average car .	10	11	VBZ	drives	drive
all the 12 articles are about estonian JJ NNS mostly formed during the era of silence under JJ president NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is
as of 2011 , the city has an estimated population of 36 , CD .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
a result of successful cooperation of the german cancer research center with other partners is the first new building for `` the national center for NNP diseases '' ( NNP ) in NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are
members engage in political organizing , NN , cultural events , research and writing , and internal meetings .	0	1	VBP	engage	engages
other real people characterized in the novel are the famous publisher john murray and dr .	2	7	VBP	are	is
RB VBG factory is the main employer in the village .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
keep , i think the fact that she is JJ news on the bbc is enough grounds to warrant her an article .	5	14	VBZ	is	are
gng also states , `` presumed '' means that JJ coverage in reliable sources VBZ a NN , not a guarantee , that a subject is suitable for inclusion .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
computer modeling and simulation suggest that random processes during infection drive the selection of NN or VB within individual cells .	7	10	VBP	drive	drives
both rivers have small NNS that allow for development and agriculture .	1	2	VBP	have	has
article is about a local lawsuit with no demonstration that this is n't simply news .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
because the NN introduces a third component ( NN ) , the table becomes JJ .	12	13	VBZ	becomes	become
but with air resistance , the heavier object will have a higher terminal velocity because the force of gravity on it is higher and hence , a higher velocity is require to create the higher air resistance required to balance the JJ force .	28	29	VBZ	is	are
she later battles against marie NNP inside the NNP star alongside NNP and NNP NNP , and , despite the NN odds , the three manage to destroy the queen 's child , though the subsequent explosion seems to kill all three NNP as well .	36	37	VBZ	seems	seem
the origin of vital statistics begins as early as 1869 while the number of NNS and deaths can be obtained by NN at certain points in time ( e .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin
the ground colour is dark JJ with an obscure pattern of JJ lines and bands .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
now , of course , western culture extends far beyond the JJ western hemisphere , and australia is definitely a western country .	6	7	VBZ	extends	extend
most departments and research center are in here .	1	5	VBP	are	is
or do you NNS seem to want to give off the impression that you are watching our every move .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems
well-known and JJ NNS justified this NN , and those results are my NN for asking permission to VB the world through your columns with what VBZ , not only us in great britain , but all parts of the earth as about to happen in the coming year .	10	11	VBP	are	is
combining modern and JJ elements , NNP 's style is JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
almost all people develop a strong NN between the hands , forming a preference for either the right hand or the left hand .	2	3	VBP	develop	develops
he attempted to hang on to the hull with both hands , but was forced to let go when activists beat his hands and pulled him down by his legs .	19	20	VBP	beat	beats
the first land for the NNP was purchased in 1943 , and the mission of the NNP is to VB NN deer and VB VBG habitat .	13	17	VBZ	is	are
NN is a graduate of the french national academy of dramatic arts ( NNP ) where she studied under the direction of NNP NNP , daniel NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
this backup helps prevent the problems that VBP VBG of the original file would cause .	1	2	VBZ	helps	help
some have claimed that photographs taken there show JJ NN and other strange phenomenon associated with JJ photography .	4	7	VBP	show	shows
the third bridge in the centre of perth is a railway bridge , carrying trains to and from the railway station , half a mile to the north-west .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the song is about a man who is in love with his partner , but it turns out the partner is a gay , which the man realizes later on after being given an NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
additionally , the NNP interpretation requires grain to have taken root prior to the NNP offering for it to become permitted ; therefore , NNS planted after NNP could only be consumed JJ JJ twelve months later .	4	5	VBZ	requires	require
i think it would be helpful if john and NNP kept their JJ dispute and their own personal NNS out of the question of whether or not the article the article meets the ga criteria .	30	31	VBZ	meets	meet
this page is a category related to wikiproject idol series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
four police officers arrive at the house .	2	3	VBP	arrive	arrives
i think underlying this approach is a JJ assumption that scientific views are like religious beliefs - you are either born with them , or you adopt them for life .	11	12	VBP	are	is
this festival draws pottery NNS from all over the country .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
the author speaks about valentine 's day , the true value of friendship , her own creative process , and also demonstrates how to make a variety of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	speaks	speak
i thought , `` i 'm not afraid of anybody , because my daughter is dead and you ca n't hurt me anymore .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
this NN limits the pool of missions available to the player .	1	2	VBZ	limits	limit
the library 's main entrance is located on the east wing ; the entrance is a NN supported by columns and topped with a NN and a NN reading `` public library '' .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
television NNS are available only in NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is
this practice remains common at other friends schools ( e .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the population in the municipality of NNP is mostly JJ , produced by NNP , whites and indigenous people .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
they are often found in places where human activities are most intense and they are sometimes accidentally caught by the local people who live in the lower NNP basin .	8	9	VBP	are	is
NNP 's results are close to those achieved by professional human NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the NN of the individual towards oral surgery is a common reason for carrying this procedure out under general JJ .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in linear NN , the use of the NNS NN is justified by the NNP theorem , which does not assume that the distribution is normal .	23	24	VBZ	is	are
a healthy eye has a clear NN map .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
with the advent of genetic testing to establish NN , this tradition is expected to be revised in due course , once islamic scholars are able to review and VB it .	23	24	VBP	are	is
these rocks rise up almost RB out of the ocean .	1	2	VBP	rise	rises
NNP ties are railway ties that are VBN by hand , usually with a NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
while the route map clearly shows this line in 1900 , other sources equally RB date it to the summer of 1907 .	3	5	VBZ	shows	show
i think this list needs much more images - if not with the actual characters then with the ancient gods that they are based on .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
their home field is NNP high school in west NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the reason why the underground map is on here , is the fact that it is a different version to the official one ( NN ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
telephone cables have moderate voltage and current associated with cables leading moderate electric current or VBG electrical signals .	1	2	VBP	have	has
due to the JJ nature of the material some atoms have a JJ bond .	9	10	VBP	have	has
medical school at NNP is a four-year program , with two years of training located at the JJ campus and the final two years taking place JJ during clinical NNS .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
when the self is out of balance , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the high school is the only high school in the NNP independent school district and serves south NNP county and portions of newton county .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
a NN plan is underway to improve NNS in the city and to VB NNP systems in NNP buses and bus stops so as to provide reliable information about bus NNS .	20	21	VBZ	stops	stop
most functional programming languages , such as NNP , NNP , and NNP , have NN collection built in .	3	14	VBP	have	has
the NNS of these 5 daughters and one son are in hundreds now , settled in india and pakistan .	1	9	VBP	are	is
in NNP 's last appearance of 1964 , NNP becomes NNP 's guardian when the martin family moves to australia to teach agriculture .	16	17	VBZ	moves	move
release NN NNS each offer their own unique list of release ceremonies to choose from .	2	4	VBP	offer	offers
programs on NNP include local news blocks in morning drive and NNS , national talk show hosts dave NNP , clark howard , and dr .	0	3	VBP	include	includes
the issue put to the court was whether the requirement of canadian citizenship for admission to the british columbia bar is an NN upon or NN of the equality rights guaranteed by s .	9	20	VBZ	is	are
the final judgment falls to your responsibility .	2	3	VBZ	falls	fall
the JJ centre of the vale ( as indicated on maps ) is around the bottom of NNP vale road .	2	12	VBZ	is	are
weak delete - the allmusic refs are completely empty of content .	5	6	VBP	are	is
the mechanism of NNP is not completely understood .	1	4	VBZ	is	are
NNP soon follows and finds that the back of the lift is a portal to a NN in earth 's orbit .	7	11	VBZ	is	are
when racing , the above skills need to be VBN and additional skills and techniques learned , such as the application of the `` racing rules of sailing '' , boat handling skills when starting and when VBG marks , and knowledge of tactics and strategy .	5	6	VBP	need	needs
a JJ sample is JJ that has come from the NN and can be provided or taken NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the next range towards the east is the NNP , with the same geological composition as the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the village has a population of around 4 , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the cancer is JJ marginal zone NN , a rare form of nhl , that accounts for only one to three percent of all cases .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each neighborhood has access to its own commercial center , urban park , and health and education infrastructure .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the death of jean NNP '' is a JJ story arc featuring the popular marvel comics comic book NN spider-man .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
a musical scale represents a division of the JJ space into a certain number of scale steps , a scale step being the JJ distance ( or interval ) between two successive notes of the scale .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent
the two sisters are finally able to look into each other 's eyes in human form .	2	3	VBP	are	is
in this way , a digital video dialogue VBZ which contains a genuine sense of mutual sharing and exchange .	7	8	VBZ	emerges	emerge
the implementation of pursuing profit is where issues can occur .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the former capitals also have their NNS listed on this article .	2	4	VBP	have	has
in the swamp , NNP and frank trade VBG NN as NNP VBZ for dinner by lying out a table cloth and VBG a JJ glass .	7	12	VBZ	prepares	prepare
in all cases , the device is in a state of unstable equilibrium from which slight movements may be VBN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
note - the order listed below is from the original NNP records release of february , 1995 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
a JJ deaf individual is someone who was born with a hearing loss or someone whose hearing loss occurred before they began to speak .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
you guys are enough to drive the most JJ man insane !	1	2	VBP	are	is
her books include the NNP series , out of this world ( a NN to the NNP and first released as NNP ) , dark summer , frozen in time , NNP thinking , the monster makers series , s .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
in fact , his mountain is full of gold , but as soon as he VBZ it up , he puts it back again .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
joe , deciding that the land is now worth the price , VBZ a house and connects a garage to ray 's NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
the mercury symbol VBZ the former NN mining within municipal limits .	2	3	VBZ	recalls	recall
the project aims to build the communication ability and confidence of children so that they can stand at par with the rest of the world .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim
the title VBZ as blue eyes of the broken doll .	1	2	VBZ	translates	translate
some special aspects of NNS include handling of NN ( different possibilities of performing the same movement ) , collision NN , and NN NN .	2	5	VBP	include	includes
once past the shed the steam locomotive yard is in view , with the inspection pit and preparation area .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the experts are far more JJ if you sign up for a class .	1	2	VBP	are	is
latest NN rumors suggest that the producers are releasing the film very shortly .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests
the club 's present building , begun in 1907 and completed in 1909 , is a historic landmark designed by notable architect martin NNP , and is arguably the first `` gothic NN '' .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
the creators of NNP say they will implement these later , or RBR if someone pays them to do so .	1	4	VBP	say	says
preliminary round of the ukrainian cup football competition takes place .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take
NNP tv channel gives awards to shows broadcast on its station in the previous year .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
family members VBP to the NN with particular behavioral patterns .	1	2	VBP	react	reacts
the portion from NNP to NNP bridge , in both directions , is especially vulnerable to JJ traffic NNS .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP species belong to a group known as NNS in english , sometimes also JJ caps in north america or NNS in new zealand .	1	2	VBP	belong	belongs
NNP NNP NNP NNP former first lady of ghana , becomes first person to pick up a form to seek the presidential nomination of the ruling party ( NNP ) .	6	10	VBZ	becomes	become
although the electrons in the NN band are always moving around , a completely full NN band is JJ , not conducting any current .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP section takes a bit less than three days to walk .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
each village contains two to eight NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
windows uses structured exception handling to report page JJ invalid NNS as access violation exceptions , and NNP ( and NNP ) systems typically use signals , such as NNP , to report these error conditions to programs .	22	24	VBP	use	uses
whereas JJ notes are evidence of a loan , they are not the same as loan agreements .	2	3	VBP	are	is
colorado springs , colorado , where her parents live .	7	8	VBP	live	lives
the JJ figure of the NN consists of six flat regular NNS , meeting in pairs at each of the 30 NNS .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist
my hat is off to you , mr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
a NNP funded program of india 's ministry of external affairs brings women from villages in rural africa ( which do not have electricity ) to the school for training , after which they return with new skills to install solar electricity in their villages .	3	11	VBZ	brings	bring
the standard addition approach involves VBG the same sample extract with several known concentrations of NN .	3	4	VBZ	involves	involve
various NN tourism NNS have seen business boom during the NN thanks to RB low costs of living and a slow world job market suggesting NNS are VBG trips where their money travels further .	31	32	VBZ	travels	travel
the NNP language 's NN type is NNP with NN to NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
other NNS or conditions which can VB JJ muscle NN are JJ heart failure and liver disease .	1	10	VBP	are	is
the common NNP 's song is a loud NN NN NN NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this article has no sources to quote , simply because it is its own source for information .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the races now feature men 's and women 's teams racing on specially built NNS at the new recreation east complex at ninth and NNP streets .	1	3	VBP	feature	features
the best possible outcome is that these articles spur community interest and immediately start getting revised and improved .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the page on that sex aid makes no mention of this NNP .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make
the many NNS who call NNP home consider any NN a fair mark , and the JJ roads and NNS are dangerous to travel alone .	17	20	VBP	are	is
repeated levels only differ from those of the first round in the NN timing patterns of the game .	1	3	VBP	differ	differs
the actual ceremony involved VBG water over the JJ groups of men and women , although it is possible that their heads were VBN instead , and VBN with the NN .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
live at the NNP east features many blues covers , such as chuck berry 's `` sweet little sixteen '' , and `` roll over NNP '' and also willie dixon 's NNP , which was also covered by cream on their album wheels of fire .	0	5	VBZ	features	feature
two older rooms and the NN are open to the public , and are VBN with period NNS .	2	6	VBP	are	is
arguably the cause of the tournament goes back to NNP NNP in march , where steve austin won the NNP championship .	2	6	VBZ	goes	go
also make sure to provide context to the reader - my understanding is that wrestling matches are VBN ( or at least the broad NNS and planned outcomes are ) .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
house on duty takes care of morning talk and general topics during the assembly .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
fair use in NNS ( song ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
in this second part , NNP has conceived a violent NN for NNP , whose husband has ( perhaps not surprisingly ) returned to the life of a NN .	15	16	VBZ	has	have
the ultimate NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP camps create a feeling that the academic community has a constructive role to play in the development of the society .	1	2	VBP	create	creates
i would also need to explain what the statistical categories mean , i have however added the percentage of workers employed in the public sector .	9	10	VBP	mean	means
the steel core is to resist the full JJ force developed in the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the article 's writer puts as a NN quote a comment by a JJ journal that NNP makes a `` significant contribution '' that `` could one day '' lead to disease NNS .	3	4	VBZ	puts	put
VBG 's work VBZ children to a world where NN is JJ ' and where authority is determined solely by one 's NN .	2	3	VBZ	invites	invite
main image is JJ dennis NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
another thing is that it guards from vandalism added to the introduction since something added without citing new sources can easily be removed whereas now it is harder to justify its removal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
previous versions , such as this version , seem to indicate the topic itself may some day be worth an article .	1	8	VBP	seem	seems
although most newly VBN proteins can VB in absence of NNS , a minority strictly requires them for the same .	13	15	VBZ	requires	require
the modern languages department runs weekly french and spanish clubs .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run
sounds like a person to me , and his voice seems totally normal to me .	9	10	VBZ	seems	seem
if anyone believes the image belongs there , just revert .	4	5	VBZ	belongs	belong
lucky discovers that all of these are NNP dogs , or NNS , that were together before the big NNP , and hold hope that their owners will come back for them .	1	6	VBP	are	is
he even called `` nationalist '' users such as NNP and myself , even though both of us have a pretty strong record of being JJ ( both NNP and NNP , and even NNP muslim ) on numerous other issues .	6	18	VBP	have	has
the initial vote is a `` first impression '' vote .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
located in NNP NNP NNP , near the city of NNP , the university is named after king NNP the great , and the campus contains a large statue of him .	24	25	VBZ	contains	contain
all the power used to light the park is solar .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
botanical gardens provide an excellent medium for communication between the world of botanical science and the general public .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
the seventh movement includes words from the CD book of common prayer burial service ( `` i heard a voice from heaven .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include
it is always a puzzle to me why , when almost all modern trends seem to be to reduce JJ complexity in languages , such complexity ever originally developed , especially in `` primitive '' times .	13	14	VBP	seem	seems
an JJ purchase or JJ buying is an JJ decision to buy a product or service , made just before a purchase .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
that said , these guidelines on how to face a mountain lion are probably not too far off for african lions .	4	12	VBP	are	is
using detailed images from nasa 's mars reconnaissance NNP , the researchers VBP that there may have been increased volcanic activity , JJ impacts , or NNS in mars ' orbit during this period to warm mars ' atmosphere enough to VB the abundant ice present in the ground .	11	12	VBP	speculate	speculates
this is exactly what the international context is about and makes NNP a permanent reference for new NNS .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the city , due to its elevation , is relatively cold for brazilian standards .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
while speaking to a sex worker she met while attempting to enter russia , alex told her `` NNS are god 's proof we can have a second chance at life .	18	19	VBP	are	is
if the answer to both question is negative , then my vote is for delete as the dish fails to be verifiable .	17	18	VBZ	fails	fail
the NN 's new best friend ; as the internet VBZ the encyclopedia , the editor of a new dictionary asks if this is the end for the JJ reference book london evening standard , august 9 , 2004 ( not online ) .	5	20	VBZ	asks	ask
the quarter itself has over 30 , 000 residents and two primary schools .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
the book is sufficiently notable that it should have a minor characters page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
their music draws influence from NN , JJ rock , blues , punk rock , progressive rock , soul , jazz , experimental rock with JJ recording , VBG approach , intense NN work and unusual song structures .	2	3	VBP	influence	influences
NNS ' compositions are based RB on folk music , their style is romantic and their NN NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
NNP theory states that an organization has 12 management processes ( NNP ) that drive performance on six desired organizational characteristics ( NNP ) .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
they believe that any form of movement other than walking the way they do is JJ .	4	14	VBZ	is	are
quartet members are NNP NNP alto NNP , bill NNP piano , bob NNP bass , joe NNP drums .	1	2	VBP	are	is
services typically have a NNP interface ( web services description language ) that any NNP client can use to VB the service , regardless of which platform the service is hosted on .	0	2	VBP	have	has
the submarine is to be modified in NNP shipyard with better access for general public and to be VBN in the NNP river that cross the city .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the tours cover a variety of subjects and include cultural NNS as well as natural history courses and music festivals .	1	2	VBP	cover	covers
national albums chart with singles `` taking the town '' peaked at no .	1	2	VBP	chart	charts
the club 's main sponsor is NNP , a czech energy company .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
fair use for NNP wonder 's original NNP image is being linked here ; though the picture is subject to copyright i ( NNP ) feel it is covered by the u .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
the sources provide no verification of anything in the article , and i came up a total blank searching at google books and google news .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides
life in color is an united JJ tour founded by sebastian NNP , paul campbell , NNP and NNP NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
it tells the story of pittsburgh private detective carroll NNP , whose personal life is in NN , and who VBZ a series of JJ NNS organizations dedicated to preserving the steel industry and finds violence , insurance fraud , and murder .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the diet is likely to consist of small NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the article explicitly addresses the way leading NNS are handled .	1	3	VBZ	addresses	address
many people believe the double nose increases their JJ discrimination abilities ; however , there is no research to indicate whether the double nose is a benefit or a NN .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
the bridge consists of two lanes ( one lane each way ) and is accessible to NNS .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
such a thing is a directory and wikipedia is not a directory .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
NNP , that the vowel points are the invention of the NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
members are not , however , VBN from responsibility for their own NN or inadequate performance by filing a complaint of NN .	0	1	VBP	are	is
NNP 's father is NNP NNP , former guard for the green bay NNP in the national football league .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP motorway ( NNP - NNP - NNP - NNP - NNP ) passes north of the mountains .	3	15	VBZ	passes	pass
when a bomb NNS something up , the fragments are barely hot , certainly not VBN .	8	9	VBP	are	is
these pages need to be VBN and tagged individually .	1	2	VBP	need	needs
the book from the church itself is a primary source .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
NNP artifacts show that they were skilled workers in bronze , copper , and iron .	1	2	VBP	show	shows
membership in a regional or national council does not mean that the particular group is also a member of the NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
when faculty opinion about a library collection is asked the feelings , beliefs , values , and individual views about how well the library collection fits the curriculum of that learning institution are answered .	24	25	VBZ	fits	fit
fall sports include field hockey , boys and girls soccer , and football .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
but those data are less useful because income group members change every year .	9	10	VBP	change	changes
right or wrong , most editors let most of it go , myself included .	5	6	VBP	let	lets
but , as in other regions of the world , government policy plays an important role in children 's lives .	11	12	VBZ	plays	play
third , when you post here you need to say VB what your problem is .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
JJ , no NN , these insects are RB JJ where the only difference between adult and NN is size , e .	13	18	VBZ	is	are
while the technique extends to higher dimension ( as proved by NNP and shah ) , the NN can be JJ in the dimension even if the final NNP NN is small .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend
the school has a very mixed JJ area and , as such , is above the national average for proportion of students receiving free school NNS and students with special educational needs .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
in that case , you know that the voice is generally in the center of the stereo image and the instruments are off to the sides .	20	21	VBP	are	is
tries are also well suited for implementing JJ matching algorithms , including those used in spell checking and NN software .	0	1	VBP	are	is
information about the elder NNP is JJ , and often JJ .	0	5	VBZ	is	are
now the material under discussion here is a stack of NNS amongst hundreds of others .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
a combination of various magical columns , but it also includes an JJ arrow that causes all NNS above a section of the grid to be cleared .	1	10	VBZ	includes	include
the NNP NNP JJ NN is a medium NN manufactured by NNP inc .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
in NNP NNP ( arcade ) the hero is a JJ NN on a quest to defeat an evil cult led by a fictional descendant of NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the battle NN is one of the most common type of weapons found in vietnamese ancient cultures , particularly NNP son culture .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the latest design is much less focused on text , and incorporates NN artwork and smooth NNS for featured content .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the article stays , it will require major changes to correct grammar .	2	3	VBZ	stays	stay
in linking personality measures with religion , it is possible to RB study results , which can provide insight into how , and why religion is such an important element of being human .	24	25	VBZ	is	are
JJ NNP station is a stop in the city zone of greater manchester 's NNP light rail system .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
this template draws a progress bar using and displays a statistics box .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw
the NN means to stop relating yourself to a crowd or a race and then to the world , the church , the world of the spirit , the environment , etc .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean
from there the story follows the civil war story arc .	3	4	VBZ	follows	follow
NNP praised the book , `` the JJ tone of the narrator 's voice VBZ a VBG air of NN to this RB VBN quest tale of NN that questions the NNS of our world , family , friendship and loyalty .	8	14	VBZ	lends	lend
if a film is released ( or even if it is only released via the internet , like 2 girls 1 cup ) , an article is usually written about it , even if the film is JJ is worse than NNP ii or killer NNP eat france .	35	36	VBZ	is	are
a film is usually an JJ work .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
so this is more a matter of whether a mathematical model is applicable to a physical phenomenon .	10	11	VBZ	is	are
other famous dennis residents include the author mary NNP clark and actress amy jo johnson , who grew up in dennis .	3	4	VBP	include	includes
JJ NN ( type CD NNP ) is a single ship class of NN used by the china coast guard .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the end of the video shows the lotus flower rising up , while NNP sings the final lines , then looking at the child .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show
this NN is able to be classified into four types depending on the extent of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the century starts at year one and ends at at 100 .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start
the solution is to have a separate article for the JJ place , which should be called fort NNP , texas ( and make clear whether the cdp includes anything outside the fort ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
not settled until later in NNP 's history , and many areas remain a mystery to humans .	11	12	VBP	remain	remains
much of the game takes place in a JJ NN that crash and his mentor NNP NNP are trapped in .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take
the rules below are the most common around romania .	1	3	VBP	are	is
i argued that `` the JJ view is , in fact , also the mainstream view .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
no objection to deletion if the single fails to come out in , say , 2 months .	1	7	VBZ	fails	fail
examples include JJ NN and the NNS NN , NNS , and NN NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes
my interests are too broad to fit into one of your user interests page .	1	2	VBP	are	is
taking advantage of the moment , NNP kills NNP and runs to her car to steal the diamonds , only to find them missing .	1	7	VBZ	kills	kill
delete existing references appear to be completely JJ .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears
japanese cultural tradition that is often associated with NNP influence , the association of the cherry NN with JJ no aware dates back to JJ scholar NNP NNP .	2	21	VBZ	dates	date
obviously , the challenge before NN now is to VB everything which can be VBN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
many minor academic theories , including many better supported in the academic record , are not sufficiently notable for separate article topics in wikipedia .	3	14	VBP	are	is
the most important thing about him is his NN and the fact that he had to mate with an older woman .	3	6	VBZ	is	are
the tribal communities include the NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
double data rate JJ dynamic JJ memory ( NNP NNP ) is a class of memory integrated circuits used in computers .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
republicans also stated that the general rule in parliamentary systems `` is that NNS VBP in a legislative body , unless another rule is RB provided .	6	11	VBZ	is	are
in most species , only the female spider is capable of effectively delivering the NN to humans as the males have much smaller NN .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
the most important conclusion of these publications is that for the efficient and accurate diagnosis of an NN , two NNS are required .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
the 2nd constituency of new NNP is a french legislative constituency in new NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
as a special rule , if the first NN is from a pit that has more than 15 seeds , the turn will always be `` NNS '' NN of whether the last seed falls in a marker or not .	33	34	VBZ	falls	fall
the school provides for laboratories for students from CD .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide
the second instance is on a NNP , a note that is VBN highly , showing that the high is still alive .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the best bet is first to scale based on the length of known elements , not total length , then VBP the rest of the NN based on that .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
likewise , musical movement titles , JJ NNS , or terms like NN and trio , are in normal JJ font .	4	16	VBP	are	is
most versions agree that yu designated his deputy , NNP , to be his successor .	1	2	VBP	agree	agrees
in the centre is a coat of arms VBG to be that of thomas stuart smith , but the JJ arrangement is unknown and has never been entered at the court of the lord lyon .	20	21	VBZ	is	are
NN is the home of the NNP NNP NNP institute for production technology , where robot technology is one of the many research areas .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
cities within 50 miles include new york ( 41 miles to city center ) ; newark , n .	0	4	VBP	include	includes
this problem is JJ throughout the article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the screen comes up as just lots of strange coloured lines , i think i can sort of see the desktop through them , and still open files on it , but in a strange VBN and barely visible way , and many times over across the screen space .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come
the reference to the JJ mountain air is due to the village RB location .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
the above conclusions are very important to the history of NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
the page seems a bit RB long .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem
the author explains why is everybody fat , how can people control it or not believing that the problem is what they eat and their addiction to it .	18	19	VBZ	is	are
oppose , lacks of experience , answers are weak , try again later .	2	7	VBP	are	is
though relatively NNS to the region , the NNP or NNP are the north province 's most numerous ethnic group .	2	11	VBP	are	is
capital gains tax NN also announced ; VBG retirement relief from capital gains tax so it better VBZ the JJ NNS of farms and businesses before the current owners reach the age of 66 .	28	29	VBP	reach	reaches
the law on freedom of NNP VBZ `` VBG '' but does not define it .	1	6	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit
the husband eventually manages to make contact through NN , and is briefly possessed by what appears to be a JJ alien mind that came to earth out of NN , but failed to establish communication .	1	3	VBZ	manages	manage
JJ 32 , this NN is in praise of NNP , it shows what it means that is real NNP is VBG with inner self against NNS and RB NNS and what one can achieve from it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
the template is RB VBN to avoid VBG NNS , but the policy makes it clear vandalism means JJ harm .	12	13	VBZ	makes	make
also , small personal NNS exist that allow each officer to carry one easily , as well as a large central room at the police station which VBZ personnel to the location of emergency incidents .	4	5	VBP	exist	exists
the east los angeles interchange VBG map is an aerial map obtained from the NNP NN work ( red freeway NNS , etc .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
even though this measurement is JJ , it is much less so than the other NNS which either were not correctly used for the duration of this time , or have been VBN back to 1851 using other data .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
sources sometimes mention its presumed listing by unesco as world cultural heritage , but NNP is not included on the lists of JJ heritage , maintained by unesco .	0	2	VBP	mention	mentions
however , the NNP ' younger son , nathan , believes joseph 's story , having heard it directly from him .	6	10	VBZ	believes	believe
fm , `` CD the point '' ) is an american radio station broadcasting a hot ac format .	5	8	VBZ	is	are
in its JJS form , affected individuals have JJ muscle strength and function .	6	7	VBP	have	has
it just has a link with a brief NN of what the link is , no author or date or publisher or anything .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the district has CD teachers ( NNP ) serving CD students .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the NN is north of the nearby larger NN named NNP grande .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
les robinson - field guide to the native plants of sydney , isbn CD page CD this terrestrial plant features a remarkable flower , resembling a duck in flight .	18	19	VBZ	features	feature
most JJ cable operators carry NNP 's .	3	4	VBP	carry	carries
the hybrid classes are champions , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
as NNP starts to leave , he notices how the civilians in the areas are RB but RB VBG from the criminal spot or taking cover .	10	14	VBP	are	is
the sketch ends with jon NNP VBG the jon NNP 's john ham motto , `` if it feels like a NN of ham , do n't VB your NN with it '' .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end
if members of the mediation committee have prior knowledge of the blp or this matter or those involved they should , of course NN themselves .	1	6	VBP	have	has
reviews and awards have been combined , categories are fine , use of NNP NN is fine and JJ to RB spelling out the entire name each time .	7	8	VBP	are	is
several other hot lanes across various state highway are also either currently under construction or in the planning stages .	3	8	VBP	are	is
formations of modern social thought human beings are RB , necessarily and by definition social beings who , beyond being `` JJ creatures '' , can not survive and meet their needs other than through social NN and association .	0	7	VBP	are	is
the bank also offers internet banking and mobile banking facilities to its customers .	1	3	VBZ	offers	offer
its seat is the town of NNP , which lies approximately south-east of the regional capital NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNS nice but as you see its not really helping the page at all and the edit war continues , with many more comments getting lost in the NN .	17	18	VBZ	continues	continue
the NNP problem is not a problem VBG NNP ( the place or the name ) ; it is a problem inherent in some NNS of VBG software .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
maxwell 's NNS is scale , JJ , and NNP NN , so the combination is JJ too .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
the commercial crops grown are NN , coffee , NN trees , JJ wood , NN , NN , pepper and NN .	2	4	VBP	are	is
the agricultural panel VBZ 11 senators , at least 4 of whom must come from the NNP members ' NNS and another three must come from the nominating bodies ' NNS .	2	3	VBZ	elects	elect
some NNS believe that shortly after the NNP period ( ca .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes
NNP argued that `` the most remarkable NN of the NNP scandal is how adult NNS are invited to act like children '' .	7	12	VBZ	is	are
the song premiered on 28 august 2010 on NNP 's show , and is the second single from NNP 's debut album , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	13	VBZ	is	are
comment this thread is not up to the usual NNP standard .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
these sections comprise a constitutional bill of rights , guidelines for government NN , and the behaviour and conduct of citizens .	1	2	VBP	comprise	comprises
the table below gives an overview of JJ manufacturing NNS in precision glass VBG at different companies .	1	3	VBZ	gives	give
the film dates from early in his career , in the late NNS , when he pitched an epic fantasy to hammer film executives .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
his opera credits include productions at NNP opera festival and NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
NN , although the avenue to the resolution of the most JJ of his NNS , plays a secondary role in the structural NN of the composition .	4	16	VBZ	plays	play
other scientists , especially NNS of the rare earth hypothesis , disagree that red NN can VB life .	1	11	VBP	disagree	disagrees
the mosque serves the JJ muslim minority .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the resulting large windows allow for views of the las vegas strip and red rock .	3	4	VBP	allow	allows
the JJ highway also runs through the valley .	2	4	VBZ	runs	run
the top three players in the crowd win the NNP game as well .	3	7	VBP	win	wins
i do n't believe that this NN of companies meets our notability guidelines because they have n't received significant coverage from reliable , third-party sources .	6	9	VBZ	meets	meet
professor NNP 's remarks about NNP are only controversial among NNP NNS .	3	6	VBP	are	is
she writes that `` NNP 's descriptions are high in israeli government press VBZ that present a case for israel 's NN of a land that had previously been empty and NN .	6	7	VBP	are	is
its headquarters are in NNP district , beijing .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the surgery is quick ( typically lasting between JJ minutes ) , RB JJ , and can have a significantly shorter recovery time than an NN ( knee replacement ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
village pump policy ( this page ) is the most central place there is to discuss a policy change .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the term `` NNP '' is also used to describe a place , such as JJ or NNP , where the NNP process takes place .	22	23	VBZ	takes	take
the neighborhood also contains the only alley in the city divided by a NN ( running one block between NNP st .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain
that man on your right is a government official .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the legend has many different variations and there have even been occasional NNS of the JJ woman 's spirit .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNP 's 1953 novel , beyond this place , and is a remake of the 1955 bengali film POS NNP ' .	3	10	VBZ	is	are
the community 's name means `` JJ '' and is named for the JJ lava that lines many of its beaches .	3	4	VBZ	means	mean
security experts warn that the ie NNS still exist and a NN attack is still possible .	6	8	VBP	exist	exists
categories do this , but lists serve different functions from categories .	0	1	VBP	do	does
additionally , JJ NN NNS use of NN NNS and is one of the principal reasons for the use of other materials .	5	10	VBZ	is	are
large wheels on shock NNS extend beyond the top of the clock to protect it from impact should it roll off a NN .	1	5	VBP	extend	extends
route CD is a short provincial highway located in the NNP region in quebec .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the game features two campaigns one controlling the VBN crusade ' and one controlling the NNS ' .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
the garden , created by NNP NNP , features a circular NN around , and is designated as a special place of scenic beauty of japan .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature
following their NNP surrender , CD `` morgan 's raid '' officers arrive as prisoners to west pen .	11	12	VBP	arrive	arrives
in which case , the relevant law is the first amendment to the united states constitution .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the agreement extends a maritime boundary that previously existed NN the two countries further into the gulf of guinea from the mouth of the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	extends	extend
today , the academic focus at NNP goes well beyond the training of teachers .	4	7	VBZ	goes	go
the building is JJ construction over a concrete basement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the span is supported by two NNS VBN by three JJ arches ; its length to the NNS is 21 .	14	18	VBZ	is	are
these 1 , 000 species have the ability to change their environment through a series of JJ relationships .	4	5	VBP	have	has
RB deleting this article would be bad , but it is also possible that google is right and his contributions are minimal .	19	20	VBP	are	is
i 've now noticed that all the user 's contributions appear to be in external link sections .	9	10	VBP	appear	appears
the song is the album 's sixth track , and was released as its first single .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
examples of variable costs are raw materials , direct labor ( if such costs vary with sales levels ) , and sales commissions .	13	14	VBP	vary	varies
a judicial branch of any democratic government has an NN NNS without borders and its not with and not without the governing state , a NN church majority or any of the masses democratic secular individual NN NNS to question .	2	7	VBZ	has	have
the youth orchestra is currently under the direction of david NNP , lima senior high string instructor .	1	3	VBZ	is	are
and anyway , the point is that this is no less RB possible than the NNP drive or NNP NN or whatever .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
a system with a voluntary jury and a voluntary judge , who can each pick their own cases , is about the least JJ way for deciding cases that i can imagine .	1	19	VBZ	is	are
past guests include NNP NNP , albert NNP , NNP NNP NNP , ross NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
as of april 2008 the firm has 20 employees , with JJ running headed by musical director adam NNP and business development director NNP kong .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
most transportation authorities in western countries are under the direction of elected officials .	2	6	VBP	are	is
the only assertion of notability at all is the line `` [ .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the surrounding region is home to around NNS of the world 's oil reserves .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
if the NN method is expensive to train , NN can be very slow since the training must be carried out repeatedly .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
it also focuses on stable management , ensuring that students learn to be true NNS , not just riders .	9	10	VBP	learn	learns
these NNS are due to natural and JJ changes , including JJ atmospheric trends ( such as el NNP , which causes NNS in annual rainfall on the northern california coast ) , NN by the california sea lion and pacific harbor seal , and commercial timber NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the most interesting rooms of the main NN are a JJ citizen 's hall with six NNS and the NN of the town hall in the east .	3	8	VBP	are	is
in fact , if g is a matrix group , then the result follows easily from the NNP theorem .	12	13	VBZ	follows	follow
most NNS from the last few years probably have NNP NNS .	1	8	VBP	have	has
however , the upper NNP rocks are available to supply the clay element of the materials for the cement works which lie between the river and the canal between NNP and NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is
generally , the number of musical acts is close to 200 , spanning the NN of `` dark music '' from acoustic folk to JJ to VB , to dark NN , NNP , NNP metal , gothic metal , industrial .	3	7	VBZ	is	are
entire books have been written concerning the use of NN , so its situation is not that similar to this .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
more to the point , policies describe what it is that we do .	5	6	VBP	describe	describes
other notable achievements include representing australia in the NNP world championships in NNP , france and the 2009 world games in NNP , taiwan .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
and the situation at the euro 2008 article is not the CD i 'm asking this question , it 's merely the occasion .	2	8	VBZ	is	are
the poem opens as the greeks are getting ready to set sail back to greece .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open
promotions to NNP have an explicit JJ recommendation page ; promotion to feature article follow the normal procedure .	0	3	VBP	have	has
if on rolling snake eyes on the first throw a player again throws snake eyes on their second throw all of their pieces return to the base .	10	12	VBZ	throws	throw
at any rate , the user has several hundred edits since june , VBZ in original research , and does not communicate .	5	6	VBZ	has	have
robert NNP plays a NN whose research into virtual technologies extends to bold experiments on himself .	6	10	VBZ	extends	extend
the bit about NNP being captain when NNP reported aboard is RB , a loose detail .	1	10	VBZ	is	are
when someone tells me that these are all one topic , what it says to me is that the person is not familiar with the depth or scope of the topic .	19	20	VBZ	is	are
greek sea god , whose daughter is NNP , the goddess of NNS .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
rna interference ( NNP ) is a system within living cells that takes part in controlling which genes are active and how active they are .	17	18	VBP	are	is
each contestant gets two pages in NNP , and is tasked to fill it with a story of their choice .	1	2	VBZ	gets	get
the process of medical NN involves several stages including image acquisition , image NN , data translation , model building and NN .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve
storm 106 is a web based radio station broadcasting from ireland .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
the mission of this project is to improve all articles related to the vancouver NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
NNP vertical migration , also known as JJ vertical migration , is a pattern of movement used by some organisms living in the ocean and in lakes .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
also , the musical characteristics section needs more citations - some editors may VB it of being original research .	5	6	VBZ	needs	need
his output comprises more than 500 essays , articles , and NNS , as well as 40 books .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise
experience increases attack rate and accuracy , as well as ( for units with shields ) the probability of blocking an attack .	0	1	VBZ	increases	increase
the station features a variety of classical music , jazz , public affairs and news programming during the day , with locally produced programs in the early NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature
nonetheless , many works remain in manuscript .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains
recorded in 1962 and released on the NNP label the album features harris performing orchestral arrangements of many motion picture themes of the era .	10	11	VBZ	features	feature
citizen advocacy organisations ( citizen advocacy programmes ) seek to cause benefit by VBG people who have become isolated .	2	8	VBP	seek	seeks
the key features that distinguish a `` fast '' from a `` slow '' sail are its shape related to the particular boat and NN and its ability to consistently maintain that shape .	2	15	VBP	are	is
also , the city has a youth commission , which consists of middle and high school students who represent NNP youth in government and serve one or two year terms .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the east side of the chapel is part of the secondary school and is used by students from secondary ii to iv , each level on their own floor .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
therefore , the original song is quite clearly JJ , and in fact , remains almost JJ in several widely different indian languages .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
communications in jordan occur across many media , including telephone , radio , television , and internet .	0	3	VBP	occur	occurs
while having the support of a major label with its JJ pr and distribution NNS may make it more likely that a band will have the articles necessary to qualify for wikipedia notability , many bands still manage to achieve notability without this support .	35	37	VBP	manage	manages
it seems clear that this is a sort of NN -- the person VBG is supposed to figure out what it is talking about , so complaints that the question is hard to understand are kind of irrelevant .	29	30	VBZ	is	are
episode CD rogers brings NN NNS , and shows how don NNP makes them at NNP NNP 's shop .	0	3	VBZ	brings	bring
its name is a `` reference to the rich land within its borders .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the first week is an important NN , but perhaps not as prominently important as the NN of `` seven times seven days '' ( i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
pioneer plants such as NNP NN and NN NNS , grow on and VB the mud NNS .	1	10	VBP	grow	grows
one template on the page starts the process , and everything else is updated by a NNP .	1	5	VBZ	starts	start
if our thesis that the fault lies not with the NN but with an excess of soft tissue is correct , treatment by removal of a segment of NN is not rational .	2	18	VBZ	is	are
monthly lists of JJ unusual objects , JJ distant objects , JJ NNS and the critical list of numbered minor planets also appear on these NNS .	1	22	VBP	appear	appears
the front facade features a JJ window and VBD entrance NN .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
NNP said the episode , `` demonstrated that the cartoon is best when it focuses on the four kids and when it is driven by a JJ moral NN '' .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the facade is NNP over which is its JJ , modeled after that of san josé de NNP in spain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the surprised NN asks her to relate what happened at the mansion where she worked looking after two children .	2	3	VBZ	asks	ask
p museum remains in the depot and is open according to their posted hours .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain
the ones i mentioned are just examples i pointed out , but none of these are relevant .	1	4	VBP	are	is
NNS are in charge of certain legal matters that typically involve registration of some sort and VBG the orders of the court .	0	1	VBP	are	is
despite not being the highest VBN part of the NNP , NNS are also very expensive .	11	12	VBP	are	is
since then , every game features a new villain who wishes to VB the NNS , breaking the rules of NNP NNP .	4	5	VBZ	features	feature
JJ and JJ NNP NNP calcium scores are superior to NNP NNP and volume scores in the diagnosis of NNP NNP NNP disease .	6	7	VBP	are	is
the best way to support the continued careful and JJ use of RB licensed content on wikipedia is to demonstrate that we are not using it to replace the freely licensed content that we 're trying to provide here .	2	17	VBZ	is	are
this NN of the singer 's gender adds to the strange mood of the record .	1	7	VBZ	adds	add
the article is not notable and appears to be a vanity article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
alpine streams and NNS often have much lower temperatures , and can be frozen for months .	1	5	VBP	have	has
i suspect that comparison tables such as this are probably not JJ material , even if all the tables were completed .	4	8	VBP	are	is
NNP subject of the article is not original research .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the township , the angle , whatever you call it , is notable as a populated area .	1	11	VBZ	is	are
the NN links VBP be VBN as links but since the proposal is for a way to apply date preference settings without making links , that is JJ .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the first link most certainly is not a business directory but a newspaper article .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
examples of NNS are NNP NNS and NN NNS .	0	3	VBP	are	is
the head of the division is the staff judge advocate ( NNP ) to the NNP of the marine corps ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
i VBP suggest that the discussion of this vote ends .	5	9	VBZ	ends	end
the article covers numerous aspects of the subject and is well sourced .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
NNS are the subject of 12 specific conventions because of the frequently international nature of their work , and a further 6 conventions relate to conditions in the fishing , plantation , hotels , nursing , home and domestic work , where employees may be particularly vulnerable .	22	23	VBP	relate	relates
considering us box office statistics , the most successful jet li american film as of august 2010 is NNP weapon 4 , which VBD over 130 million dollars RB , while the second is the NNS with over 103 million dollars .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
a wide variety of objects have been observed to have been inserted including batteries , safety NNS , NNS , the chuck NNP story `` NNP '' , from the novel NNP , includes the story of a boy in his early teens VBG JJ NN into his NN .	23	33	VBZ	includes	include
the JJS way to reach NNP is by road from NNP on the en 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the user , NNP or poison oak , VBZ personal attacks against users including some remarks which can be found to be JJ and others which can be found to be questionable .	1	8	VBZ	implements	implement
NN NNS argue that JJ marriage in the united states has been given special legal protection .	1	2	VBP	argue	argues
NN has shown that NNP evidence of JJ NN in the NN NN prior to surgery is JJ of a poor surgical outcome .	5	16	VBZ	is	are
an administrator VBZ the article history into the merge target along with the content .	1	2	VBZ	merges	merge
the wedding day arrives , and before the event begins , NNP begins to feel ill .	8	9	VBZ	begins	begin
the last JJ centers on character NN as numerous characters from several stevens songs turn out to really exist and they want to sue the singer for NN .	3	14	VBP	turn	turns
if the tourists win all four of these games , they are said to have achieved a grand slam .	2	3	VBP	win	wins
this link shows books with his name and the phrase .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show
ashley proposed that draw offers not be allowed before move 50 .	3	4	VBZ	offers	offer
after the attachment , the sheriff must VB and record whether the said property is subject to any claim NN to that of the NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are
the NNP high school athletics facilities include both outdoor and indoor sports NNS .	5	6	VBP	include	includes
human VBD NNP units are also not yet possible without a suitable power source and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is
this iranian biographical article is a stub .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
also during this time , one of her sisters made a few long distance calls to VB from canada .	13	14	VBZ	calls	call
another possibility is a NN , with the previously mentioned merge along with a separate article list of student radio awards just for the list of winners .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
enterprises develop engineering skills by allowing students to work in JJ environments on JJ projects while completing their education .	0	1	VBP	develop	develops
fair use rationale for light from NNP the image is subject to copyright , its use in light from above is covered by the u .	2	9	VBZ	is	are
we , the roads editors , are not JJ .	4	6	VBP	are	is
its capacity to hold energy is such that it can VB the force of gravity and NN in air .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
time represents the specific JJ frame of the trips , while their JJ NN offers an NN of being in place .	0	1	VBZ	represents	represent
this topic has as much coverage among critics and scholars as any best of list does .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
over 70 , 000 people visit the site each year to enjoy tours , education programs , museum exhibits , and special events .	4	5	VBP	visit	visits
NNP 's cites indicate just how widespread this cartoon character has become as the general NN for a particular sort of east end NN .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates
you got JJ love how the first scenario is alien invasion .	7	8	VBZ	is	are
in reality , the team mostly practices on campus , and the stadium ( which both NNP and NNP high use ) is on the outskirts of town in a fairly JJ area and about three miles ( five km ) away from the NNP high campus .	12	22	VBZ	is	are
the document as a whole is often RB VBN to NNP NNP , who shared its inspiration and took part in discussions about it but was not on the committee that produced it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
there has been discussion in literary circles about how collaborative this novel is , VBN partly by later comments by NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
the NNP rifle , a NN laser , can VB this regulation , as the NN effect is apparently temporary .	16	17	VBZ	is	are
in the case of NN , a plastic film or sheet is JJ from the NN and guided though a JJ station on the NN line .	8	11	VBZ	is	are
the liner notes contain only the lyrics to the new songs , a NN about janet , and different pictures from the control , rhythm nation 1814 and janet .	1	2	VBZ	notes	note
switzerland ( mainly geneva ) is home to many international governmental and JJ organisations , including the international committee of the red cross ( whose flag is essentially the swiss flag with colours reversed ) .	25	26	VBZ	is	are
the new addition to this volume is lieutenant general NNP s .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the first appearance of the name is in CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
userpage is well within what is considered appropriate for a contributor .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
the school serves students from JJ to higher secondary level .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
NNS have important functions outside of the operating room , but the majority of their vital work takes place in the surgical suite .	12	17	VBZ	takes	take
the east entrance front has an JJ NNP NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
several tracks on blue afternoon are songs NNP had intended to record on earlier albums but had not completed .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the replacement of NN ray tube ( NNP ) displays by more efficient JJ liquid crystal display ( NNP ) ones in the early JJ century reduces power consumption significantly .	1	9	VBZ	displays	display
NNP artwork by jamie reid who did the covers for the sex NNP albums .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover
NNP is a bad day on which the priests of the sun go to NNS to VB against their enemies .	8	12	VBP	go	goes
the head priest is father NNP NNP from the parish of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
not sure if the two editors mentioned above are the same person or not .	5	8	VBP	are	is
this whole wiki concept , while very JJ , fails in it 's most essential NNS .	3	9	VBZ	fails	fail
also the article reads more like a NNP then an encyclopedic article .	2	3	VBZ	reads	read
the film begins in 1874 , as NNP , an eastern government representative , arrives in san carlos , arizona .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin
the most widely accepted model of an adult NNP is a JJ , JJ , JJ cell .	4	9	VBZ	is	are
radical 69 meaning `` NN '' is 1 of 34 NNP NNS ( CD NNS total ) composed of 4 NNS .	4	6	VBZ	is	are
the NNP act requires surveys that will monitor all NNS , identify children requiring education , and set up facilities for providing it .	2	3	VBZ	requires	require
this category is for people of partial or full black NNP ancestry WRB they live .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
is this to do with confusion between electric potential - which exists in the absence of any current , and voltage measured in a complete circuit - what you describe is n't a completed electrical circuit .	20	30	VBZ	is	are
palace CD palace consists of an JJ NN , three NNS and a smaller NN .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist
the building needs renovation and the museum may consider moving to another facility , or running exhibits for some time in other venues .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need
the service sector is the largest component of NNP at 92 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the NNP NNP collection contains around twenty manuscripts of new testament NN , works from the early christian period that presented themselves as biblical books , but were not eventually received as such by the NN .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain
the NN is wide and high .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
each league or conference has between four and 15 schools .	1	4	VBZ	has	have
the municipality consists of the villages of NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
this image is public domain , since it was modified from wikipedia 's file `` NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this law has been controversial and is opposed by NNS and wildlife NNS , who petition that the law makes it impossible to protect forests from human presence and use , and for the purposes of ecological and wildlife conservation .	18	19	VBZ	makes	make
some users feel that people who have VBN deletion beliefs will close afds or speedy delete articles to their particular NN .	1	2	VBP	feel	feels
the north chapel has an early 14th century tomb NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
these NNS raise NN and lower cost of ownership in comparison to older JJ laser technology .	1	2	VBP	raise	raises
entry is eligible to male and female athletes with a physical disability that prevents them from fairly competing with JJ players .	0	1	VBZ	is	are
two sailor NNS have their friendship torn apart after the woman they both are in love with chooses one over the other .	2	3	VBP	have	has
the head of the provincial civil service is the municipal secretary .	1	7	VBZ	is	are
furthermore , episodes often combine several similar JJ events to create a new story .	2	4	VBP	combine	combines
class levels range from modified to advanced placement .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges
all scales are JJ and JJ , along with the overall color of the fish ; however there can be yellow NN in the eyes .	1	2	VBP	are	is
the house occupies a large lot on the east side of albany between manor and ten NNP NNS , just opposite CD albany avenue .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy
the tv ads are JJ except to his own NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is
NNP 's line algorithm , developed in 1962 , is his most well-known innovation .	3	9	VBZ	is	are
switch statements also have error handling .	1	3	VBP	have	has
the alternative NNS are NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
china ; energy costs continue to rise and americans wait for congress to act to increase the minimum wage .	3	4	VBP	continue	continues
steve NNP of oxford university wrote in the september 1994 edition of china quarterly , `` evidence now suggests that NNP knew of the plot NN and secretly changed his travel plans , though he did not stop a JJ delegation of lesser NNS from taking his place .	16	18	VBZ	suggests	suggest
the temple has the distinction of having included in 51 `` NNP '' of goddess NNP according to hindu mythology .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
this section is JJ by jeremy dixon and includes phone , JJ competitions and NNS to the show RB winning cinema tickets .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
but make sure the image you upload follows our image VBG policies .	4	7	VBZ	follows	follow
this page is completely JJ and it is unfair for it to remain as it is a fictional NN of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
NNP 's still talking face from his body and puts it on the mask stand , before getting rid of the guards and VBG out of the museum in a NN of rage .	4	9	VBZ	puts	put
but lutheran NNS also differ amongst one another in north america , with some individuals VBN on multiple NNS but on different days ( e .	2	4	VBP	differ	differs
its common name is the NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the island of NNP has JJ rainfall , and the JJ economic activity is JJ cultivation .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
originally built in CD under spanish rule , the JJ JJ prison building in the main square includes several NNS and NNS .	12	17	VBZ	includes	include
the title of the page is bad .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
if a discussion is well accessible to other editors , well known , and has a fair amount of discussion , then it is functioning as the community discussion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
the ap news story which was added does at least give an impression of notability .	3	7	VBZ	does	do
the different construction gives the hair unique characteristics , serving specific purposes , mainly NN and protection .	2	3	VBZ	gives	give
the following sections give NNS about the causes of JJ noise .	2	3	VBP	give	gives
that does bring up the point of why the section is so long , or why there even need to be examples that are longer than 3 or 4 letters , since that is enough to get the point across .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
central NNP expressway ) in japanese , however its official english name is the NNP expressway .	11	12	VBZ	is	are
if page 3 shows the character making NNP a JJ mess , then that is what he did .	1	3	VBZ	shows	show
the power stations which form the nodes of the power grid require fuel delivered via a network of roads or pipes and also control via the communications network .	2	11	VBP	require	requires
students wear the rank badge of a `` second NN NN '' ( equivalent to VB , 1st class ) , with the blue stripes bordered in red , and become second NNS on graduation .	0	1	VBP	wear	wears
if the article has a single issue , the original template has be used instead .	2	3	VBZ	has	have
other changes include the removal of the three NNP , originally positioned behind the king calling him to his destiny , war , and death .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
also known as NNP road , the route runs from u .	7	8	VBZ	runs	run
the question is whether or not the coverage is significant .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
i do not know why the records hang around that level .	6	7	VBP	hang	hangs
along with the more famous national landmarks , a clear shot of the NNP school is clearly visible in the sequence .	10	15	VBZ	is	are
researchers have studied the NNS and NNS which have been cut into the sides of the mountains these cliffs are on and have concluded that there were an irrigation system , unique in mexico .	18	19	VBP	are	is
the more you use , the NN the water is , and the more JJ , the more NN you will get .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
the article is about television characters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the problem is that the paper trail may not provide evidence of notability .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these surviving relatives are the western VBN NN ( p .	2	3	VBP	are	is
on the other hand , within the academic community , democratic collaboration requires faculty , graduate , and undergraduate students share responsibility for the implementation of research , creating a JJ system of joint activities .	11	12	VBZ	requires	require
his works include seven volumes of poetry , and biographies of NNP owen and louis NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes
the six NNS have their own CD NNP NNP cache , which can be accessed by other NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has
robertson NNS are easy to use JJ , because the JJ NN tends to retain the NN , even if it is VBN .	11	12	VBZ	tends	tend
the castle has recently best known for having given facilities to dr 's NN `` christmas at the castle '' from 1986 .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the subject is n't even the only credit union in the NNP league as claimed in this article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
catch 21 is an american game show centered around NN , created by NNP NNP ( who also produced the show 's predecessor NNP ) and VBN at the hollywood center studios .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
at VBN NN spots with large waves , it is argued that the freedom of not wearing a NN is secondary to the safety of others .	13	19	VBZ	is	are
a JJ NN is uniform if its factors are uniform .	7	8	VBP	are	is
he uses a NNP NNP NN to create his tone , with him saying the NN is the `` base of his live sound '' .	15	16	VBZ	is	are
battle for the pacific features a single player campaign and a NN mode with a decent number of weapons to choose from , ranging from the american thompson VBP gun and NNP NNP rifle to the japanese type 100 NN gun and type 38 NN .	0	4	VBZ	features	feature
its sound closely resembles a NN dental JJ [ NNP ] , like NN in the english word thick , for example .	1	3	VBZ	resembles	resemble
the NNP NNP mascot , a NN emerging from an egg , is a play on the slogan ( the JJ NN has n't VBN the ground for NNS and insects ) .	3	12	VBZ	is	are
such projects often involve information searching or information NN ( NNP ) , information gathering , and information sharing .	1	3	VBP	involve	involves
one criterion is two years ' membership of NNP ii , of which the uk is currently not a member .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
in the following list , the dates in NNS are the earliest approved use of the drug .	6	9	VBP	are	is
the hate speech continues , and also the vandalism continues .	2	3	VBZ	continues	continue
the cache has only NN protection rather than NNP , because NN is smaller and any damaged data can be replaced by fresh data VBN from memory ( which always has an JJ copy of instructions ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
comments indicate this is a NN case and arguments either way are n't JJ to me .	0	1	VBP	indicate	indicates
this JJ long film 's title , NNP , refers to the call used by NNP JJ activists to signal a village meeting .	5	9	VBZ	refers	refer
a recurring device in the series is that , at the end of each episode , NNP speaks the final lines .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
the diff is of NNP making the point that that is exactly the sort of nonsense that NNP thinks is civil and JJ behaviour .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this category includes players for the NNP NNP minor league baseball team who played in the NNP during the 1947 season .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include
this accepting viewpoint VBZ renaissance NNP in that it VBZ an advocacy role for NNS towards species governance , and this JJ stance is charged with a NN responsibility VBG that of individual NNP .	2	3	VBZ	recalls	recall
tribal titles give the JJ authority over a NN rather than a physical geography .	1	2	VBP	give	gives
NNP ( born 1950 his real name is christian NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
the observatory is available for astronomical observations from october to may in two proposal cycles of four month duration each .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the meadows are a local nature reserve there is access from NNP lane , among other places .	1	2	VBP	are	is
in chemical fields , such as NN , space groups and point groups describe molecular NNS and crystal NNS .	9	13	VBP	describe	describes
an NN from NNP of a country NNP , selected and introduced by paul collins , appears in the JJ literary magazine dancing star , vol 26 ( 2002 ) as a JJ NN NN titled `` early morning at the station '' .	1	16	VBZ	appears	appear
for direct NN , the response frequency always matches the NN frequency .	6	8	VBZ	matches	match
a gene is a unit of NN and corresponds to a region of dna that influences the form or function of an NN in specific ways .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
fan service is POS particularly related to images of JJ girls so i do n't see any particular need to use an image of one to demonstrate the topic .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
it has always been an uncommon species but it seems likely that its numbers are in decline .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the village of oxford is to the southeast in oakland county , and the oxford post office , with NNP code CD , also serves a small portion of southeast NNP township .	16	24	VBZ	serves	serve
as its name suggests , the hotel district is the home of many of atlanta 's signature hotels .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest
memorable segments of front runners include a look behind the scenes at the world of bill NNP the science guy and a look at the career of fellow NNP colleague NNP NNP , as well as a JJ tour at NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
categories are NNS , lists are electric NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is
the estate dates from the 18th century , and NN of significance was begun during the 19th century when it was run by NNP NNP , also the NN of NNP NNP ; from 1900 to 1945 it was owned by gabriel NNP , a NN .	1	2	VBZ	dates	date
other JJ clubs include NNP club , philosophy club , model united nations , thread ( literary and artistic magazine ) , future business leaders of america ( f .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
an oxford NN of CD is wood 's authority for saying that he was VBN upon by the high commission as one guilty of NN ' .	2	5	VBZ	is	are
the second reference provided in the article ( craig crawford ) is a broken link .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
they enter the house only to find out that his parents are not there .	10	11	VBP	are	is
if memory serves , it gave the example of converting vote counts in elections to NNS , which i do often .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve
the most common site is the JJ neck , but may also be seen in other sites ( NNS , JJ area , NNS , face ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the main clans are the NNP , NNP , NN NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is
weather conditions in NNP are NN and NN than the other regions of new zealand due to its distance from the NNP .	1	4	VBP	are	is
but people really seem to respond to it , which is what we hoped , that people would enjoy this ride .	1	3	VBP	seem	seems
this maryland state location article is a stub .	4	5	VBZ	is	are
this category is for people VBN by the new jersey high schools of which they are alumni .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the development and application of this technology in NNS , however , is a relatively new field and until recently had not been applied in a direct effort to help VB any threatened JJ species ( NNP 2002 ) .	1	12	VBZ	is	are
december 13 , 2005 ) , although this section has no stations and features a railway level crossing , the first on the NNP .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
this road for the most part runs on a JJ route on the hamilton mountain , but on the western end , where this neighbourhood is situated , the road turns south and crosses the lincoln m .	29	30	VBZ	turns	turn
from this NN it is not possible to say that all americans are conservatives or that all conservatives are americans .	17	18	VBP	are	is
archbishop of canterbury is still JJ ( a big beef last time too ) ; this was surely an extraordinary NN that deserves more emphasis .	0	3	VBZ	is	are
as the crew watches what borders on a declaration of war against the federation , NNP reaches a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	watches	watch
list of federal law enforcement agencies of brazil this is a list of all federal law enforcement agencies of brazil .	0	9	VBZ	is	are
a NNP space with JJ basis is JJ to a JJ NN of a space with JJ basis .	2	6	VBZ	is	are
my posts and us supreme court language are below .	1	7	VBP	are	is
his research covers JJ technology , internet censorship , and anonymous communication , in particular NNP .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover
the dialogue is generally not attributed and characters are defined by what they say and how they say it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the complex formed by the three NN and assembly machinery NNS ( sam core complex ) , is responsible for the integration of beta barrel proteins into the outer JJ membrane .	1	17	VBZ	is	are
the outreach department of the NNP wikiproject is a JJ work are for project NN and member interaction efforts .	2	7	VBZ	is	are
the image is from the cover of a comic book that represents the historically significant introduction of the clock .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the main difference between this specification and commonly deployed NNP a is the maximum distance that can be used .	2	11	VBZ	is	are
in many languages , including modern european languages and arabic , poets use NN in set patterns as a structural element for specific poetic forms , such as NNS , NNS and VBG NNS .	11	12	VBP	use	uses
word definitions of NN as a JJ term differ little from dictionary definitions .	1	8	VBP	differ	differs
the organization VBZ to make health , healing and VB a reality to all .	1	2	VBZ	strives	strive
NNP , like most NNS , VBZ government regulation of the economy , VBG to let market forces work .	17	18	VBP	work	works
the militia demands the release of general yang within 24 hours in exchange for the lives of the surviving villagers ; failure to comply will result in the militia broadcasting the NN of all of the villagers .	1	2	VBZ	demands	demand
the crime is yet to be solved , and mexican authorities have not confirmed the NN behind the murder .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
yes , the article needs to be VBN out - but that does not automatically mean it should be deleted .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
khan stated that he accepted the role of NNP khan , the coach of the women 's hockey team ( earlier , the captain of the men 's team ) because he liked `` the thought of a film whose plot is about women '' .	40	41	VBZ	is	are
the place i currently work is a very flat land .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
n has not been VBN , but his review of arab sources suggests that n does not appear there either .	8	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest
our NNP issue features an JJ story that leads into a huge epic later in the year '' .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature
my favorite new one is JJ juice NNS for ordinary sugar .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
the exhibit hall 's JJ roof rises up to .	5	6	VBZ	rises	rise
players earn points according to their finishing position in each race and the player with the most points overall at the end wins a trophy .	0	1	VBP	earn	earns
requests for comment on the article talk page and we should close this NNP case while the JJ period for the rfc plays out and we have a clear consensus .	18	22	VBZ	plays	play
the snake is JJ to JJ , or VB to brown , and it has brown , orange , or black spots on the back .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
for CD 's benefit , the reason the hole has to go from north pole to south pole is because JJ forces on the rock would cause it to hit the sides of the tunnel on the way down if it were VBN in any other direction .	8	9	VBZ	has	have
besides , this thing is only under construction .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
when the casting director of a production decides to employ NN acting , VBG the actors in this way is sometimes also called `` NN casting '' or simply `` JJ '' .	3	7	VBZ	decides	decide
the field is 50 meters in diameter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
these new features relate to the NN of the two NNS , and to the states and the offices of christ .	2	3	VBP	relate	relates
an argument must be made that the overall set x is r .	8	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP , regardless of how verifiable the sources are .	7	8	VBP	are	is
NNP is JJ and is absolutely convinced that mainstream science is all wrong .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
the NN contains dry NNS and rocky NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this distribution lacks q and w , which are rare in the danish language .	1	2	VBZ	lacks	lack
web NNS normally delete session NNS when the user VBZ the browser .	8	9	VBZ	closes	close
there are n't enough missiles to hit all the ships , and the base computer is too slow to VB a JJ solution ; but NNP exercises her talents as a mathematical genius , VBG a pattern , which can cause a chain reaction of NNS .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
JJ NN as it applies to JJ NNS .	1	4	VBZ	applies	apply
detroit school of arts ( NNP ) school community believes that parents , teachers , administrators and students are partners in the educational process .	13	18	VBP	are	is
she does not actually give birth to her children ; rather , they are conceived and born in her mind , just as she herself VBD from the mind of NNP ; a child of NNP is a JJ NN .	33	36	VBZ	is	are
earlier versions also claim appearances in tv shows , yet VBG for his name and the names of the shows find nothing .	1	3	VBP	claim	claims
the complete game interface is russian .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
at the moment , it fully VBZ that the firm is an architectural firm , rather than a building contractor or an engineering firm .	9	10	VBZ	is	are
NNP NNP 's NN schemes targeting individuals include motor , health , travel , home and personal accident NN .	4	7	VBP	include	includes
because the JJ electrons have relatively low energy , the detection efficiency by NN counting is rather low .	11	15	VBZ	is	are
if such a redirect is appropriate it may be created today without VBG with this article by creating it at NNP guild .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
a good writer takes you down the path most likely to allow for associations that will be especially powerful .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take
NNP ) NNP 's comments date to CD on NNP and JJ on flag .	4	5	VBP	date	dates
the type locality given is `` 0 .	2	4	VBZ	is	are
it is not nonsense , only nonsense to you because either your mind is not open enough to strange things , or are too JJ to expand it yourself - mind the rude truth , but .	12	13	VBZ	is	are
the bermuda NN is the ( nearly ) JJ champion of JJ performance in soft NNS , due to its very low drag and high JJ ratio .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
redirect and rename so that the article is about the event , or 2 ) delete the article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are
one stone in the garden has the name of two NNS carved into it .	1	5	VBZ	has	have
NN temperatures for solid are RB much higher in air than for pure oxygen .	1	4	VBP	are	is
the areas of eastern NNP also have tropical dry forests which are found in the NNP and NNP provinces .	1	6	VBP	have	has
the article consists of a summary of some JJ journalism on the 2008 south NNP war and a single paragraph on two books , which have little to do with it and ( apparently ) nothing much to do with each other .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist
another view was that social practices tend to develop only once , and that therefore NNS and differences between societies could be explained by a historical reconstruction of the interaction between societies ( NN ' ) .	5	6	VBP	tend	tends
chess NN and spanish businessman luis NNP suffers serious injuries in a car crash and then NNS from a 23 day NN .	1	7	VBZ	suffers	suffer
the royal households of such of european NNS have a continuous history since medieval times .	2	8	VBP	have	has
all these rating systems are voluntary , consensus based , JJ building programmes .	3	4	VBP	are	is
a CD NN count wire has a JJ area of 1 .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
for example , a NN film NN with JJ NN on a NN film carrier makes the NN not only cheaper but also smaller , because the JJR NN NN VBZ the JJ efficiency of the NN .	6	15	VBZ	makes	make
lets get all of the NNP files within policy and then lets review this .	0	1	VBP	get	gets
my impression is that the story is overly JJ , and quite JJ of the authors , NNP and michelle .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
one find , a NN , dates from early la NNP times .	1	6	VBZ	dates	date
some prose needs to be added to explain what this list actually is .	10	12	VBZ	is	are
the college has two main campuses , NNP town centre campus ( NNP ) and NNP valley campus ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
NNS are n't primary sources , and so should n't really be used where you need to cite your sources .	0	1	VBP	are	is
npov issues are almost never grounds for deletion .	1	2	VBP	are	is
as NNP 's NN has a strong and JJ NN , it is best to prepare the compound within a NN and to treat all NN used with a NN solution before taking the NN outside the NN .	3	4	VBZ	has	have
the outfit is deliberately plain , modest and JJ to VB the person 's commitment to religious responsibility rather than VBG RB concerns such as NNS , NNS and social status .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
its large NN NN is strong enough to cut a steel cable and can turn into a drill than can bore through a concrete wall .	3	4	VBZ	is	are
new mormon historians include a wide range of both mormon and JJ scholars , the most prominent of which include NNP , jan NNP , d .	2	3	VBP	include	includes
surely the most notable thing about her is that she is terry NNP 's daughter .	4	7	VBZ	is	are
the sculpture collection at speed art museum in louisville , kentucky includes a large number of her works in NN .	2	11	VBZ	includes	include
the duck occurs in southern south america , where it is found in chile , argentina and the NNP islands .	1	2	VBZ	occurs	occur
two other popular youth teams that are based in NNP are trinity , and NNP vikings ; both also play in the NNP east kent youth league .	4	10	VBP	are	is
also , the link to the NNP article goes to the article about NN .	3	8	VBZ	goes	go
a majority of the former mall site remains VBN off .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain
my pictures are not that interesting , nor the subject matter .	1	2	VBP	are	is
lesser commented , `` [ despite ] all its NN and JJ humor , NNP street became a sweet show , and its staff maintains that there is nothing wrong in that '' .	23	24	VBZ	maintains	maintain
the NNS have a substantial weapons inventory of light automatic weapons and NNS , JJ rockets , NNS , bombs , suicide NNS and explosives .	1	2	VBP	have	has
site further explains that this file is public domain .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
built in CD , the church is a JJ church , and is protected as a category a listed building .	5	6	VBZ	is	are
this forest NN is a NN of the general NNP forest , which can be found across africa as far north as ethiopia .	2	3	VBZ	is	are
first of all , license has nothing to do with intention .	4	5	VBZ	has	have
royal theater , NNP movies are the main movie theaters .	4	5	VBP	are	is
VBG sites are typically in shallow water on sand or VB lake NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is
other fans of vintage NNP include kate moss and NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes
north of NNP the street becomes a JJ NN towards NNP park and the art gallery of ontario .	4	5	VBZ	becomes	become
NNP NNP 's father thinks that his daughter should have long hair , no NN and no boyfriend .	3	4	VBZ	thinks	think
each episode has its own theme and usually consists of an NN , main course , and NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have
the article makes no assertion of notability , and the subject is is a JJ story by a notable author .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make
this change is not without controversy , and the subject of much debate [ 1 ] , [ 2 ] .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the instrumental combinations ( including NNS ) vary between most movements .	2	7	VBP	vary	varies
purple , although this is not officially supported by NNP , but the results are nearly identical without limiting the game selection .	13	14	VBP	are	is
the municipality was formerly known by its german name NNP , however , that name is no longer used .	14	15	VBZ	is	are
the store bears the name `` wagner 's NNP '' on the upper header of the store .	1	2	VBZ	bears	bear
these JJ structures cover and protect the NN 's 5 to 11 true leaves as they VBP and develop .	2	3	VBP	cover	covers
i suggest VBG them and asking if their writing is in the public domain .	8	9	VBZ	is	are
contribution '' is a song by british singer-songwriter NNP paris featuring american rapper NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are
JJ firms offer NNP projects as a JJ service to attract and retain large customers and generally focus only on their utility NN .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers
wanting to make sure this article meets all necessary criteria for posting .	5	6	VBZ	meets	meet
his mother encourages him , despite her husband 's NN .	1	2	VBZ	encourages	encourage
the park 's most important NN features are NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) , a deep canyon NN by the NNP river , NNP NNP ( the red lake ) - a natural dam lake , and the NNP mountains .	6	7	VBP	are	is
bus service within the terminal itself is by NNP and NNP transit .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
the school plays in an annual exhibition game with the division i JJ rival virginia commonwealth university .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play
the usage is slightly off , so i 'd like to explain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
malta might not be the biggest of countries , but an NN like that certainly deserves a mention .	11	15	VBZ	deserves	deserve
if the expected improvements in mechanical properties bear out , the traditional limits seen on VBG areas in today 's building codes could quickly become JJ if the window area actually contributes to the JJ resistance of the wall .	29	31	VBZ	contributes	contribute
NNP other female singers try to demonstrate their place on stage , she is JJ that all skills are in her blood , and it 's a live history , a beautiful and talented girl that will stay forever in our hearts .	3	4	VBP	try	tries
the team is a member of the conference usa of the national collegiate athletic association , having joined in 2013 after moving from the colonial athletic association .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
while NNP commission NNS VBP persons holding public office from membership , the think tank draws its participants from political , business , and academic worlds .	14	15	VBZ	draws	draw
a new film of NNP and NNP by harbour pictures and bbc films is in development and filming is expected during 2013 .	2	13	VBZ	is	are
the decision maker , often a jury , but sometimes a judge , decides whether the burden of proof has been VBN .	2	13	VBZ	decides	decide
alpha NN - here , the decay energy is 5 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are
the company currently has several ongoing hotel and NN development projects in miami beach and las vegas , with several more on the way , and NNP has suggested that NNP will go public in order to raise money for their JJ dollar development plans .	1	3	VBZ	has	have
regarding the life of a NN , people know too little of it .	7	8	VBP	know	knows
references provided are nothing like reliable sources .	0	2	VBP	are	is
warwick had been personally signed and guided by the label 's founder NNP davis , who stated to VB `` you may be ready to give the business up , but the business is not ready to give you up .	32	33	VBZ	is	are
some contemporary critics argue that the new marriage law has made the nature of marriage in china more JJ .	2	3	VBP	argue	argues
the first method is based on simple equal ownership , whereby each investment club member contributes exactly the same amount per month on the same day .	14	15	VBZ	contributes	contribute
the NN is a JJ cluster of white flowers up to about 7 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
this relationship appears to be at the mercy of NN because of the vulnerable way nature is described .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear
the origins of the games are NNP by john NNP for the pc and apple ii .	1	5	VBP	are	is
the novel 's JJ elements make use of NN and similar JJ NN .	4	5	VBP	make	makes
specific NNS act on the protein in the JJ environment when cells have a reason to move or change their NNS .	11	12	VBP	have	has
the subject of an article is often among the least reliable sources there is .	1	5	VBZ	is	are
the plant is popular in VBG in china .	1	2	VBZ	is	are
the site contains NNP and middle NNP remains .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain
this happens because the time delay between placing an order and receiving inventory makes people think that the inventory is running out as new orders come in , so they VBP and place larger orders .	5	13	VBZ	makes	make
the dollar figures provided here are as of july 2006 .	2	5	VBP	are	is
i would answer NNP yes , the other text can be altered , because it only says `` current NNS include .	19	20	VBP	include	includes
JJ sort also VBZ poorly with modern cpu hardware .	1	3	VBZ	interacts	interact
the goal of the right stuff is to help you keep up with the changing landscape .	1	6	VBZ	is	are
however , a study of JJ dna of NNS shows it to be most closely related to the NNP NNP ( NNP RB ) and the NNP NNP ( NNP VBZ ) .	3	9	VBZ	shows	show
iii ( see galaxy in flames above ) and its JJ voyage across the galaxy as it attempts to reach NNP and raise the alarm over the developing rebellion .	11	17	VBZ	attempts	attempt
overall , this article needs to have an eye kept on it .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need
on her seal , she is called `` queen of sweden , norway and NNP '' ; the fact that she is not wearing a NN on the seal is unusual for married women of the age .	18	29	VBZ	is	are
the same manufacturers frequently use the location for winter launches , bringing journalists from across the world to drive the new cars on snow covered roads and on courses specially prepared on frozen lakes .	2	4	VBP	use	uses
the water flows northwest until eventually reaching the hudson river .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow
as water NNS from the mine , the acid moves into the NNS ; as long as rain falls on the mine NNS the JJ production continues , whether the mine is still operating or not .	25	26	VBZ	continues	continue
the parameter tries to VB for the references to be displayed in multiple columns , but you may be using a browser that does n't support it .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try
genetic studies indicate that NN disease RB links to VB shared by NN with other JJ diseases .	5	7	VBZ	links	link
since first posting the question it occurred to me that one of the reasons a business keeps records and does accounting is so that it will know whether is is making or VBG money .	15	16	VBZ	keeps	keep
the building incorporates an art gallery , a café , a retail area and a large stage , and the centre is used for education , cultural events , and retail sales of aboriginal and related produce .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate
this means that west bank residents have trouble VBG health care providers located in other nearby west bank towns .	5	6	VBP	have	has
ca NNS favor the NN of NN NN .	1	2	VBP	favor	favors
NNP is named NNP NNP van NNP , and his statue VBZ NNP van NNP park in NNP ; the city also has a school and a hospital named for him .	20	22	VBZ	has	have
also , JJ NNP singers like NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP also come from the city .	4	16	VBP	come	comes
the age of consent in ukraine appears to be 16 , although it is not specifically set in any one statute .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear
the president sends his science advisor NNP NNP and chief of staff ray NNP to arizona to find out who the aliens are and what they want .	21	22	VBP	are	is
